
Delivery Man: Fate whispers to the warrior.
Ethan Hunt: A storm is coming.
Delivery Man: And the warrior whispers back.
Ethan Hunt: I am the storm.
Benji Dunn: How close were we?
Ethan Hunt: The usual.
Ilsa Faust: Usual?
Ethan Hunt: Please, don't make me laugh.
August Walker: How many times has Hunt's government betrayed him, disavowed him, cast him aside? How long before a man like that has had enough?
Ethan Hunt: What's done is done when we say it's done.
Ethan Hunt: I'll figure it out.
August Walker: The name is Walker, by the way
Benji Dunn: Was the little car your idea?
Ilsa Faust: What the hell is he doing?
Benji Dunn: I find it best not to look!
Ethan Hunt: Which way, Benji?
Benji Dunn: Turn left!
Benji Dunn: Go, go, go, go! What are you waiting for?
Ethan Hunt: I'm JUMPING out a WINDOW!
Benji Dunn: Oh, sorry. Good luck!
Solomon Lane: "Your mission, should you *choose* to accept it." I wonder, did you ever choose not to? The end you've always feared is coming. And the blood will be on your hands. The fallout of all your good intentions.
August Walker: Hope is not a strategy.
Ilsa Faust: You must be new.
Ethan Hunt: That's right. Prick.
Solomon Lane: There cannot be peace without first, a great suffering. The greater the suffering, the greater the peace. The end you've always feared is coming. It's coming, and the blood will be on your hands.
Ilsa Faust: You don't understand what you're involved in.
Ethan Hunt: You need to walk away.
Ilsa Faust: Please don't make me go through you.
Luther Stickell: Ethan, that's not who we are!
Ethan Hunt: Maybe we need to reconsider that.
Ethan Hunt: Which way, Benji?
Benji Dunn: Turn left!
Ethan Hunt: Benji Dunn: Go, go, go, go! What are you waiting for?
Ethan Hunt: I'M JUMPING OUT A WINDOW!
Benji Dunn: Oh, sorry. Good luck.
Julia Meade-Hunt: So, how is he?
Luther Stickell: Oh, you know, same old Ethan.
Erica Sloan: Per your request, I'm handing Solomon Lane back to MI6. Through a broker, of course, part of our ongoing arrangement. After what happened in Paris, we prefer to keep a low profile. And that closes your friend's account in British intelligence. I understand now why Hunley believed in you. The world needs the IMF. We need people like you, who care about the one life as much as they care about the millions. That way I never have to.
Benji Dunn: We have to evacuate these people!
Ilsa Faust: There's no time!
Ethan Hunt: This whole valley's gonna be incinerated in 15 minutes!
Ilsa Faust: It's too late!
Ethan Hunt: No. I'm gonna get the detonator.
Ilsa Faust: What? How?
Ethan Hunt: I'll figure it out. Find Lane and find the other bomb!
Ilsa Faust: What the hell is he doing?
Benji Dunn: I find it best not to look!
Luther Stickell: In all the years that I've known Ethan he's only been serious about two women. One was his wife.
Ilsa Faust: He's married?
Luther Stickell: No, he was.
Ilsa Faust: Was? What happened to her?
Luther Stickell: Well, she was taken by some people who wanted to get to Ethan. It's OK. He got her back in one piece. Then he quit the game. They were happy for a while. But every time something bad happened in the world Ethan would think: I should have been there. And she would wonder: Who's watching the world while Ethan is watching me? Deep down they both knew that someday, somehow, something truly terrible was going to happen. All because they were together. So...
Ilsa Faust: Where is she now?
Luther Stickell: She's a ghost. Good at it too. Taught her myself. Every now and then she sends up a signal to let Ethan know she's safe. And that keeps him going.
Ilsa Faust: Why are you telling me this?
Luther Stickell: We're in this mess because Ethan wouldn't let me die. He's a good man. And he cares about you. More than he can admit. That's one more worry than he can handle right now. If you care about him, you should walk away.
Benji Dunn: Why is he running in circles?
Solomon Lane: There cannot be peace without first a great suffering. The greater the suffering, the greater the peace. The end you've always feared... is coming. It's coming, and the blood will be on your hands.
Benji Dunn: This is a bad idea.
Luther Stickell: Is it ever a good one, honestly?
Solomon Lane: Do you, Ethan Hunt, take Julia as your lawful wedded wife?
Ethan Hunt: I do.
Solomon Lane: To have, to hold, to love, cherish, honor, and protect?
Ethan Hunt: I do.
Solomon Lane: To shield from terrors known and unknown, to lie, to deceive...
Ethan Hunt: What?
Solomon Lane: ...to lead a double life, to fail to prevent her abduction, erase her identity, force her into hiding, take away all she has known...
Ethan Hunt: Stop.
Solomon Lane: ...in a selfish, futile, fleeting attempt...
Ethan Hunt: Stop.
Solomon Lane: ...to escape your own true self?
Ethan Hunt: Please, stop!
Solomon Lane: And, Julia, do you choose to accept?
Ethan Hunt: Don't.
Julia Meade-Hunt: I do.
Ethan Hunt: No!
Solomon Lane: You should have killed me, Ethan.
August Walker: Why won't you just die?
Solomon Lane: Terrorists are schoolboys, desperate for attention. Hoping to shape public opinion through fear. I don't care in the least what people think or feel. In my experience they don't do either for very long.
Benji Dunn: Ethan, where are you?
Ethan Hunt: I'm in a helicopter going after Walker.
Benji Dunn: Hold on! How did you get in the helicopter?
Ilsa Faust: What? You can fly a helicopter?
Luther Stickell: Did you say "helicopter"? What the hell are you doing in a helicopter?
Ethan Hunt: I am terribly sorry...
August Walker: Why do you have to make things so fucking complicated?
Erica Sloan: You use a scalpel, I prefer a hammer.
Alan Hunley: You had a terrible choice to make in Berlin: one life over millions. And now the world is at risk.
Solomon Lane: You should've killed me, Ethan.
Solomon Lane: That was Ilsa.
Ethan Hunt: Shut up.
Solomon Lane: Very interesting. It's good to see you again, Ethan.
Solomon Lane: When the clock stops, Ethan Hunt will lose everyone he ever cared about.
Luther Stickell: He's not just some observer. He's an assassin.
Ethan Hunt: Don't trust anybody outside of this room.
Alan Hunley: You go rogue, he's been authorized to hunt you down and kill you.
August Walker: That's the job.
August Walker: No hard feelings.
Erica Sloan: The IMF is like Halloween, a bunch of grown men in rubber masks playing trick-or-treat.
Alan Hunley: Accept it, Ethan. You've lost this one. What's done is done.
Ethan Hunt: What's done is done... when we say it's done.
Ethan Hunt: What are you doing here?
Ilsa Faust: It's good to see you, too.
Page from "The Destruction of the Current World Order" Manifesto written by John Lark and seen during Ethan Hunt's briefing.: "There has never been peace without first a great suffering, the greater the suffering, the greater the peace. As mankind is drawn to his self-destruction like a moth to the candle, the so-called defenders of peace - the church, the government, the law - work tirelessly to save humanity from itself. But, by averting disaster, they serve to delay a peace that can only come through an inevitable baptism of fire. The suffering I bring you is not the beginning of the end. It is the beginning of a greater mutual understanding through common suffering. It is the first step towards the ultimate brotherhood of man. The suffering I bring you is the bridge to ultimate peace. Today, mankind has been handed the opportunity to escape his destiny, an otherwise inevitable conclusion to a thousand years of intolerance and fear. I call all rationalists who can stand and join in the struggle against the radical theists, all of which fall beneath a common umbrella of ideology. If we were to continue any further we would reach mythology and Aesop's fables. When do we stop? Any belief in a spirituality with no other proof, other than the cravings to project one's self over the rational thinking of the others must be eradicated as it does not only halt progression and development of the human mind and reach, but also hinders it. Here I will emphasize clearly that the judgment upheld against us will be one of human hands, not of a god or other worldly being. Part of the absurd rational is what leads to the obscure justifications, the believers place upon their own disgraceful and belligerent behavior. No. The loss of human life cannot and will not be justified. For this is not the taking of human lives. They are merely puppets, hollow shells that were once human beings. Brainwashed by stories and tales of old, their weak minds have been overpowered by the pressure placed on them by other lifeless puppets. And so, the cycle continues."
August Walker: Hunt's the only friend you've got. You're only alive today because he didn't have the guts to kill you. Sloane was right. The IMF is Halloween. Nothing but grown men wearing...
Solomon Lane: What?
Solomon Lane: It's just the job. No hard feelings.
Solomon Lane: "There cannot be peace without first a great suffering. The greater the suffering, the greater the peace."
August Walker: When I wrote those words, I wasn't referring to your peace or Hunt's suffering. The old world order needs dismantling, and we have the tools to dismantle it. All you seem to care about is that Hunt lives to take the blame. That's not anarchy. That's revenge.
August Walker: Is it true Lane gassed a village of 2000 people?
Ethan Hunt: Yes.
August Walker: Is it true he brought down an entire passenger plane just to kill one man?
Ethan Hunt: Yes.
August Walker: Is it true that he...
Ethan Hunt: Look, Walker, whatever you've heard, if it makes your skin crawl, it's probably true.
August Walker: Holy shit. You're the guy that caught him, aren't you? How long do you think he's gonna keep that to himself?
Ethan Hunt: Julia... I'm sorry
Julia Meade-Hunt: There's no reason to be sorry
Ethan Hunt: I... I'm sorry for Everything... I
Julia Meade-Hunt: Look at me. Look at my life. I love what I do and I never would've found this if I hadn't met you. Everything that happened... it taught me who I am... it showed me what I'm capable of and I... I'm a survivor.
Ethan Hunt: But what happened here... it was my...
Julia Meade-Hunt: Nothing happened. Because You were here. And I sleep soundly at night knowing you always will be.
Ethan Hunt: You're Happy.
Julia Meade-Hunt: Very. I'm exactly where I should be. And so are you.
Erica Sloan: This is the CIA's mission. If he had held onto the plutonium, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
Alan Hunley: His team would be dead.
Erica Sloan: Yes, they would. That's the job.
Ilsa Faust: What the heck is he doing?
Benji Dunn: I find it best not to look!
Solomon Lane: He can't stop it, understand? There's nothing he can do. When the clock runs out, Ethan Hunt will lose everything and everyone he ever cared about.
Luther Stickell: Wire strippers.
Julia Meade-Hunt: I'm a doctor, not an electrician.
Luther Stickell: Sorry, the thing with the green grip.
Julia Meade-Hunt: Got it.
Luther Stickell: The wire in my left hand.
Julia Meade-Hunt: The black one?
Luther Stickell: My left hand.
Julia Meade-Hunt: That's your left hand.
Luther Stickell: Sorry, the other wire.
Julia Meade-Hunt: The red one?
Luther Stickell: Yes, the red one in my right hand.
Julia Meade-Hunt: Just checking.
Ilsa Faust: Oh, I like her.
Alan Hunley: I prayed to God that it wasn't true.
Erica Sloan: Solomon Lane escaped in Paris.
Alan Hunley: And now the world is at risk.
Erica Sloan: This is the CIA's mission. You use a scalpel. I prefer a hammer.
Solomon Lane: My running days are over. This is where it ends for me.
Wolf Blitzer: Stand by. I'm told we're about to get some additional information. I've just been handed a document from Nils Delbruuk, a nuclear weapons specialist who claims to have built the weapons used in these attacks. I've been asked to read this manifesto in its entirety. "There has never been peace without first a great suffering. The greater the suffering, the greater the peace. As mankind is drawn to his self-destruction like a moth to the candle, the so-called defenders of peace - the church, the government, the law - work tirelessly to save humanity from itself. But, by averting disaster, they serve to delay a peace that can only come through an inevitable baptism of fire. The suffering I bring you is not the beginning of the end. It is the beginning of a greater mutual understanding through common suffering. It is the first step toward the ultimate brotherhood of man. The suffering I bring you is the bridge to ultimate peace."
Ethan Hunt: Kill everyone? That's your plan?
Zola: You want your plutonium? This is the price. Or do you draw the line at killing cops?
The White Widow: That's John Lark you're talking to.
Ethan Hunt: I've murdered women and children with smallpox. I have no line.
The White Widow: Right. Sleep well, everyone. Busy day tomorrow...
Ethan Hunt: You can't do it, can you? Not until you get your plutonium.
August Walker: No, he still has plans for you. You're gonna turn yourself in and admit you're John Lark, then watch the old world implode from your dark little cell.
Ethan Hunt: And if I don't?
August Walker: I'm her guardian angel, Hunt. If I see you again, she dies. If you try to warn her, she dies. Know when you're beat.
Alan Hunley: I believe I've been given a choice to protect you or the IMF, which is why I'm bringing you in.
Ethan Hunt: And if I refuse?
Alan Hunley: What do you think he's here for? You think he's some observer? He's an assassin! Erika Sloane's number one plumber. You go rogue, he's authorized to hunt you down and kill you.
August Walker: It's the job. No hard feelings.
Alan Hunley: Accept it, Ethan. You've lost this one. What's done is done.
Ethan Hunt: No, sir. No.
Alan Hunley: I am not asking you, I am giving you a direct order. This mission is terminated. Now!
Ethan Hunt: The CIA has been infiltrated. I don't trust anybody outside of this room. We're gonna have to go alone.
Julia Meade-Hunt: So, how is he?
Julia Meade-Hunt: Oh, you know, same old Ethan.
Solomon Lane: You don't want to see this.
August Walker: There cannot be peace without first a great suffering. The greater the suffering, the greater the peace.
Ethan Hunt: I'm working on it!     