
Martin Vanger: It's hard to believe that the fear of offending can be stronger than the fear of pain, but you know what? It is.
Lisbeth Salander: May I kill him?
Lisbeth Salander: Good. You're alive. You recognize this? I had it with me last time. I set it here, remember? And this snap, you see it? It's not a snap. It's a wide angle fiber-optics lens.
Lisbeth Salander: I thought it was going to be another blow job, which is disgusting enough. But I misjudged just how sick you are. Okay, here's what is going to happen.
Lisbeth Salander: Pay attention. Look at me!
Lisbeth Salander: Once you can sit again, which could be a while, I admit, we're going to go to my bank and tell them that I alone have access to my money. Nod.
Bjurman: Lisbeth Salander: After that you will never contact me again. Each month you will prepare a report of a meeting that we will never have. In it you'll describe how well I'm doing. How sociable I'm becoming. Then you will negotiate with the court to have my declaration of incompetence lifted. If you fail, this video will spread across the internet like a virus. Nod.
Bjurman: Lisbeth Salander: And if anything should happen to me. If I get run over by a car. If you run me over with a car. This will upload automatically. Nod that you understand.
Bjurman: Lisbeth Salander: Ooh, Gabardine. I'm taking the keys to this apartment because I'll be checking on you. And if I find a girl in here with you, whether she came of her own free will or not.
Lisbeth Salander: No, not the video. I'll kill you. Do you doubt anything I've said? Do you doubt what's in the reports that have followed me around all my life? What do they say, if you had to sum it up? They say I'm insane.
Lisbeth Salander: No, it's okay. You can nod because it's true. I am insane.
Martin Vanger: Let me ask you something? Why don't people trust their instincts? They sense something is wrong, someone is walking too close behind them... You knew something was wrong but you came back into the house. Did I force you, did I drag you in? No. All I had to do was offer you a drink. It's hard to believe that the fear of offending can be stronger than the fear of pain. But you know what? It is. And they always come willingly. And then they sit there. They know it's all over just like you do but somehow they still think they have a chance. Maybe if I say the right thing? Maybe if I'm polite. If I cry, if i beg. And when I see the hope draining from their face like it is from yours right now. I can feel myself getting hard. You know, We're not that different, you and I. We both have urges, satisfying mine requires more towels.
Henrik Vanger: You will be investigating thieves, misers, bullies. The most detestable collection of people that you will ever meet - my family.
Lisbeth Salander: He's had a long standing sexual relationship with his co-editor of the magazine. Sometimes he performs cunnilingus. Not often enough. In my opinion.
Dirch Frode: Well, you were right not to include that.
Lisbeth Salander: I know.
Mikael Blomkvist: What are you doing?
Lisbeth Salander: Reading your notes.
Mikael Blomkvist: They're encrypted!
Lisbeth Salander: Please.
Lisbeth Salander: I like working with you.
Mikael Blomkvist: I like working with you too.
Bjurman: I feel bad about the way we left things last time.
Lisbeth Salander: Me too.
Mikael Blomkvist: Hi. You and I need to talk. I got us some breakfast.
Mikael Blomkvist: I'm sorry, I didn't realize you had some company.
Lisbeth Salander: Hey. Hey! Who do you think you are?
Mikael Blomkvist: I'm the guy you know better than my closest friends do. Why don't you put some clothes on, get rid of your girlfriend. We need to talk.
Mikael Blomkvist: I guess I must have alarmed you, turning up like that.
Lisbeth Salander: If you touch me I'll more than alarm you.
Mikael Blomkvist: That won't be necessary. Your report. Very detailed. But for me, it wasn't very entertaining.
Lisbeth Salander: It wasn't meant to be.
Mikael Blomkvist: When I write about people I try to entertain the reader.
Lisbeth Salander: Wennerstrom wasn't entertained much.
Mikael Blomkvist: Your boss, Armansky, he tells me you only do jobs that interest you. So I suppose I should be flattered. You gonna sit down? He also says that you're the one he goes to when the job is sensitive.
Mikael Blomkvist: That's the word he used. Sensitive. I'm gonna use illegal. Because that's what it was when you hacked into my computer. I'm not gonna do anything about that. I could, but I won't. What I'm gonna do is tell you a story and if it entertains you maybe you'll decide to help me research further. And if not, I'll do the washing up and you'll never see me again. Here, you should eat that.
Lisbeth Salander: What kind of research?
Mikael Blomkvist: Lisbeth. Oh, can I call you Lisbeth? I want you to help me catch a killer of women.
Lisbeth Salander: Put your hand back in my shirt.
Lisbeth Salander: Hold still. I've never done this before, and there will be blood.
Lisbeth Salander: And stop visiting tattoo removal websites, or I'll do it again.
Lisbeth Salander: Right here.
Mikael Blomkvist: How come a 23-year-old can be a ward of the state?
Lisbeth Salander: I'm mentally incompetent and can't manage daily life.
Mikael Blomkvist: Since when have they said that?
Lisbeth Salander: Since I was twelve.
Mikael Blomkvist: Something happened when you were twelve? Uh... I'm sorry, That's none of my business.
Lisbeth Salander: I tried to kill my father. I burned him alive. Got about 80 percent of him.
Mikael Blomkvist: Ow...
Lisbeth Salander: I'll make some coffee.
Henrik Vanger: Soon you'll know us all too well, with my apologies.
Mikael Blomkvist: I want you to help me catch a killer of women.
Henrik Vanger: It was then that I noticed Harriet wasn't there. And she wasn't there the next morning, or the next, or the next 40 years.
Mikael Blomkvist: Cat!
Mikael Blomkvist: I can't find any record of her and I'm pretty good at that kind of thing.
Armansky: She's had a rough life. Can we please not make it any rougher?
Mikael Blomkvist: Rape, torture, fire, animals, religion. Am I missing anything?
Lisbeth Salander: The names. They're all biblical.
Mikael Blomkvist: Who knows about this?
Henrik Vanger: Just me, the police, the killer, and now you.
Lisbeth Salander: Something wrong with the report?
Dirch Frode: No, no. It was quite thorough. I'm more interested in what's not in it.
Lisbeth Salander: There's nothing "not in it".
Dirch Frode: Your opinion of him isn't .
Lisbeth Salander: He's clean, in my opinion.
Dirch Frode: You mean he's hygienic?
Mikael Blomkvist: We're looking for a serial murderer, but what could that have to do with a teenager living on an island?
Lisbeth Salander: She was looking for him, too.
Lisbeth Salander: Rebecka was the first, just as you thought. The second, M.H., is Mari Holmberg, a prostitute in Kalmar. Murdered in 1954 matching Leviticus 20:18.
Mikael Blomkvist: If a man lies with a woman having her sickness, he has made naked her fountain and she has uncovered the fountain of her blood.
Lisbeth Salander: She was raped and stabbed, but the cause of death was suffocation with a sanitary napkin.
Mikael Blomkvist: Okay.
Lisbeth Salander: R.L., Rakel Lunde. 1957. A cleaning woman and part-time palm reader. Tied with a clothesline, gagged, raped. Head crushed with a rock. Leviticus 20:27.
Mikael Blomkvist: A woman who is a medium or sorceress shall be put to death by stoning.
Lisbeth Salander: Sara Witt, 1964. Daughter of a pastor. Tied to her bed. Raped. Charred in the fire that burned down her house. Leviticus 21:9.
Mikael Blomkvist: The daughter of a priest who profanes herself by playing the harlot profanes her father and shall be burned with fire.
Lisbeth Salander: Magda Lovisa Sjoberg, 1960. Found in a barn. Stabbed and raped with farm tools. The cow in the next stall had its throat slit. Its blood was splashed on her and hers on it.
Mikael Blomkvist: Leviticus 20:16. If a woman lies with any beast You shall kill the woman and the beast. Their blood is upon them.
Lisbeth Salander: Lea Persson, 1962. Found by her sister in their pet shop. Raped, beaten. The killer uncaged the animals, smashed the aquariums. There was a parakeet inside her. Next, Eva Gustavsson, 1960. A runaway. Raped, strangled. A burnt pigeon tied around her neck. Lena Andersson, 1967. A student. Raped, stabbed, decapitated.
Mikael Blomkvist: Okay.
Lisbeth Salander: It's nice.
Tailor: Your father?
Lisbeth Salander: A friend.
Tailor: Must be a very good friend.
Pernilla Blomkvist: Don't go too hard on the Catholics!
Mikael Blomkvist: What's that?
Pernilla Blomkvist: The article you are writing about.
Mikael Blomkvist: I'm not writing an article on the Catholics.
Pernilla Blomkvist: The Bible quotes by your desk!
Mikael Blomkvist: You were here that day?
Martin Vanger: that terrible day. Searching. Not finding. Even worse.
Bjurman: How many partners have you had in the last month? And how many of those were men? It's regulation. I have to ask these things.
Lisbeth Salander: Write what you want.
Lisbeth Salander: I just want to know, am I going to have to do this every time I need money to eat?
Henrik Vanger: I apologize if you've been having financial problems at the magazine due to Mikael's absence.
Erika Berger: We'll work through them.
Henrik Vanger: Are you sure?
Martin Vanger: How long do you think you can hang on? Six months?
Erika Berger: That sounds about right.
Henrik Vanger: I used to be in the newspaper business. We owned six dailies back in the '50s.
Martin Vanger: We still own one. The Courier, here in town.
Henrik Vanger: Which I let my nephew, Birger, run because he can't run anything else.
Martin Vanger: So, what would you say to taking on a partner?
Erika Berger: Well, we've never had to consider it before. We value our independence very much.
Harald Vanger: I'm not a recluse. I don't close my door to anybody. They just don't visit.
Martin Vanger: It might amuse you that while you were upstairs having moose with me and Liv, who, by the way, finds me conventional, I had Irina down there in that cage.
Martin Vanger: Martin Vanger: Who's Irina, you might ask? Just another girl. Just another immigrant whore. Who misses them?
Mikael Blomkvist: Your sister wasn't.
Martin Vanger: What?
Mikael Blomkvist: Your sister Harriet wasn't just another girl.
Martin Vanger: You found her.
Martin Vanger: What happened to her?
Mikael Blomkvist: You... killed her.
Martin Vanger: You useless fucking detective.
Armansky: She's different in every way.
Mikael Blomkvist: I may have found something.
Frode: You're joking! What have you found?
Mikael Blomkvist: The last time I reported on something without being absolutely sure I lost my life savings.
Lisbeth Salander: I got a call from social welfare. I've been assigned a new guardian.
Lisbeth Salander: There's one reason she hasn't called Harriet. Because she can't. Because Harriet is dead.
Mikael Blomkvist: Really?
Lisbeth Salander: Fuck me.
Mikael Blomkvist: You know, I was just thinking...
Lisbeth Salander: Just one second. Fuck! Let's cum at the same time.
Mikael Blomkvist: I'm ahead of you.
Lisbeth Salander: Fuck! What were you going to say?
Mikael Blomkvist: I was just thinking there might be another possibility.
Harald Vanger: I'm not a recluse; I don't close my door to anyone. They just don't visit
Mikael Blomkvist: Perhaps if you redecorated?
Harald Vanger: Hide the past like they do? under a thin shiny veneer? like an IKEA table? I am the most honest of all of them
Mikael Blomkvist: The family?
Harald Vanger: Sweden
Martin Vanger: Bring your drink, leave my knife.
Bjurman: Have you ever had any sexually transmitted diseases? And when was the last time you were tested for HIV? How many partners have you had in the last month? And how many of those were men? It's regulation I have to ask these things. It's a health matter.
Lisbeth Salander: Write what you want.
Bjurman: Why do you need such an expensive computer?
Lisbeth Salander: For work.
Bjurman: Making coffees. Sorting mail.
Lisbeth Salander: I shouldn't even have to ask. I should have control of my money.
Bjurman: And you will once you learn to be sociable. Get along with people. Can you do that? Why don't we start with that. Why don't we start with me? You do something for me, I do something for you. It's what normal people do. I want you to have that computer.
Lisbeth Salander: Hello Martin!
Armansky: The reason you can find no record of her is because her records have been sealed. She's a ward of the state.
Mikael Blomkvist: What's that got to do with anything?
Armansky: She's had a rough life. Can we please not make it any rougher?
Martin Vanger: I apologize for my mother's behavior.
Mikael Blomkvist: I'm used to it.
Martin Vanger: It has nothing to do with you. It's between her and Henrik. She lost it when my father died. And her drinking and her... it got so bad Henrik took me and my sister away from her and left her excommunicated in the old house on the other side of the island. She hasn't forgiven him. You must stay. You're the last chance Henrik has at some kind of resolution. Put this to rest one way or another. I'll keep my mother away. But please, hurry.
Mikael Blomkvist: Of course.
Lisbeth Salander: Nobody is shooting at you now.
Mikael Blomkvist: I'm not sure this is a good idea.
Lisbeth Salander: Why?
Mikael Blomkvist: Apart from the fact that I'm older and we work together so...
Lisbeth Salander: You work with "what's her name" and that's worked out for you.
Mikael Blomkvist: I do have some standards believe it or not.
Lisbeth Salander: You need to stop talking.
Detective Inspector Gustaf Morell: What kind is it?
Henrik Vanger: I don't know. White?
Detective Inspector Gustaf Morell: And the frame?
Henrik Vanger: Dark.
Detective Inspector Gustaf Morell: Postmark?
Henrik Vanger: Same as last time.
Detective Inspector Gustaf Morell: And no note.
Henrik Vanger: No.
Detective Inspector Gustaf Morell: I'm so sorry, Henrik.
Martin Vanger: Why didn't you just go home?
Bjurman: So how's Mr. Palmgren doing? I heard he had a stroke of some kind. It's terrible. Now what exactly do you do at this security company?
Lisbeth Salander: Make coffee. Sort mail.
Bjurman: But not full-time? Not even part-time consistently. They somehow got along without coffee or mail in July and August?
Bjurman: How much do you make there?
Lisbeth Salander: Enough.
Bjurman: How much is your rent?
Lisbeth Salander: I pay my rent.
Bjurman: And when was the last time you were late?
Lisbeth Salander: Never.
Bjurman: You think that thing through your eyebrow makes you attractive? Here's the problem. There is a discrepancy between the obligation of Mr. Palmgren's guardianship and the management of your finances.
Lisbeth Salander: There's no discrepancies. It was clear I could manage my own finances.
Bjurman: That is not clear to me.
Lisbeth Salander: I'm not a child!
Bjurman: No you are not. But you were. And between then and now you were committed to the locked ward of St. Stefan's where you continued to display violent aggression. And you failed to adapt to four foster homes, arrested twice for intoxication, twice for narcotics, again for assault, smashing a bottle into a man's face. And it's not even that long ago. You may have conned Mr. Palmgren into thinking that you have changed, but when I'm looking at this, not to mention the way you're looking at me now, I don't think you have. So the good old Mr. Palmgren days are over.
Lisbeth Salander: You need to stop talking.
Erika Berger: Our credibility isn't dead yet.
Mikael Blomkvist: Mine is.
Bjurman: You do something for me, I do something for you.
Lisbeth Salander: If you touch me I'll more than alarm you.
Bjurman: Would you prefer institutionalization?
Mikael Blomkvist: Can I call you Lisbeth?
Harriet: If a woman approaches any beast and lies with it you shall kill the woman and the beast. Their blood will be upon them.
Bjurman: I forgot to ask you.
Bjurman: You like anal sex?
Henrik Vanger: The enemy of my enemy is... my enemy.     