
Dai: I've had a lot of new experiences during this strike. Speaking in public, standing on a picket line, And now I'm in a gay bar.
Jonathan: Well, if you don't like it, you can go home.
Dai: As a matter of fact, I do like it.
Dai: Beer's a bit expensive, mind.
Dai: But, really, there's only one difference between this and a bar in South Wales. The women. They're a lot more feminine in here.
Dai: What I'd really like to say to you tonight is thank you. If you're one of the people that's put money in these buckets, if you've supported LGSM, then thank you, because what you've given us is more than money. It's friendship. When you're in a battle against an enemy so much bigger, so much stronger than you, well, to find out you had a friend you never knew existed, well, that's the best feeling in the world. So, thank you.
Steph, Stella, Zoe: Every woman is a lesbian at heart/Every woman is a lesbian at heart/Every woman is a lesbian at heart...
Reggie: You can't possibly say that every woman is a lesbian.
Zoe: Why not?
Reggie: Because they're not! Esther Rantzen isn't a lesbian. My mum is not a lesbian.
Stella: How do you know?
Reggie: How do I know my Mum's not a lesbian?
Ray: What he's trying to say is, you can't make grand, sweeping generalizations. It's not acceptable.
Steph, Stella, Zoe: Every woman is a lesbian at heart/Every woman is a lesbian at heart/Every woman is a lesbian at heart/Including Reggie's Mum!
Dai: Where are you from?
Gethin: Rhyl, originally.
Dai: No, no way.
Hefina: Listen, we don't mind the gays, and the lesbians, that's fine. But don't you dare be bringing people from North Wales down here!
Mark's Crotchety Old Neighbour: I've spoken to the council about your deviant parties.
Mark: There's no need to do that. Knock on the door, we'd let you in.
Mark's Crotchety Old Neighbour: They're sending a policeman!
Mark: Oh, I do hope so.
Reggie: Nobody said anything about hiding who we are.
Mark: Yes, they did. You.
Reggie: I just think if everybody takes it easy on the...
Ray: Flamboyance.
Reggie: We're more likely to fit in.
Jonathan: I'm sorry, just to be clear, when you say "flamboyance", you mean gay. And when you say "everyone", you mean me.
Mark: Jonathan.
Jonathan: Good. It's just I haven't spoken 1950s in quite a while.
Jonathan: God! I miss disco!
Receptionist: There are no gay artists on this label. I'm sorry.
Mark: They don't have to be gay. That's the point. This is a coming together of all different people...
Mark: Mike: What the bloody hell do you think you're doing?
Mark: That's the number for Gay Switchboard. You never know. One of them might need it one day.
Bromley: I've never met a lesbian before
Steph: Really? I've never met anyone who irons their jeans.
Bromley: I live at home.
Steph: No shit! Is that where you got that lovely brooch?
Bromley: That's embarrassing. It's today.
Steph: What are you? Ten?
Bromley: I'm twenty.
Steph: I wouldn't go spreading that around.
Steph: You're illegal, darling. Sixteen for the breeders. Twenty-one for the gays. Did you learn nothing on that march? You're *still* a minor.
Bromley: Jesus!
Steph: Victory to the Minors.
Hefina: What the hell do you think you're doing?
Carl: Just talking to Kev about something.
Hefina: You can talk to Kev any day of the week. Get over there and find a gay or a lesbian right now.
Carl: Look, Hefina, I've shaken their hands, I've bought them a pint. See? I don't wanna labor the point, do I? I might, you know, give them the wrong impression.
Kevin: Right.
Hefina: Oh, Right. Because you're so bloody irresistible, is that it, Carl Evans?
Hefina: Listen to me, I've seen you dancing round my backyard with no clothes on since you were this high, and I can tell you right now, these gays have thrown better away.
Journalist 2: And why should gay people like me support the miners?
Mark: Because miners dig for coal, which produces power, which allows gay people like you to dance to Bananarama till 3 o'clock in the morning.
Jonathan: A police officer has the right to stop you if - that's the important word here - *if* he has reasonable grounds to believe a crime is gonna be committed.
Dai: Are you absolutely sure about this?
Jonathan: Police harassment, dear. I could set it to music.
Sian: And if he does?
Jonathan: Then he must formally charge you within 24 hours of that arrest. But reasonable grounds means concrete evidence that can stand up in court. It doesn't mean he doesn't like the look of you. That's the same whether you're standing on a picket line or trolling down Clapham High Street in full drag.
Bromley: They called us perverts.
Mark: Bromley, it's time for an important part of your education. Hands up, in this room, if you've ever been called a name like that.
Mark: Now, there is a long and honorable tradition in the gay community and it has stood us in good stead for a very long time. When somebody calls you a name... am I right Jonathan?
Jonathan: Dead right.
Mark: You take it and own it.
Joe: The thing is I'm actually from Bromley.
Mike: Well, don't worry about that. We're a broad church.
Hefina: Jesus God that takes me back!
Hefina: What I want to know is...
Hefina: What's this?
Sian: Hefina! Put That Back Immediately!
Hefina: That's nothing. Here, look what else I've found.
Margaret: You never went under his bed!
Hefina: When was the last time you saw anything like that, huh? When? When?
Jonathan: Don't those women ever sleep?
Hefina: Jesus God that takes me back!
Gwen: Dai? Your gays have arrived.
Mark: And we've got a name: LGSM. Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners.
Steph: It's not very catchy.
Mark: It's a support group, Steph, not a skiffle band.
Mark: It's a fund-raising concert, and we're lookin' for bands to... no! No! No, no, no, I am in no way suggesting that Sting, or indeed any other member of The Police, is a pervert.
Cliff: Cliff: I don't mind taking more, Hefina. Not the lesbians so much, because of their cuisine, but I'll take an extra gay.
Bromley: Just for future reference... my name is Joe!
Jonathan: You tell him, Bromley.
Jason: AIDS - Anally Injected Death Sentence.     