
Noah Vosen: Perhaps we can arrange a meet.
Jason Bourne: Where are you now?
Noah Vosen: I'm sitting in my office.
Jason Bourne: I doubt that.
Noah Vosen: Why would you doubt that?
Jason Bourne: If you were in your office right now we'd be having this conversation face-to-face.
Noah Vosen: Nicky, I need you to stay put and secure the premises. Backup will be arriving in approximately one hour. Do you copy?
Nicky Parsons: Copy sir.
Jason Bourne: How long do I have?
Nicky Parsons: Three minutes.
Paz: Why didn't you take the shot?
Jason Bourne: Do you even know why you're supposed to kill me? Look at us. Look at what they make you give.
Pamela Landy: This is Jason Bourne, the toughest target that you have ever tracked. He is really good at staying alive, and trying to kill him and failing... just pisses him off.
Jason Bourne: Get some rest Pam, you look tired.
Noah Vosen: He's looking right at her.
Noah Vosen: Jesus Christ, that's Jason Bourne!
Jason Bourne: I remember. I remember everything. I'm no longer Jason Bourne.
Dr. Albert Hirsch: So now you're going to kill me.
Jason Bourne: No. You don't deserve the star they give you on the wall at Langley.
TV Reporter: Meanwhile, mystery surrounds the fate of David Webb, also known as Jason Bourne, the source behind the exposure of the Blackbriar program. It's been reported that Webb was shot and fell from a Manhattan rooftop into the East River ten stories below. However, after a three day search, Webb's body has yet to be found.
Jason Bourne: They'll kill you for giving me this.
Pamela Landy: 4/15/71 isn't much of a code. I guess Vosen is on his way already.
Jason Bourne: Why'd you do it?
Pamela Landy: This isn't what I signed up for. What they did to you. Blackbriar. This isn't us.
Jason Bourne: Then do something about it. Everything you need is in there.
Jason Bourne: Everything.
Pamela Landy: David. Why don't you come in with me? It'll be better if we do this together.
Jason Bourne: No. This is where it started for me. This is where it ends.
Jason Bourne: Why are you helping me?
Nicky Parsons: It was difficult... for me... with you. You... really don't remember, do you?
Jason Bourne: No.
Martin Kreutz: Where's my sister?
Jason Bourne: Why don't you sit down.
Martin Kreutz: Where is she?
Jason Bourne: She's dead. She was killed. I'm sorry.
Martin Kreutz: I knew it was going to end this way. It was always going to end this way.
Jason Bourne: I didn't believe that.
Martin Kreutz: And how did she die?
Jason Bourne: She was shot. We were together in India. He came for me.
Martin Kreutz: Did you kill him?
Jason Bourne: Yes.
Martin Kreutz: And now what?
Jason Bourne: Someone started all this, and I'm going to find them.
Noah Vosen: When we're finished with Daniels, send the asset after her. We find Parsons, we find Bourne.
Pamela Landy: Noah, what are you doing?
Noah Vosen: Not now.
Pamela Landy: I want to know what's going on.
Noah Vosen: I said not now.
Pamela Landy: What basis are you continuing this operation on?
Noah Vosen: The basis that Nicky Parsons has compromised a covert operation. She is up to her neck in this.
Pamela Landy: This is about Daniels, not Nicky.
Noah Vosen: She has betrayed us.
Pamela Landy: You don't know the circumstances, Noah.
Noah Vosen: She's in league with Jason Bourne, for Christ's sake.
Pamela Landy: You do not have the authority to kill her.
Noah Vosen: Oh yes I do! And you had better get on board.
Pamela Landy: Noah, she's one of us. You start down this path, where does it end?
Noah Vosen: It ends when we've won.
CIA Agent: Uh, sir he drove off the roof.
Noah Vosen: What?
CIA Agent: He drove off the roof!
Jason Bourne: Code it in. We need to be dead.
Dr. Albert Hirsch: You haven't slept for a long time now. Have you made a decision? This can't go on. You have to decide.
Jason Bourne: Who is he?
Dr. Albert Hirsch: We've been through this.
Jason Bourne: What did he do?
Dr. Albert Hirsch: It doesn't matter.
Dr. Albert Hirsch: You picked us. You volunteered. You said that you would do what it takes to save American lives. You're not a liar, are you? Or too weak to see this through? This is it. Let go of David Webb. Will you give yourself to this program.
Dr. Albert Hirsch: You're no longer David Webb. From now on you'll be known as Jason Bourne. Welcome to the program.
Wills: They found a body.
Noah Vosen: Bourne?
Wills: Desh.
Jason Bourne: My argument is not with you.
Noah Vosen: You know as well as I do decisions made in real time are never perfect. Don't second guess an operation from an armchair.
Jason Bourne: Who's your source? What's his name? What's your source's name?
Simon Ross: Look, what's going on? Why are these people after me?
Jason Bourne: Because you found something. You talked to someone, inside Treadstone, someone who was there at the beginning. Who is it?
Simon Ross: You know I can't tell you that.
Jason Bourne: You have no idea what you're into here. These people will kill you if they have to.
Simon Ross: Was it Blackbriar? Is that what this is?
Jason Bourne: Blackbriar? What's Blackbriar?
Simon Ross: Treadstone upgrade. My source told me it all started with you. He said that you were square one, the dirty little secret. He says that he knows who you are.
Jason Bourne: Alright, we have to move. Answer your phone.
Jason Bourne: Why did you pick me?
Dr. Albert Hirsch: You really don't remember, do you? We didn't pick you. You picked us. You volunteered. Right here. Right here, even after you were warned.
Pamela Landy: What is Operation Blackbriar? You want to tell me or should I call Kramer and ask him?
Noah Vosen: For Christ's sake Pam, we're in the middle of an operation.
Pamela Landy: Bullshit. You want Jason Bourne? Level with me.
Noah Vosen: Operation Blackbriar started as an NEAT surveillance program.
Pamela Landy: What is it now?
Noah Vosen: It is now the umbrella program for all our black-ops. Full envelope intrusion, rendition, experimental interrogation - it is all run out of this office. We are the sharp end of the stick now, Pam.
Pamela Landy: Lethal action?
Noah Vosen: If we have to, sure. That's what makes us special. No more red tape. No more getting the bad guys caught on our sights, then watching them escape while we wait for somebody in Washington to issue the order.
Noah Vosen: Oh come on. You've seen the raw intel, Pam. You know how real the danger is. We need these programs now.
Jason Bourne: It gets easier.
Tom Cronin: Where to?
Pamela Landy: 415 east 71st street.
Tom Cronin: 4-15-71? Jesus Pam!
Simon Ross: Oh, the bin man. I think he's one of them.
Jason Bourne: The garbage man? Negative.
Simon Ross: Oh, Jesus. Jesus! He's reaching for something.
CIA Director Ezra Kramer: So we have a dirty section chief who kills Bourne's girl, Bourne comes back for revenge, tapes Abbott's confession, and Abbott commits suicide. Now Bourne's gunnin' for us. You couldn't make this stuff up. Bourne's last confirmed location was Moscow, six weeks ago.
Pamela Landy: Right.
CIA Director Ezra Kramer: He's on the run, he's dangerous...
Pamela Landy: Now Sir, with respect, I think something else could be going on here.
CIA Director Ezra Kramer: What? What's he after?
Pamela Landy: The reason Bourne went to Moscow was to see the daughter of his first target.
CIA Director Ezra Kramer: What's your point, Pam?
Pamela Landy: Maybe he was retracing his steps. Just looking for something... something in his past. Maybe he hasn't found it yet. We need to know what it is.
CIA Director Ezra Kramer: You're telling me he's not a threat to this agency?
Pamela Landy: I think if he wanted to hurt us he could have sent the tape to CNN.
CIA Director Ezra Kramer: Maybe he still will. My number one rule is hope for the best, plan for the worst. As far as I'm concerned, Bourne's still a serious threat, until proven otherwise.
Jason Bourne: You didn't really think I was coming to Tudor City, did you?
Noah Vosen: No. I guess not.
Pamela Landy: You'd better get yourself a good lawyer.
Pamela Landy: Listen, people - do you have any idea who you're dealing with? This is Jason Bourne. You are nine hours behind the toughest target you have ever tracked. Now I want everyone to sit down, strap in, and turn on all you've got. That would mean now.
Airport announcer: Gilberto do Piento, Gilberto do Piento, your party is waiting for you.
Russian dispatch officer: Suspect from tunnel auto chase, heading east from Kievsky Train Station.
Noah Vosen: Our target is a British national - Simon Ross, a reporter. I want all his phones, his BlackBerry, his apartment, his car, bank accounts, credit cards, travel patterns - I want to know what he's going to think before he does. Every dirty little secret he has, and most of all we want the name and real-time location of his source. This is NSA priority level 4. Any questions?
Noah Vosen: Issue a standing kill order on Jason Bourne, effective immediately.
Neal Daniels: Turn off the tape recorder.
Noah Vosen: All agents have shoot-on-sight authorization.
Pamela Landy: Enjoy your egg whites.
Dr. Albert Hirsch: Will you commit yourself to this program?
Noah Vosen: Is that it?
Wills: Yeah.
Noah Vosen: I want rendition protocols, and put the asset on stand-by just in case.     