
Benjamin Button: You can be as mad as a mad dog at the way things went. You could swear, curse the fates, but when it comes to the end, you have to let go.
Benjamin Button: For what it's worth: it's never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There's no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Benjamin Button: Our lives are defined by opportunities; even the ones we miss.
Benjamin Button: Sometimes we're on a collision course, and we just don't know it. Whether it's by accident or by design, there's not a thing we can do about it. A woman in Paris was on her way to go shopping, but she had forgotten her coat - went back to get it. When she had gotten her coat, the phone had rung, so she'd stopped to answer it; talked for a couple of minutes. While the woman was on the phone, Daisy was rehearsing for a performance at the Paris Opera House. And while she was rehearsing, the woman, off the phone now, had gone outside to get a taxi. Now a taxi driver had dropped off a fare earlier and had stopped to get a cup of coffee. And all the while, Daisy was rehearsing. And this cab driver, who dropped off the earlier fare; who'd stopped to get the cup of coffee, had picked up the lady who was going to shopping, and had missed getting an earlier cab. The taxi had to stop for a man crossing the street, who had left for work five minutes later than he normally did, because he forgot to set off his alarm. While that man, late for work, was crossing the street, Daisy had finished rehearsing, and was taking a shower. And while Daisy was showering, the taxi was waiting outside a boutique for the woman to pick up a package, which hadn't been wrapped yet, because the girl who was supposed to wrap it had broken up with her boyfriend the night before, and forgot.
Benjamin Button: When the package was wrapped, the woman, who was back in the cab, was blocked by a delivery truck, all the while Daisy was getting dressed. The delivery truck pulled away and the taxi was able to move, while Daisy, the last to be dressed, waited for one of her friends, who had broken a shoelace. While the taxi was stopped, waiting for a traffic light, Daisy and her friend came out the back of the theater. And if only one thing had happened differently: if that shoelace hadn't broken; or that delivery truck had moved moments earlier; or that package had been wrapped and ready, because the girl hadn't broken up with her boyfriend; or that man had set his alarm and got up five minutes earlier; or that taxi driver hadn't stopped for a cup of coffee; or that woman had remembered her coat, and got into an earlier cab, Daisy and her friend would've crossed the street, and the taxi would've driven by. But life being what it is - a series of intersecting lives and incidents, out of anyone's control - that taxi did not go by, and that driver was momentarily distracted, and that taxi hit Daisy, and her leg was crushed.
Benjamin Button: It's a funny thing about comin' home. Looks the same, smells the same, feels the same. You'll realize what's changed is you.
Benjamin Button: Some people, were born to sit by a river. Some get struck by lightning. Some have an ear for music. Some are artists. Some swim. Some know buttons. Some know Shakespeare. Some are mothers. And some people, dance.
Mrs. Maple: Benjamin, we're meant to lose the people we love. How else would we know how important they are to us?
Benjamin Button: It's funny how sometimes the people we remember the least make the greatest impression on us.
Mrs. Maple: It's not about how well you play, it's how you feel about what you play.
Daisy: And in the spring, 2003, he looked at me. And I knew, that he knew, who I was. And then he closed his eyes, as if to go to sleep.
Benjamin Button: I was thinking how nothing lasts, and what a shame that is.
Daisy: Some things last.
Mr. Daws: Did you know that I was struck by lightning seven times?
Daisy: Would you still love me if I were old and saggy?
Benjamin Button: Would you still love ME if I were young and had acne? When I'm afraid of what's under the stairs? Or if I end up wetting the bed?
Daisy: I promise you, I'll never lose myself to self-pity again.
Benjamin Button: And I think, right there and then, she realized none of us is perfect forever.
Benjamin Button: Momma? Momma? Some days, I feel different than the day before.
Queenie: Everyone feels different about themselves one way or another, but we all goin' the same way.
Ngunda Oti: You'll see little man, plenty of times you be alone. You different like us, it's gonna be that way. But I tell you a little secret I find out. We know we alone. Fat people, skinny people, tall people, white people... they just as alone as us... but they scared shitless.
Queenie: You as ugly as an old pot, but you still a child of God...
Daisy: You're so young.
Benjamin Button: Only on the outside.
Benjamin Button: You never know what's coming for you.
Benjamin Button: I wanna remember us just as we are now.
Mr. Daws: Did I ever tell you I been struck by lightning seven times? Once when I was repairing a leak on the roof.
Mr. Daws: Once I was just crossing the road to get the mail.
Mr. Daws: Once, I was walking my dog down the road.
Mr. Daws: Blinded in one eye; can't hardly hear. I get twitches and shakes out of nowhere; always losing my line of thought. But you know what? God keeps reminding me I'm lucky to be alive.
Mr. Daws: Storm's comin'.
Daisy: We all end up in diapers.
Benjamin Button: My name is Benjamin Button, and I was born under unusual circumstances. While everyone else was agin', I was gettin' younger... all alone.
Captain Mike: Why is it when you showed up you were no bigger than a pollard with one foot in the grave. Now, either I drank a hell of a lot more than I think I did, or you spry'd up. What's your secret?
Benjamin Button: Well captain, you *did* drink a lot.
Elizabeth Abbott: You haven't been with many women, have you?
Benjamin Button: Not on Sundays.
Benjamin Button: Some nights, I'd have to sleep alone. I didn't mind, I would listen to the house breathin'. All those people sleepin'. I felt... safe.
Daisy: Sleep with me.
Benjamin Button: Absolutely.
Queenie: You never know what's comin' for ya.
Benjamin Button: I'm always lookin' out my own eyes.
Benjamin Button: What if I told you that instead of gettin' older, I was gettin' younger than everybody else?
Queenie: Poor child, he got the worst of it. Come out white.
Daisy: Goodnight Benjamin.
Benjamin Button: Goodnight Daisy.
Mr. Daws: Did I ever tell you I been struck by lightning seven times? Once when I was just sittin' in my truck just minding my own business: Daisy: I figured... you are born in 1918... 49 years ago... I'm 43... We are almost the same age. Meeting in the middle.
Benjamin Button: We finally caught up with each other.
Benjamin Button: Wait...
Benjamin Button: I wanna remember us just as we are now.
Daisy: Loving you is worth everything to me...
Daisy: I have to go pee.
Mr. Daws: Did I ever tell you I was struck by lightning seven times? Once when I was in the field, just tending to my cows: Daisy - Age 7: Are you sick?
Benjamin Button: They said I was gonna die soon but, maybe not.
Daisy - Age 7: You're odd.
Daisy: What are you looking at, Caroline?
Caroline: The wind, mom.
Caroline: They say the hurricane is coming.
Dr. Rose: Queenie, some creatures weren't meant to survive.
Queenie: Mm-mm, no, this baby here is a miracle, that's for certain...
Queenie: just like the kind of miracle one hopes to see.
Dr. Rose: Where'd he come from?
Queenie: My sister's child. From Lafayette. She had an unfortunate adventure. The poor child, he got the worst of it. Come out white.
Thomas Button: What are you doing here?
Dr. Rose: Thomas. It's Caroline. She's going to die.
Thomas Button: No. No, I want all of you out! Get away from her!
Thomas Button: I'm here. I came as soon as I could. The streets were wild. The war is over, Carrie.
Caroline Button: Promise me he'll have a place.
Thomas Button: I... I promise.
Elizabeth Abbott: I broke a heel! I don't make it a point to walk about in my stocking feet!     