
Rocket Raccoon: No, Groot! You can't! You'll die! Why are you doing this? Why?
Groot: We are Groot.
Groot: I am Groot.
Peter Quill: Well that's just as fascinating as the first 89 times you told me that. What is wrong with Giving Tree here?
Rocket Raccoon: Well he don't know talkin' good like me and you, so his vocabulistics is limited to "I" and "am" and "Groot," exclusively in that order.
Peter Quill: Well I tell you what, that's gonna wear real thin, real fast, bud.
Drax the Destroyer: I can barely see.
Groot: Drax the Destroyer: Where did you learn to do that?
Peter Quill: I'm pretty sure the answer is: "I am Groot".
Groot: Drax the Destroyer: I just wanted to tell you how grateful I am that you've accepted me despite my blunders. It is good to once again be among friends. You, Quill, are my friend.
Peter Quill: Thanks.
Drax the Destroyer: This dumb tree is also my friend.
Drax the Destroyer: And this green whore is also...
Gamora: Oh, you must stop!
Rocket Raccoon: But Quill, beating Ronan... it can't be done. You're asking us to die.
Peter Quill: Yeah... I guess I am.
Gamora: Quill, I have lived most of my life surrounded my enemies. I will be grateful to die among my friends.
Drax the Destroyer: You're an honorable man, Quill. I will fight beside you. And in the end, I will see my wife and daughter.
Groot: I am Groot.
Rocket Raccoon: Aww, what the hell, I don't got that long a lifespan anyway...
Rocket Raccoon: Well now I'm standing. Happy? We're all standing now. Bunch of jackasses, standing in a circle.
Korath the Pursuer: Star-Lord!
Peter Quill: Finally!
Denarian Saal: Peter Quill, this is Denarian Saal. For the record, I advised them against trusting you.
Peter Quill: They got my dick message.
Denarian Saal: Prove me wrong!
Groot: I am Groot.
Peter Quill: I have a plan.
Rocket Raccoon: You've got a plan? Okay, first of all, you're copying me from when I said I had a plan.
Peter Quill: I'm not copying you, I have a plan, that's not that unique of a thing to say.
Rocket Raccoon: And secondly, I don't think you even have a plan.
Peter Quill: I have part of a plan.
Drax the Destroyer: What percentage of a plan do you have?
Gamora: You don't get to ask questions after the nonsense you pulled on Knowhere!
Drax the Destroyer: I just saved Quill!
Peter Quill: We've already established that you destroying the ship I'm on is not saving me!
Drax the Destroyer: When did we establish that?
Peter Quill: Like three seconds ago!
Drax the Destroyer: Well I wasn't listening then, I was thinking of something else...
Rocket Raccoon: She's right, you don't get an opinion... What percentage?
Peter Quill: I dunno... Twelve percent?
Rocket Raccoon: Twelve percent?
Peter Quill: That's a fake laugh.
Rocket Raccoon: It's real!
Peter Quill: Totally fake!
Rocket Raccoon: That is the most real, authentic, hysterical laugh of my entire life because THAT IS NOT A PLAN!
Gamora: It's barely a concept.
Peter Quill: You're taking their side?
Groot: I am Groot.
Rocket Raccoon: So what, "It's better than eleven percent!" What the hell does that have to do with anything?
Peter Quill: Thank you Groot, thank you. See? Groot's the only one of you who has a clue.
Groot: Peter Quill: Yeah, I'll have to agree with the walking thesaurus on that one.
Drax the Destroyer: DO NOT ever call me a thesaurus.
Peter Quill: It's just a metaphor, dude.
Rocket Raccoon: His people are completely literal. Metaphors go over his head.
Drax the Destroyer: *Nothing* goes over my head...! My reflexes are too fast, I would catch it.
Drax the Destroyer: Finger on throat means death!
Drax the Destroyer: Metaphor.
Peter Quill: ...Sort of.
Gamora: I am going to die surrounded by the biggest idiots in the galaxy.
Rocket Raccoon: If we're gonna get outta here, we gonna need to get into that watch tower, and to do that, I'm gonna need a few things. The guards wear security bands to control their ins and outs. I need one.
Gamora: Leave it to me.
Rocket Raccoon: That dude there. I need his prosthetic leg.
Peter Quill: His leg?
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah. God knows I don't need the rest of him. Look at him. He's useless.
Peter Quill: ...All right.
Rocket Raccoon: And finally, on the wall back there is a black panel. Blinky yellow light. You see it?
Peter Quill: Yeah.
Rocket Raccoon: There's a quarnex battery behind it. Purplish box. Green wires. To get into that watch tower, I definitely need it.
Gamora: How are we supposed to do that?
Rocket Raccoon: Well, supposedly, these bald bodies find you attractive, so maybe you could work out some sort of trade.
Gamora: You must be joking.
Rocket Raccoon: No, I really heard they find you attractive.
Peter Quill: Look. It's 20 feet up in the air and it's in the middle of the most heavily guarded part of the prison. It's impossible to get up there without being seen.
Rocket Raccoon: I got one plan, and that plan requires this frickin' quarnex battery, so FIGURE IT OUT!
Rocket Raccoon: Can I get back to it? Thanks.
Rocket Raccoon: Now, this is important. Once the battery is removed, everything is gonna slam into emergency mode. Once we have it, we gotta move quickly, so you definitely need to get that last.
Rocket Raccoon: Or we could just get it first and improvise.
Gamora: I'll get the armband.
Peter Quill: Leg.
Gamora: I'm a warrior, an assassin. I don't dance.
Peter Quill: Really? Well, on my planet, we have a legend about people like you. It's called Footloose. And in it, a great hero, named Kevin Bacon, teaches an entire city full of people with sticks up their butts that, dancing, well, is the greatest thing there is.
Gamora: ...Who put the sticks up their butts?
Peter Quill: When I look around, you know what I see? Losers.
Peter Quill: I mean like, folks who have lost stuff. And we have, man, we have, all of us. Homes, and our families, normal lives. And you think life takes more than it gives, but not today. Today it's giving us something. It is giving us a chance.
Rocket Raccoon: To do what?
Peter Quill: To give a shit. And I am not gonna stand by and watch as billions of lives are being wiped out.
Gamora: I know who you are, Peter Quill, and I am not some starry-eyed waif here to succumb to your... your pelvic sorcery!
Groot: I am Groot.
Rocket Raccoon: Asleep for the danger, awake for the money, as per frickin' usual.
Rocket Raccoon: That's for if things get really hardcore. Or if you wanna blow up moons.
Gamora: No one's blowing up moons.
Rocket Raccoon: You just wanna suck the joy out of everything.
Drax the Destroyer: This one shows spirit. He shall make a keen ally in the battle against Ronan. Companion, what were you retrieving?
Drax the Destroyer: You're an imbecile.
Peter Quill: She betrayed Ronan, he's coming for her. That's when you...
Drax the Destroyer: ...Why would I want to put my finger on his throat?
Peter Quill: No, that's the symbol for slicing his throat.
Drax the Destroyer: I would not slice his throat, I would cut his head clean off.
Peter Quill: It's a general expression for you killing somebody. You've heard of this. You've seen this, right? You know what that is.
Rocket Raccoon: What did the galaxy ever do for you? Why would you want to save it?
Peter Quill: Because I'm one of the idiots who lives in it!
Peter Quill: What should we do next: Something good, something bad? Bit of both?
Gamora: We'll follow your lead, Star-Lord.
Peter Quill: A bit of both!
Gamora: And Quill, your ship is filthy.
Gamora: Peter Quill: Oh she has no idea. If I had a blacklight, this would look like a Jackson Pollock painting.
Rocket Raccoon: You got issues, Quill.
Gamora: We're just like Kevin Bacon.
Groot: We are Groot.
Gamora: Peter, take my hand!
Ronan: You're mortal! How...
Peter Quill: You said it yourself, bitch. We're the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Gamora: I have lived most of my life surrounded by my enemies. I would be grateful to die surrounded by my friends.
Rhomann Dey: Peter Jason Quill. He's also known as Star-Lord.
Nova Corps Officer: Who calls him that?
Rhomann Dey: Himself, mostly. Wanted mostly on charges of minor assault, public intoxication and fraud...
Peter Quill: Oh, I'm sorry. I don't know how this machine works...
Rhomann Dey: He said that he may be an... "a-hole". But he's not, and I quote, "100% a dick".
Nova Prime Rael: Do you believe him?
Rhomann Dey: Well, I don't know if I believe anyone is 100% a dick...
Nova Prime Rael: Do you believe he's here to help?
Rhomann Dey: ...Yeah, I do.
Rocket Raccoon: We're the fricking Guardians of the Galaxy!
Gamora: You don't get opinions after that nonsense you pulled on Knowhere.
Drax the Destroyer: I just saved Quill!
Peter Quill: We've already established that blowing up the ship I'm on isn't saving me.
Drax the Destroyer: When did we establish that?
Peter Quill: Like three seconds ago!
Drax the Destroyer: Well I wasn't listening then, I was thinking about something else.
Rocket Raccoon: She's right; you don't get opinions.
Peter Quill: So here we are: a thief, two thugs, an assassin and a maniac. But we're not going to stand by as evil wipes out the galaxy. I guess we're stuck together, partners.
Ronan: Citizens of Xandar, behold your guardians of the galaxy! What fruit have they wrought?
Peter Quill: Ooh, child, things are gonna get easier. Ooh child, things will get brighter. You listen to these words. Ooh child, things are gonna get easier. Ooh child things'll get brighter. Then bring it down hard! Someday...
Ronan: What are you doing?
Peter Quill: Dance-off, bro. Me and you.
Peter Quill: Gamora.
Peter Quill: Subtle, taking it back.
Ronan: What are you doing?
Peter Quill: I'm distracting you, you big turd blossom!
Meredith Quill: Dear Peter: I know this will be hard for you, but I'm going somewhere good and nice. But know this: I will always be with you, my angel from heaven, my prince... my Star-Lord.
Peter Quill: He's going to be pissed when he finds out I switched out the orb on him.
Gamora: He's going to kill you, Peter.
Peter Quill: Oh I know. But he's about the only family I have.
Gamora: No... he wasn't.
Star-Lord: Here you go.
Rocket Raccoon: Oh, I was just kidding about the leg. I just need these two things.
Star-Lord: What?
Rocket Raccoon: No, I thought it'd be funny! Was it funny? No, wait, what'd he look like hopping around?
Star-Lord: I had to transfer him 30,000 units!
Rocket Raccoon: Rocket Raccoon: I live for the simple things... like how much this is going to hurt!
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah, writhe, little man.
Drax the Destroyer: I like your knife, I'm keeping it.
Moloka Dar: That was my favorite knife.
Rocket Raccoon: Quit smiling, ya idiot, you're supposed to be professional.
Ronan: I only ask that you take this matter seriously.
Thanos: The only matter I do not take seriously, boy, is you. Your politics bore me! Your demeanor is that of a pouting child. And apparently you alienated my favorite daughter, Gamora. I shall honor our agreement, Kree, if you bring me the Orb. But return to me again empty handed and I will bathe the star-ways with your blood.
Nebula: Thanks, Dad. Sounds fair.
Rocket Raccoon: You idiot! How am I supposed to fight these things without my stuff?
Drax the Destroyer: Creepy little beast!
Rocket Raccoon: Oh yeah!
Drax the Destroyer: This vermin speaks of affairs he knows nothing about!
Rocket Raccoon: That is true!
Drax the Destroyer: He has no respect!
Rocket Raccoon: That is also true! Keep callin' me vermin tough guy, you just want to laugh at me like everyone else!
Peter Quill: Rocket, you're drunk, all right? No one's laughing at you.
Rocket Raccoon: He thinks I'm some stupid thing! He does!
Rocket Raccoon: Well, I didn't ask to get made! I didn't ask to be torn apart and put back together over and over and turned into some little monster!
Peter Quill: Rocket, no one's calling you a monster...
Rocket Raccoon: He called me vermin! She called me rodent! Let's see if you can laugh after five or six good shots in your freakin' face!
Peter Quill: No no no! Four billion units! Rocket, come on man, suck it up for one more lousy night and we're rich.
Rocket Raccoon: Fine, but I can't promise when all of this is over I'm not going to kill every last one of you jerks.
Peter Quill: See, this is exactly why none of you have any friends!
Gamora: You should have learned.
Peter Quill: I don't learn. One of my issues.
Rocket Raccoon: Look at this thing. It thinks it's so cool. It's not cool to ask for help! Walk by yourself, you little gargoyle!
Nebula: Gamora, you've always been weak! You stupid, traitorous...
Drax the Destroyer: No one talks to my friends like that.
Rhomann Dey: They call themselves the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Denarian Saal: What a bunch of a-holes.
Rocket Raccoon: Where's your wife, you old codger?
Nova Prime Rael: The fate of 12 billion people is in your hands.
Peter Quill: Hold on a second, you're being serious right now?
Peter Quill: You're a good looking girl. You should try to be more nice to people.
Denarian Saal: I can't believe I'm taking orders from a hamster.
Rocket Raccoon: Idiot, they're all idiots. Quill just got himself captured.
Rocket Raccoon: None of this would've happened if you hadn't tried to take on an frickin' army!
Drax the Destroyer: You're right. I was a fool. All that anger. All that rage. It just covered my loss.
Rocket Raccoon: "Aww, boo-hoo. My wife and child are dead."
Rocket Raccoon: I don't care if it's mean. Everybody's got dead people! But it makes no excuse to letting everyone else around get killed along the way!
Denarian Saal: What the hell?
Rhomann Dey: Groot: he's been travelling recently as Rocket's personal houseplant slash muscle.
Peter Quill: HEY, HEY, HEY! That's mine! Hey, take those headphones off, right now!
Peter Quill: Hooked on a Feeling, Blue Swede! That song belongs to me!
Star-Lord: Dance-off, bro! Me and you!
Ronan: It's on!
Peter Quill: I was only a kid when I left Earth, and I had no idea what the universe had in store for me.
Drax the Destroyer: Spare me your foul gaze woman!
Thanos: Boy, I would reconsider your current course!
Ronan: You call ME, boy? I will unfurl one thousand years of Kree justice on Xandar and burn it to its core! Then, Thanos, I'm coming for you!
Peter Quill: I come from Earth, a planet of outlaws. My name is Peter Quill. There's one other name you may know me by. Star-Lord.
Gamora: It's time we stand up for what is right.
Nebula: Ha.
Peter Quill: What are you doing?
Drax the Destroyer: This vermin speaks of affairs he knows nothing about!
Rocket Raccoon: That is true!
Drax the Destroyer: He has no respect!
Rocket Raccoon: That is also true!
Yondu Udonta: We're Ravagers, we got a code.
Peter Quill: Yeah, and that code is: steal from everybody.
Meredith Quill: Peter, take my hand...
Howard the Duck: Why'd ya have it lick you like that? Gross!
Rocket Raccoon: Okay, let's see how bad does someone want ya. Forty-thousand units? Groot, we're gonna be rich!
Rocket Raccoon: Oh my...
Rocket Raccoon: There's one more thing we need to complete the plan: that guy's eye!
Peter Quill: No, no, no, we don't need that guy's eye!
Rocket Raccoon: No, seriously, I need it!
Rocket Raccoon: It's important to me...
Peter Quill: If you kill me, you're gonna miss the biggest score you've ever seen.
Yondu Udonta: The Stone? I hope you gotta better idea 'cause no one ain't stealing from Ronan.
Peter Quill: We got a ringer.
Peter Quill: She knows everything there is about Ronan. His ship, how to get in...
Gamora: He's vulnerable.
Peter Quill: So whaddaya think? Me and you, taking down scores, just like old times?
Yondu Udonta: You always had balls, son! That's why we kept you as a youngling!
Peter Quill: Thank you.
Rhomann Dey: I have a wife and child on Xandar. Thanks to you, they're still alive.
One Legged Prisoner: You need my what?
Rocket Raccoon: We don't have any weapons!
Peter Quill: These are mine pods, they're nearly indestructible.
Rocket Raccoon: Not against Necroblasters they're not!
Peter Quill: That's not what I'm saying.
Rocket Raccoon: ...Oh.
Rhomann Dey: Rocket: wanted on over 50 charges of vehicular theft and escape from custody.
Gamora: Your wife and child shall rest well, knowing that you have avenged them.
Drax the Destroyer: Yes. Of course Ronan was only a puppet. It's really Thanos that I need to kill.
Drax the Destroyer: I recognize this animal. We'd roast them over a flame pit as children. Their flesh was quite delicious.
Rocket Raccoon: Not helping!
Peter Quill: If we're gonna work together you might wanna try trusting me a little bit.
Gamora: How much do you trust me?
Rocket Raccoon: YOU'RE... MAKING... ME... BEAT... UP... GRASS!
Rocket Raccoon: You killed Groot!
Nova Prime Rael: Are you telling me that the fate of thirty million inhabitants is in the hands of these criminals?
Groot: I am Groot!
Rocket Raccoon: I know they're the only friends we've ever had!
The Collector: These carriers can use the stone to mow down entire civilisations like wheat in a field.
Peter Quill: There's a little pee coming out of me right now.
Rhomann Dey: Drax: AKA the Destroyer. Since his wife and family were killed, he's been on a rampage across the galaxy in a search for vengeance.
Gamora: Whatever nightmares the future holds are but dreams compared to what's behind me.
Peter Quill: I saw you out there. I don't know what came over me, but I couldn't let you die. I found something inside of myself, something incredibly heroic. I mean, not to brag, but objectively...
Gamora: Where's the orb?
Ronan: Xandar, you stand accused! Your wretched peace treaty will not save you now. It is the tinder on which you burn.
Rocket Raccoon: Can you believe they call us criminals when he's assaulting us with that haircut?
Peter Quill: There's one other name you might know me by... Star Lord.
Korath the Pursuer: ...Who?
Peter Quill: Star Lord, man. Legendary Outlaw.
Peter Quill: ... Guys?
Rhomann Dey: Gamora: soldier, assassin, wanted on over a dozen counts of murder.
Peter Quill: A lot of people has been trying to kill me over the years. I'm not going to be brought down by a tree and a talking raccoon.
Rocket Raccoon: Hold up! What's a raccoon?
Peter Quill: What's a raccoon? You stupid.
Rocket Raccoon: Ain't no thing like me, except me!
Gamora: It's dangerous and illegal work, suitable only for outlaws.
Peter Quill: Well, I come from a planet of outlaws: Billy the Kid, Bonnie and Clyde, John Stamos.
Rocket Raccoon: Let's get something clear! This one here is our booty. You wanna get to him, you go through us... or, more accurately, we go through you!
Watchtower Guard: Prisoner, drop the device immediately and retreat to your cell, or we will open fire!
Groot: I... AM... GROOT!
Watchtower Guard: Fire!
Peter Quill: Oh you wanna talk about senseless? How about trying to save us by blowing us up?
Rocket Raccoon: We were only gonna blow you up if they didn't turn you over.
Peter Quill: And how on earth were they gonna turn us over when you only gave them a count of five?
Rocket Raccoon: Well we didn't have time to work out the minutiae of the plan.
Rocket Raccoon: Move to the watchtower!
Peter Quill: That was a pretty good plan.
Yondu Udonta: Do you got any other cute little buggers like this one? I like to stick 'em all in a row on my control console.
Yondu Udonta: I may be as pretty as an angel, but I sure as hell ain't one.
Drax the Destroyer: You! Man who has lain with an Askervarian!
Peter Quill: It was one time, man.
Ronan: With all due respect, Thanos, your daughter made this mess, and yet you summon ME?
The Other: I would lower my voice, Accuser!
Ronan: First, she lost a battle to some primitive...
The Other: Thanos had put Gamora under your charge!
Ronan: ...then she was apprehended by the Nova Corps...
The Other: You are the one, here, with nothing to show for him!
Ronan: Your sources say she was meant to betray us the whole time!
The Other: Lower your tone! Here you won't bring in your...
Rocket Raccoon: Attention, idiots. The lunatic on top of this craft is holding a Hadron Enforcer, a weapon of my own design.
Yondu Udonta: What the hell?
Rocket Raccoon: If you don't hand over our companions now, he's gonna tear your ship a new one. A very *big* new one.
Nebula: After Xandar, you're going to kill my father?
Ronan: You dare to oppose me?
Nebula: You see what he has turned me into? You kill him and I will help you destroy a thousand planets.
Nova Prime Rael: Ronan is destroying Xandarian outposts throughout the galaxy! I should think that would call for some slight response on the part of the Kree.
Kree Ambassador: We signed your peace treaty, Nova Prime. What more do you want?
Nova Prime Rael: At least a statement from the Kree Empire saying that they condemn his actions. He is slaughtering children, families!
Kree Ambassador: That is your business. Now, I have other matters to attend to.
Nova Prime Rael: Prick!
Gamora: This was my opportunity to get away from Thanos.
Drax the Destroyer: Let us put more of this liquid into our bodies.
Ronan: They call me terrorist, radical, zealot because I obey the ancient laws of my people, the Kree... and punish those who do not. Because I do not forgive your people for taking the life of my father, and his father, and his father before him. A thousand years of war between us will not be forgotten!
The Collector: Carina, get away from that stone! CARINA!
Carina: I will no longer be your slave!
Gamora: We'll follow your lead.
Grandpa: Peter. Your momma wants to speak with you. Come on, Pete, take these fool things off.
Yondu Udonta: Remember, boy. At the end of all this, I get the stone. You cross me, we kill you all.
Bereet: Peter, what happened?
Peter Quill: Oh... hey, um...
Bereet: Bereet!
Peter Quill: Bereet. I'm gonna be totally honest, I forgot you were here.
Nebula: Bring it down!
Gamora: Nebula! Sister, help us fight Ronan. You know he's crazy!
Nebula: I know you're both crazy!
Ronan: The Xandorians and your culture are a disease.
Sacrifice Nova Corpsman: You will never rule Xandar.
Ronan: No. I will cure it!
Gamora: Why is this one here?
Peter Quill: We promised him he could stay by your side until he kills your boss. I always keep my promises when they're to muscle-bound whack-jobs who will kill me if I don't.
Rhomann Dey: Hey! If it isn't Star-Prince.
Peter Quill: Star-Lord
Rhomann Dey: Sorry. "Lord."
Rhomann Dey: I picked this guy up a while back for petty theft. He's got a code name. Yeah. Stay out of the way.
Peter Quill: Come on, man. It's a... It's an outlaw name.
Rhomann Dey: I have a family who are alive because of you. Your criminal records have also been expunged. However, I have to warn you against breaking any laws in the future.
Rocket Raccoon: Question. What if I see something that I want to take, and it belongs to someone else?
Rhomann Dey: Well you will be arrested.
Rocket Raccoon: But what if I want it more than the person who has it?
Rhomann Dey: Still illegal.
Rocket Raccoon: That doesn't follow. No, I want it more, sir. Do you understand?
Rocket Raccoon: What are you laughing at? Why? I can't have a discussion with this gentleman?
Drax the Destroyer: What if someone does something irksome and I decide to remove his spine?
Rhomann Dey: That's... that's actually murder. It's one of the worst crimes of all, so also illegal.
Drax the Destroyer: Hmm.
Nebula: Seal all security doors!
Nebula: Get out of my way!
Rocket Raccoon: Put him in the bag. Put him in the bag!
Rocket Raccoon: No! Not her, him! Learn genders, man.
Drax the Destroyer: Are you not the man this wench attempted to kill?
Peter Quill: Well, I mean, she's hardly the first woman to try and do that to me.
Peter Quill: Look, this is from a smoking-hot Rajak girl. Stabbed me with a fork. Didn't like me skipping out on her at sunrise. I got, right here, a Kree girl tried to rip out my thorax. She caught me with this skinny little A'askavariian who worked in Nova Records. I was trying to get information. You ever see an A'askavariian? They have tentacles, and needles for teeth. If you think I'm seriously interested in that, then... You don't care. But here's the point.
Drax the Destroyer: Cease your yammering and relieve us from this arson confinement.
Yondu Udonta: When I picked you up as a kid, these boys wanted to eat you. They ain't never tasted Terran before. I saved your life!
Peter Quill: Oh, will you shut up about that? God! Twenty years, you've been throwing that in my face, like it's some great thing, not eating me! Normal people don't even think about eating someone else! Much less that person having to be grateful for it! You abducted me, man. You stole me from my home and from my family.
Korath the Pursuer: You don't look like a junker. You're wearing Ravager garb.
Peter Quill: This is just an outfit, man.
Peter Quill: Ninja Turtle, you better stop poking me.
Rocket Raccoon: They crumpled my pants up into a ball. That's rude! They folded yours.
The Collector: Once, for a moment, a group was able to share the energy amongst themselves, but even they were quickly destroyed by it. Beautiful. Beyond compare.
Rocket Raccoon: Blah, blah, blah. We're all very fascinated, whitey. But we'd like to get paid.     