
Deadpool: Zip it, Thanos!
Wade Wilson: Sorry I'm late. There was a bunch of handicapable children stuck in a tree. I had to...
Vanessa: Uh-uh.
Wade Wilson: You're right. I was fighting a caped badass, but then we discovered that his mom is named Martha, too.
Cable: I use a device to slide through time. The longer I travel, the harder it is to control. I got two charges: One to get me here, one to get me home.
Wade Wilson: Well, that's just lazy writing.
Cable: Who are you?
Wade Wilson: I'm Batman.
Firefist: Stay back or Justin Bieber dies!
Deadpool: Ha! Justin Bieber. He called you Justin Bieber.
Cable: Dubstep's for pussies!
Wade Wilson: You're so dark. Are you sure you're not from the DC universe?
Wade Wilson: With this collar on, my superpower is just unbridled cancer. Give me a bow and arrow and I'm basically Hawkeye.
Wade Wilson: I hope we sharpened the cream cheese spreader.
Wade Wilson: I'll be right back. We're definitely naming our kid Cher!
Blind Al: Listen to the pain. It's both history teacher and fortune teller. Pain teaches us who we are, Wade. Sometimes it's so bad we feel like we're dying, but we can't really live until we die a little, can we?
Deadpool: You killed Black Tom, you racist son of a bitch!
Cable: I'm retrieving something from my utility bag.
Weasel: It's a goddamn fanny pack and you know it, you sick son of a bitch! The difference is night and day.
Weasel: And last but not least... Peter.
Deadpool: Any power you wanna tell us about?
Peter: I don't... I don't have one. Um, I just saw the ad.
Deadpool: No superpowers at all?
Peter: Uh, I have both type 1 and 2 diabetes.
Deadpool: Ow! Oh!
Weasel: That's all the diabetes.
Deadpool: Right. Yeah, you got them all. If you find a type 3, let us know. Yeah. You're in.
Deadpool: Hey, big guy, the sun's getting real low.
Deadpool: Can you see it? Do you see that beautiful bright light? There it is.
Deadpool: Oh, that's the sun. Don't stare directly into that.
Cable: You remind me of my wife.
Wade Wilson: I'm sorry?
Cable: I said you remind me...
Wade Wilson: No, I'm sorry that you said that while making heavy eye contact and applying lip balm.
Deadpool: Only best buddies execute pedophiles together.
Cable: There's nothing I can't kill.
Deadpool: Well, as Scoutmaster Kevin used to say... "There's a first time for everything,son." Give me your best shot, One-Eyed Willy.
Deadpool: Those bullets were, like, super fast.
Deadpool: I don't speak Cantonese, Mr...
Deadpool: Well, I'm not even going to attempt that. But I did take eighth grade Spanish, so donde esta la biblioteca? Which literally translates to: I don't bargain, pumpkin-fucker.
Deadpool: I know what you're thinking: "I'm so glad I left the kiddos at home." But that's where you'd be wrong. That babysitter of yours is high as fuck right now. And believe it or not, Deadpool 2 is a family film. True story. And every big family film starts... with a vicious murder. Bambi, The Lion King, Saw 7.
Cable: I was born into war, bred into it. People think they understand pain, but they have no concept of it. What's the most pain you've ever felt? Maybe the kind that leaves you more machine than man.
Deadpool: Wait, no, STOP! What in the actual ass? Dale! Why, why are the visual effects not done? It's a metal arm! It's not like we're trying to remove a mustache! Oh fuck it, I'll do it myself...
Firefist: We need a code.
Domino: Try, uh... seven?
Deadpool: Settle down, Captain Lucky, it's not gonna be one number.
Deadpool: God, that's lazy writing.
Deadpool: Any powers you wanna tell us about? Any, uh...
Peter: No. I don't have one. Um, I just saw the ad. I thought it looked fun.
Deadpool: ...You're in.
Dopinder: FUCK!
Deadpool: So, what exactly do you do in the future, anyway, huh? Some kind of soldier?
Cable: Yeah, something like that.
Deadpool: I was a soldier. Special Forces. I bet fifty years from now we'll be bestest buddies.
Cable: Fifty years from now you'll be very dead. Your entire generation will fuck this planet into a coma.
Deadpool: Boom!
Deadpool: Spoiler alert. Ha ha! Ah, planets.
Domino: Next time Uber.
Cable: Here's a spoiler alert. You're not a fucking hero. You're just an annoying clown dressed up as a sex toy.
Deadpool: Well, I got news for you, my heart is in the right place. Russell's not gonna kill anyone. Because of me, he's gonna know what real love is.
Cable: Because of you, I'll always know what a grown man with baby balls looks like.
Deadpool: I'm a grower, not a shower.
Domino: I should've finished college.
Deadpool: You know what we need to do? We need to build a fucking team. We need 'em tough, morally flexible, and young enough so they can carry this franchise 10-12 years.
Dopinder: My body is an instrument of death.
Deadpool: Not now, Dopinder.
Domino: They're headed into the tunnel.
Deadpool: I'm that kid's only hope, so sit tight and wait for my word.
Domino: Whatever. We're gonna lose 'em. I'm dropping in.
Deadpool: Uh, that's a negative, sole survivor. Luck is not a superpower! We are so fucked!
Deadpool: No, we are most certainly not fucked.
Deadpool: Seriously, I don't get it! What, you shoot luck lasers out your eyes? It's just hard to picture. And certainly not very cinematic. I mean, luck? What coked-out, glass pipe-sucking freakshow comic book artist came up with that little chestnut? Probably a guy who can't draw feet!
Wade Wilson: I loved her. I loved her like an ocean loves water.
Weasel: An ocean is water.
Peter: I don't know much about this Cable fella, but I guarantee you he hasn't killed as many people as melanoma has.
Cable: You're not a fuckin' hero. You're just an annoying clown dressed up as a sex toy.
Firefist: How do you know what I want?
Deadpool: Because I've been inside you. That came out wrong. I've been inside your shoes, which is also off-putting.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: We're X-Men.
Deadpool: No, you're X-People.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: You're X-hausting.
Deadpool: I see what you did there. Puns.
Deadpool: Cable, you get back to your family and you tell them Wade says hi. And promise me, promise me one thing: that you'll start judging people not by the color of the skin but by the content of their character.
Cable: Jesus...
Deadpool: Fuck it. Superhero landing comin' up.
Deadpool: Ooh! Ah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. That is *so* not practical.
Deadpool: I don't know how to thank you, but I do know how to hug you.
Cable: No.
Deadpool: Yes. Here we go. Bring it in.
Deadpool: Come on. Pelvis to pelvis. Let's go tip to tip. There we go, the kids call this docking.
Deadpool: Is there a knife in my dick?
Cable: There's a knife in your dick, yeah.
Wade Wilson: Is it just me or does Do You Wanna Build a Snowman from Frozen sound suspiciously like Papa, Can You Hear Me? from Yentl.
Wade Wilson: Papa, can you hear me?
Wade Wilson: And nobody fucking realizes it.
Blind Al: Sweetheart, can you speak up? It's a little hard to hear you with that pity-dick in your mouth.
Vanessa: Kiss me like you miss me, Red.
Wade Wilson: Well, come here.
Wade Wilson: Don't fuck Elvis.
Vanessa: Don't fuck Colossus.
Wade Wilson: Wait, what?
Black Tom: I'm Black Tom Cassidy.
Wade Wilson: White Wade Wilson.
Juggernaut: I'm gonna rip you in half now.
Deadpool: That is such a Juggernaut thing to say!
Dopinder: I want to fill my soul. I want to belong to something, like you, Pool sir.
Deadpool: Dopinder, you never cease to surprise me. You know, the depth of your heart is extraordinary. We all need a sense of belonging. We all need a genuine sense of home, a place...
Dopinder: I want to become a contract killer.
Deadpool: I'm sorry, what did you say?
Dopinder: Remember when I kidnapped Bandhu and threatened him with great violence?
Deadpool: Yeah, you kinda killed him.
Dopinder: And remember the movie "Interview with the Vampire?"
Deadpool: Don't want to.
Dopinder: When Tom Cruise fed 10-year-old Kirsten Dunst blood for the first time. And she looked up at his smooth, handsome face and said "I want some more." Oh, Pool, picture me, a 10-year-old Kirsten Dunst.
Deadpool: ...I'll never *not* picture that. But I can't wait to never speak of this, as soon as possible.
Weasel: Why wouldn't you cover that up?
Wade Wilson: A warrior has nothing to be ashamed of.
Weasel: Yeah, but you do. I mean, look at you, you're just straight shirt-cocking it? Toddler style?
Wade Wilson: Oh yeah. Full Winnie the Pooh.
Blind Al: The hell's happening? Describe it.
Wade Wilson: I wouldn't ask him to do that if I were you.
Weasel: It's like, um...
Wade Wilson: Here we go.
Weasel: It's like he was giving birth anally but they quit halfway through. They got the legs out and said "You know what? I'm done."
Wade Wilson: Happy?
Weasel: It's like he's a Muppet from the waist down, but this time, you can see the Muppet's dick. Grover's got a cock the size of a...
Dopinder: AH! Oh, no, no, no, DP, not again.
Weasel: This has happened before?
Weasel: Jesus, either vomit or don't. The indecision is killing me.
Blind Al: Why couldn't God take my hearing?
Dopinder: You're my Tom Cruise!
Deadpool: And you're my Kristen Dunst!
Deadpool: Kristen? Kirsten?
Wade Wilson: George Michael was right. I'm never gonna dance again. Fuck! He's dead, too. At least we still have Bowie.
Weasel: Yeah, we still...
Weasel: ... have Bowie.
Deadpool: He's teamed up with the Juggernaut. The Juggernaut! That's, like, my favorite Marvel character ever, but you should never meet your heroes, because honestly, he's a bit of a dick! And like a lot of dicks, he's as hard as a rock, and causes nothing but problems!
Wade Wilson: Isn't that how it always works? Like in Star Wars, men are destined to become their father? And have consensual sex with their sister?
Vanessa: I think you missed big, big chunks of that movie.
Wade Wilson: No, I'm pretty sure Luke nailed her.
Vanessa: Baby, that's Empire.
Cable: The name's Cable! From the future. Just walk away.
Wade Wilson: Oh? So you're from the future? I have three questions, then. One: is dubstep still a thing? Two: which Sharknado are we on? And three: at what point will the audience say "enough with the robotic arms"?
Wade Wilson: It lives up to the hype, *plus plus.*
Weasel: Fuck it. They probably won't even make a 3.
Wade Wilson: Yeah, why would they? Stop at 2, ya killed it!
Deadpool: And that's why "Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" is pure pornography.
Dopinder: Wow!
Domino: I really should have stayed in college...
Firefist: What do you say we go fuck some shit up?
Juggernaut: Let's Fuck Some Shit Up is my legal middle name.
Buck: According to the Kübler-Ross model, denial is just one of the five stages of grief.
Wade Wilson: Jesus Christ, Buck. No more speaking lines for you.
Deadpool: Oh shit, that fucking does it!
Deadpool: Put your hands behind your knees and get down on your head now!
Deadpool: Four or five moments. That's all it takes to be a hero. People think you wake up a hero, brush your teeth a hero, ejaculate into a soap dispenser a hero. But now, being a hero, it's only a few moments. Few moments doing the ugly stuff no one else will do.
Tenors, Basses: You can't stop him / Ah-ah-ah-ah / You can't stop this / Motherfucker!
Sopranos, Altos: Holy... shitballs... / Holy... shitballs... / Holy... shitballs... / Holy... shitballs... / Holy... shitballs... / Holy... shitballs...
Deadpool: What do you get when you take 8-feet of chrome, one pinch of courage, a cup of good luck, a dab of racism, a splash of diabetes, and a wheelbarrow of stage 4 cancer? Answer: A family. See? I didn't lie what kind of film this was. If there's anything you take away today - other than the need to google "what the fuck is dubstep" - it's that we all need to belong to someone.
Deadpool: As a former X-Man...
Bedlam: Trainee.
Deadpool: Thank you, Bedlam. I was always appalled by the blatant sexism in the group's name. X-Men? *Men*? The point is, our group will be forward-thinking. Gender neutral. From now on, we'll be known as... X-Force.
Domino: Isn't that a little derivative?
Deadpool: I don't recall asking your opinion, Peter.
Peter: ...That wasn't me.
Weasel: Meet Bedlam.
Deadpool: Cool name. Superpowers?
Bedlam: I can distort electrical fields. Including the one inside your brain, causing anxiety, confusion, pain.
Deadpool: So, basically, you're Dave Matthews.
Deadpool: You know what? Doing the right thing is sometimes messy, and fucked up, and not particularly convenient. So, stay here in Chateau de Virgin while we go get our fuck on!
Wade Wilson: I hope the Academy is watching.
Zeitgeist: I'm Zeitgeist.
Deadpool: Cool. I'd like to say you have the power to put your finger on the... pulse of society?
Zeitgeist: No... No, I spit acidic vomit.
Deadpool: Oh.
Zeitgeist: You want me to demonstrate?
Deadpool: No, thank you.
Weasel: We'll take your word for it.
Deadpool: Yeah, listen, we've all eaten at Arby's. Okay?
Deadpool: Good news and bad news. Bad news is the whole team is dead. The good news is I don't think anyone is gonna miss Shatterstar, he was a bit of a prick.
Colossus: Pick on someone your own size!
Deadpool: That's such a you thing to say. Go get 'em, tiger! Big CGI fight comin' up!
Firefist: Tomorrow, we find the biggest guy in here... and we'll make him our bi...
Firefist: What was that?
Wade Wilson: That is the biggest guy in here. Fun fact about the Ice Box, no one's ever seen it, they keep a monster in the basement. Right next to a
Wade Wilson: huge, steaming ball of foreshadowing.
Deadpool: Tell me they got that in slow-motion...
Buck: You know what "fine" stands for, Wade? Fucked up, insecure, needy, and emotional.
Deadpool: Fuck Wolverine. First he rides my coattails with the R-rating, and then, that hairy motherfucker ups the ante by dying. What a dick. Well, guess what, Wolvie? I'm dying in this one, too.
Colossus: We have rules. You are not judge, jury or executioner.
Deadpool: Fuck your rules! I fight for what's right, and sometimes you gotta fight dirty.
Deadpool: Say fuck for me. Just once. Come on, we'll do it together. It's no big deal. Here we go, 1-2-3. Fu... fu...
Colossus: Fuck.
Deadpool: Wow. Enjoy hell, smut mouth.
Wade Wilson: I'm gonna go make desert. You get the strap-on, and let's make a superbaby.
Vanessa: Pretty sure it doesn't work that way, but we can try.
Dopinder: I could be of great use.
Wade Wilson: What's your superpower?
Dopinder: Courage.
Wade Wilson: That's adorable.
Weasel: Do you have the courage to check and see if there are enough sanitary napkins in the DISPENSER?
Dopinder: Yes.
Deadpool: In every film, there's a moment when the hero hits rock bottom. In "Cool Runnings," it was when John Candy's prized bobsled broke. In "Human Centipede," it was when those people signed on to be in that movie. But in this film, well, you're looking at it. Rock, meet Bottom.
Wade Wilson: Is that a fanny pack? I used to have one of those in nineteen-ninety-never.
Deadpool: Oh, well that's... that's just the most... beautiful thing that I've- I don't know what this is.
Vanessa: My IUD.
Deadpool: ...A bomb?
Vanessa: No, dip-for-brains, my birth control device.
Wade Wilson: Woodpecker... Gingivitis... Cuntpop... Do you wanna build a snowman?
Colossus: What are you doing?
Deadpool: My job. You're the one who said I was ready, and I frankly disagreed with you. But here we are, trying to overcome our differences. Like Beyoncé says: please...
Deadpool: please stop cheating on me.
Wolverine: Wade, is that you?
Wolverine: I guess Stryker finally figured out how to shut you up.
Deadpool: Hey, it's me! Don't scratch! Just cleaning up the timelines! Look, eventually, you're going to hang up the claws, and it's gonna make a lot of people very sad.
Wolverine: Huh?
Deadpool: But one day, your old pal Wade's gonna ask you to get back in the saddle again.
Deadpool: And when he does, say yes.
Wolverine: Oh, right.
Deadpool: I love you.
Deadpool: Go home, Sugar Bear, go home.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: Wade, Yukio. Yukio, Wade.
Wade Wilson: What the fuck knuckles is this?
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: She's my girlfriend, you intolerant shit.
Wade Wilson: Whoa! Pump the hate brakes, Fox and Friends. I'm just surprised anyone would date you, especially Pinkie Pie from My Little Pony.
Yukio: I like this guy.
Deadpool: Hands off that kid, John Conner!
Juggernaut: Now I'm gonna shove the red guy up the old guy.
Deadpool: I believe him!
Deadpool: Tell me they got that in slow motion.
Deadpool: Maybe the wind can't blow what it can't see.
Deadpool: Really?
Wade Wilson: Sorry I'm late. There was a bunch of handicapable children stuck in a tree and I had to, uh...
Vanessa: Uh-uh.
Wade Wilson: You're right. I was fighting a caped badass. But then we discovered his mom is named Martha, too.
Vanessa: No.
Wade Wilson: You got me. I was rounding up all the gluten in the world and launching it into space where it can't not hurt us ever again.
Vanessa: Try again.
Wade Wilson: Diarrhea? We can't be sure until I get this suit off but, uh, all signs point to yes. Traffic? Hmm?
Vanessa: Kiss me like you miss me, Red.
Juggernaut: Knock knock.
Weasel: Go home. You've been here for three days, okay? You smell like somebody shit in a civil war wound after it'd become gangrenous. They should've just amputated it, why shit in it? Doesn't make any sense.
Deadpool: Let's go get our fuck on!
Deadpool: Is this Heaven?
Vanessa: Now it is.
Wade Wilson: The asshole who killed Vanessa got away.
Colossus: Wade, whoever they are, we'll track them down, and bring them to justice.
Wade Wilson: It was me. I'm the asshole who got away. I've killed every last one of them, except me. I couldn't kill me.
Wade Wilson: We were going to start a family. We were, uh... We were gonna be a family...
Colossus: Wade, Vanessa is gone. She's not coming back. This might not be the family you want, but it's the family you need. You have a good heart. It belongs here, where it can grow.
Wade Wilson: What did you say? About my heart?
Wade Wilson: I think I'm in the right place.
Vanessa: Kids give us a chance of being better than we used to be. He needs you.
Dopinder: Oh, I shit my pants.
Deadpool: Actually, that may have been me.
Deadpool: That's okay. Let me see here. Oh, gosh. That's why you're such a little bastard. No one's ever changed you. Yeah, you got a big, old stinky in there, don't you? God, it smells like Hitler's anus, which... which would make sense, wouldn't it? Yeah.
Deadpool: I think we both know I don't have what it takes to do this, so I'm just gonna change your diaper real quick, and then I'm gonna come back with my friend Cable. He loves killing kids.
Deadpool: Gimme your best shot, One-Eyed Willie!
Deadpool: ... Ow.
Colossus: Come quietly, or there will be trouble.
Firefist: You stole that from Robocop!
Deadpool: That's from Robocop! Just stand down! You're embarrassing me.
Deadpool: Taking the hands out of the guns of the criminals!
Deadpool: Hello, superpower.
Blind Al: Sweetheart, could you speak up? I can't hear you with that pity dick in your mouth.
Deadpool: Boy, howdy. Hi. This is a toughie. Yeesh. Oh, yes. You're already practicing your little salute, huh? Yes, you are. Well, we'll take care of that, won't we?
Deadpool: Jesus Christ! This is so much tougher than I thought. Oh-ho.
Deadpool: Oh, I'm going to hell.
Deadpool: That makes two of us.
Deadpool: You can do this.
Deadpool: This is crazy. This is crazy. This is crazy. This is crazy. All right.
Deadpool: Maximum effort.
Deadpool: Juggernaut! I should've worn the white pants!
Deadpool: I made mistakes! I wanna take them back! You trusted me. I took that trust... and turned it into a glory hole in an airport bathroom. The one in Minneapolis. You know the one.
Deadpool: But even you know I'm not a complete piece of shit! I was once an X-Man!
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: Trainee!
Deadpool: You're still using my Velcro labels. Aw.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: They do stick better than tape.
Yukio: Hi Wade!
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: Please don't.
Colossus: Say whatever it is you're here to say. Make it quick.
Deadpool: Right. Quick. It's the kid. Just like you, I let him down. And just like me, he's never had anyone sacrifice anything for him because the whole world wrote him off as a piece of shit a long time ago. Look, he's teamed up with the Juggernaut!
Deadpool: The Juggernaut! Who's, like, my favorite Marvel character ever-
Deadpool: And hi Yukio! That was really nice of you to say hi, so I'm gonna say hi back. You guys make a super cute couple. Yeah. Where was I?
Deadpool: Oh, yeah. You should never meet your heroes because, honestly, he's a bit of a dick! And like most dicks, he's hard as a rock and causes nothing but problems! Look, you can stop the Juggernaut. I know you can!
Colossus: Do you know what would happen to me if I helped you? I would be disgraced. You are a criminal, a fugitive. But worst of all, you broke my heart, Wade.
Deadpool: Then, you know what? Your heart's in the wrong place, big guy. Doing the right thing is sometimes messy and fucked up, and not particularly convenient! So stay here in Chateau de Virgin while we go get our fuck on!
Deadpool: What's your superpower? Cultural appropriation?
Domino, Weasel: I only do over the pants mouth stuff!
Domino: Lady Luck, take the wheel.
Deadpool: Fuck
Firefist: Damn, it feels good to be a gangsta!
Fred Savage: Gotta prefer Marvel movies.
Deadpool: We are Marvel.
Fred Savage: Yeah, but you're, you know, Marvel licensed by Fox. It's kinda like if the Beatles were produced by Nickelback. It's music, but it sucks.
Deadpool: You were nicer as a kid!
Deadpool: Just once, I gonna to find a planet where people are worse than me at everything, a whole bunch of functional idiots. I'm gonna go there and be their Superman.
Weasel: Isn't that Canada?
Deadpool: You shut your goddamn trash mouth!
Deadpool: What's Juggernaut got that I don't got? Don't you say legs! I know you're gonna say legs!
Firefist: Legs!
Deadpool: Still hurts to hear out loud!
Cable: Why are you protecting the kid?
Deadpool: I don't give a fuck about him and his Are You My Mother complex!
Firefist: You're about to get dick-slapped!
Deadpool: Whoo! Do not go in there!
Juggernaut: I'm gonna shove that cab driver right up your ass.
Dopinder: My body and my hands are so soft.
Colossus: We should go before Fuckernaut wakes up.
Vanessa: You better pump a baby into me cowboy!
Deadpool: Showtime Mama!
Colossus: Wade! What was the first rule?
Deadpool: Label everything in the refrigerator!
Deadpool: Rules were meant to be broken
Colossus: That's the exact opposite of what they're meant for!
Juggernaut: I'm gonna melt you down and make a cock ring.
Deadpool: Zip it, black Black Widow!
Weasel: I'll tell you why I'm here. "The Time Traveler's Wife's" husband beat me within an inch of my life. He was torturing me! But all I told him was everything he wanted to know. So, I'm here to help us gear up so we can go after him without me.
Deadpool: New plan: use all of your imaginary powers to stop Cable!
Domino: Where is he? I can't see him.
Deadpool: He's on top of you! He's going in through the back! OH GOD, HE'S INSIDE!
Domino: You hear yourself, right?
Deadpool: Accidental double entendres!
Weasel: Meet...
Domino: "Domino."
Deadpool: What's your shtick?
Domino: I'm lucky.
Deadpool: That's not a superpower.
Domino: Yeah it is.
Deadpool: No it isn't.
Domino: Yes, it is.
Deadpool: No it isn't.
Domino: Yeah, it is.
Deadpool: No, it isn't.
Domino: Yeah it is!
Deadpool: No it isn't.
Domino: No it isn't.
Deadpool: Yes, it is.
Domino: Told you.
Deadpool: GAH! Get outta my head!
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: How something so small generates enough energy to reverse time is...
Deadpool: Oh, just fix it, Eleven, or I'll take it to the Genius Bar.
Yukio: Cable's gonna kill you when he finds out.
Deadpool: Never heard of him.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: Why do you think I'm helping him?
Deadpool: The Lord works in mysterious ways, don't I? A good day.
Yukio: Bye, Wade!
Deadpool: Bye, Yukio!
Yukio: That was probably a bad idea.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead: What have we done?
Ryan Reynolds: You're in the big leagues now, kid!
Deadpool: You're welcome, Canada.
Deadpool: You time-sliding son of a bitch. You did this for me? Wait, you can't go back. You used the last of your fuel. What about your girl and your wife?
Cable: No, my family's safe. And I didn't do it for you. No, I'm gonna stick around for a while and make sure the world doesn't shit itself into oblivion.
Deadpool: No, you did it for me.
Cable: No, I didn't.
Deadpool: You did.
Cable: No, I didn't.
Deadpool: Pretty sure you did.
Cable: No, I'm positive I didn't.
Deadpool: Fine. Alright, let's flip a coin, okay? Heads, you did it for me. Tails, you did it for me.
Deadpool: I'm not even gonna look because you did it for me.
Cable: Say it again.
Deadpool: You did it for me.
Cable: Jesus.
Deadpool: We're definitely naming our kid Cher!
Deadpool: Well, I guess we found something you're not better at.
Deadpool: Peter!
Peter: Whoo! X-Force!
Deadpool: Walk away! Just walk away!
Peter: But we're X-Force!
Deadpool: Nope! We're not. X-Force is just a marketing tool designed by Fox executives to keep Josh Brolin employed. It doesn't exist.
Peter: All right, well, this has been pretty scary! And I need to feed my cat!
Deadpool: Go home, Sugarbear. Go home.
Peter: Okay. Will you give Domino my email?
Dopinder: I want some more.
Deadpool: I bet you do, Brown Panther.
Deadpool: Oh my God! Juggernaut! I thought that was you! I should've worn my white pants.
Deadpool: Go get 'em, tiger! Big CGI fight comin' up!
Wolverine: Wade, is that you?
Wolverine: I guess Stryker finally figured out how to shut you up
Wolverine: .
Deadpool: Hey! It's me! Don't scratch! Just tidying up the timeline.
Deadpool: Love you.     