
Trainee officer: Hey, Coordinator!
Capitão Nascimento: Yes, my sir?
Trainee officer: Soldier 05 is sleeping.
Capitão Nascimento: Hey Soldier 05!
André Matias: Yes, sir?
Capitão Nascimento: Please take this.
Capitão Nascimento: Hey 05, if you drop this granade you will make the whole place explode. You will blow up ALL of your colleagues, you will blow up all of my auxiliaries, and YOU will make myself explode. Will the sir fall asleep again?
André Matias: No sir!
Capitão Nascimento: We are all trusting you, sir.
Capitão Nascimento: 23, you're not wearing your strap?
Trainee officer: N-no sir...
Capitão Nascimento: We're this far into training and you forget to put your strap on. You mean your partner falls wounded, what you gonna do, throw your rifle on the ground?
Trainee officer: No sir...
Capitão Nascimento: Gonna shove it up your ass?
Trainee officer: No sir...
Capitão Nascimento: So put the fucking strap!
Capitão Nascimento: Ask to leave!
Capitão Nascimento: Put your face here. Put your face here. You see this, you see this hole right here? Who killed this guy here? WHO KILLED THIS GUY HERE?
Student: I didn't see it...
Capitão Nascimento: You didn't see OF COURSE YOU SAW IT. SAY IT! SAY IT!
Capitão Nascimento: SAY IT! Who killed this guy here? WHO DID IT?
Student: I-it was one of you...
Capitão Nascimento: THE FUCK "One of you"! THE FUCK "One of you"!
Capitão Nascimento: YOU killed this guy here.
Capitão Nascimento: You faggot. It's you who help fund this shit
Capitão Nascimento: . You fucking pothead! You shit! All of this shit happens because of you.
Capitão Nascimento: We come up here to clean this mess you make, you faggot!
Baiano: ... N-not in the face, boss.
Capitão Nascimento: Say what?
Baiano: Don't shoot my f-face, you'll ruin my funeral...
Capitão Nascimento: Soldier 07, hand me the 12-gauge.
Baiano: Please no, boss...
Capitão Nascimento: Do him, he's yours.
Coronel Otávio: Trainee, you're gonna do this report again. Look at this: "Body was found at the beach". Deaths at the beach, my son, are tallied as "drownings".
André Matias: But Commandant, the body had a bullet perforation.
Coronel Otávio: And are you a coroner now?
Capitão Nascimento: Mr. 02, you'll never make it through this course, you know why? It's not because you are fucking weak and have no fiber. It's because you're a crooked cop, Mr. 02, and to wear this badge
Capitão Nascimento: you gotta have character. You don't belong here, Mr. 02, you belong with the hookers and the pimps, Mr. 02. You belong with the abortion clinics. Crooked cops don't join BOPE, Mr. 02.
Capitão Nascimento: Sheriff, how many minutes does your team need to eat?
Neto: Sir, maybe 10 minutes, Sir.
Capitão Nascimento: 10 Minutes, Sheriff? SHERIFF, YOU ARE A BUFFOON, SHERIFF! Your team will eat in 10 seconds, Sheriff...
Capitão Nascimento: ... And in 10 seconds I want this ground CLEAN, Sheriff.
Police oficer: "Dagger to the skull and nothing to the wallet."
14: 01, I think I can kill two rabbits with one strike here...
Capitão Nascimento: That's 100%, 14?
14: "Skull" my captain.
Capitão Nascimento: Pedal to the metal.
14: Capitão Nascimento: Take off this black uniform because you don't deserve it! Take it off!
Capitão Nascimento: You're not a "skull", you're a kid!
Capitão Nascimento: Nobody's going up! Nobody's going up!
Trainee officer: Men in black what is it that you do?
Student: I do things that scare even Satan himself!
Trainee officer: Men in black what is your mission?
Student: Get into the slam and leave corpses on the ground!     