
Jason Bourne: Thanks for the ride.
Marie: Any time.
Jason Bourne: Well, you can come up, and you can... or you could wait here. I - I can go check it out, but you could wait...
Marie: Uh, no, no...
Jason Bourne: You could wait...
Marie: ...no, no!
Marie: Um, with you, you would probably just forget about me if I... stayed... here.
Jason Bourne: How could I forget about you?
Jason Bourne: You're the only person I know.
Jason Bourne: Who has a safety deposit box full of money and six passports and a gun? Who has a bank account number in their hip? I come in here, and the first thing I'm doing is I'm catching the sightlines and looking for an exit.
Marie: I see the exit sign, too. I'm not worried. I mean, you were shot. People do all kinds of weird and amazing stuff when they are scared.
Jason Bourne: I can tell you the license plate numbers of all six cars outside. I can tell you that our waitress is left-handed and the guy sitting up at the counter weighs two hundred fifteen pounds and knows how to handle himself. I know the best place to look for a gun is the cab or the gray truck outside, and at this altitude, I can run flat out for a half mile before my hands start shaking. Now why would I know that? How can I know that and not know who I am?
The Professor: Look at this. Look at what they make you give.
Marie: Do you have ID?
Jason Bourne: Not really.
Jason Bourne: What happened?
Marie: Nothing.
Jason Bourne: Did something go wrong?
Marie: I've got the records. This guy at the front desk was smiling at me, so I thought, all this trouble, maybe it's easier to just ask for them.
Jason Bourne: You have the bill?
Marie: He made me a photocopy.
Jason Bourne: You just asked for it?
Marie: I said I was Mr. Kane's personal assistant.
Jason Bourne: Oh. Okay. Good thinking.
Jason Bourne: So...
Marie: What?
Jason Bourne: ...we got a bump coming up.
Jason Bourne: Who am I?
Conklin: You're U.S. Government property. You're a malfunctioning $30 million weapon. You're a total goddamn catastrophe, and by God, if it kills me, you're going to tell me how this happened.
Conklin: Let's ask Marie what she wants to do.
Jason Bourne: Actually, I don't think she gives a shit. She's dead.
Conklin: I'm sorry to hear that. How did that happen?
Jason Bourne: She was slowing me down.
Jason Bourne: Vertel me wie ik ben. (Tell me who I am.)
Jason Bourne: I don't want to do this anymore.
Conklin: I don't think that's a decision you can make.
Jason Bourne: Jason Bourne is dead, you hear me? He drowned two weeks ago. You're gonna go tell 'em that Jason Bourne is dead, you understand?
Conklin: Where are you gonna go?
Jason Bourne: I swear to God, if I even feel somebody behind me, there is no measure to how fast and how hard I will bring this fight to your doorstep. I'm on my own side now.
Marie: I guess you're not home.
Jason Bourne: Look, I'm... you're acting like I'm trying to burn you here. I'm just trying to do the right thing.
Marie: Nobody does the right thing.
Jason Bourne: You sent me to kill Wombosi.
Conklin: Kill Wombosi? We can do that any time we want. I can send Nikki to do that, for Chrissakes. Mr. Wombosi was supposed to be dead three weeks ago. He was supposed to have died in a way where the only possible explanation was that he'd been murdered by a member of his own entourage. I don't send you to kill. I send you to be invisible. I send you because you don't exist.
Jason Bourne: You move, you die.
Conklin: Bourne.
Jason Bourne: Gun down.
The Professor: I work alone, like you. We always work alone.
Jason Bourne: I told you to come alone, but I guess that was too hard. So try this - I'm gone.
Jason Bourne: Who are you? Are you Treadstone?
Conklin: Am I Treadstone? Me? What the hell are you talking about?
Conklin: He's lost it!
Marie: What are you looking at?
Jason Bourne: I heard you inside.
Marie: What?
Jason Bourne: The consulate. I heard you talking? I thought maybe we could help each other.
Marie: How's that?
Jason Bourne: You need money. I need a ride outta here.
Marie: I'm not running a car service just now, thank you.
Jason Bourne: I'll give you ten thousand dollars for driving me to Paris.
Marie: What, do you think I am, a fool?
Jason Bourne: You'd be a fool not to take it.
Marie: What is this, a joke? Some kind of scam?
Jason Bourne: No, it's no scam.
Jason Bourne: And I'll give you another ten when we get there.
Marie: Jesus.
Marie: Is that for you?
Jason Bourne: Look. You drive, I pay, it's that simple.
Marie: Scheisse. I got enough trouble, okay?
Jason Bourne: Okay. Can I have my money back?
Conklin: Where's your field box?
Nicolette: It's right there. The system's gone haywire. That's this window right here.
Nicolette: ...Dining room window? Damn, the phones are dead.
Nicolette: It's Bourne, isn't it?
Jason Bourne: I don't wanna know who I am any more.
Marie: Shh.
Jason Bourne: I don't care. I don't wanna know.
Marie: Come on, we'll...
Jason Bourne: Everything I found out, I wanna forget.
Marie: It's okay.
Jason Bourne: I don't care who I am or what I did.
Marie: It's okay.
Jason Bourne: We have this money. We can hide. Could we do that? Is there any chance you can do that?
Marie: I don't know. Come on.
Jason Bourne: Whatever we do, we have to do it together. We have to be...
Marie: We? The only thing we had in common was that neither one of us knew who you were! We are past that now.
Jason Bourne: Marie! Listen to me! The police will find us, and the people who took that picture in the Embassy, the people who killed Wombosi, they are going to come here and they are gonna kill us.
Marie: The people you work for!
Jason Bourne: I will take you wherever you need to go. I will take you there; I will leave you there. You can do whatever you want, you never have to see me again. But not here. If we stay here, we die.
Nicolette: He killed our man.
Conklin: What, in the apartment?
Nicolette: Yeah.
Conklin: Well, you got to clean that up.
Nicolette: No, I can't clean it up; there's a body in the streets.
Conklin: So?
Nicolette: There's police. This is Paris.
Ward Abbott: Can you really bring him in?
Conklin: I think we're past that, don't you? What, do you have a better idea?
Ward Abbott: Well, so far, you've given me nothing but a trail of collateral damage from Zurich to Paris. I don't think I could do much worse.
Conklin: Well, why don't you go upstairs and book a conference room. Maybe you can talk him to death.
Marie: He went out the window... why would someone do that?
Marie: ...it was amazing. It was just amazing for about three months, until it turned out that this uh, jerk, who had fronted us the lease was actually shining everyone on and...
Jason Bourne: And what?
Marie: What do you mean, what? Listen to me; I, I've been speed talking for about sixty kilometers now. I, I talk when I'm nervous, I mean, I, I talk like this when I'm nervous. I'm gonna shut up now.
Giancarlo: What's this? You tie these knots? So it starts to come back, huh?
Jason Bourne: No, it doesn't start to come back. The knot's like everything else, I just found the rope and I did it. The same way I can, I can read, I can write. I can add, subtract. I can make coffee. I can shuffle cards. I can set up a chessboard.
Conklin: We've been sleeping down there. Believe me, we're doing everything we can.
Ward Abbott: And you don't let me know this?
Conklin: You never wanted to before.
Ward Abbott: You never made a mistake before.
Nykwana Wombosi: If you are going to kill me, kill me dead!
Conklin: Great police work, really brilliant! Why don't they just hang out a banner that says "Don't come back"! Jesus Christ. What is the French word for 'stake-out', huh?
Conklin: Now Jason, this only goes two ways. Either you come in and let us make this right, or we're going to have to keep going until we're satisfied.
Conklin: You're worried about a budget meeting? If we don't take care of this, we don't make it to the men's room. Is that clear enough for you? We will burn for this. We will both of us burn.
Conklin: I want Bourne in a body bag by sundown.
Marie: Who pays $20,000 for a ride to Paris?
Conklin: What is the French word for "stakeout," huh?
Conklin: You're asking me a direct question? I thought you never were going to do that. You never wanted to before.     