
Police Lieutenant: Well, Denham, the airplanes got him.
Carl Denham: Oh no, it wasn't the airplanes. It was beauty killed the beast.
Captain Englehorn: He says, "Look at the golden woman."
Carl Denham: Yeah, blondes are scarce around here.
Jack Driscoll: Hey... I guess I love you.
Carl Denham: Some big, hardboiled egg gets a look at a pretty face and bang, he cracks up and goes sappy!
Carl Denham: Why, the whole world will pay to see this.
Captain Englehorn: No chains will ever hold that.
Carl Denham: We'll give him more than chains. He's always been king of his world, but we'll teach him fear. We're millionaires, boys. I'll share it with all of you. Why, in a few months, it'll be up in lights on Broadway: Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World.
Carl Denham: Don't be alarmed, ladies and gentlemen. Those chains are made of chrome steel.
Ann Darrow: Do you always take the pictures yourself?
Carl Denham: Ever since a trip I made to Africa. I'd have got a swell picture of a charging rhino, but the cameraman got scared. The darn fool, I was right there with a rifle! Seems he didn't trust me to get the rhino before it got him. I haven't fooled with a cameraman since; I do it myself.
Charles Weston: Say, is this the moving picture ship?
Watchman: The Venture? Yeah. Are you going on this crazy voyage?
Charles Weston: What's crazy about it?
Carl Denham: Listen, there are dozens of girls in this town tonight that are in more danger than they'll ever see with me.
Jack Driscoll: Yeah, but they know that kind of danger.
Carl Denham: And now, ladies and gentlemen, before I tell you any more, I'm going to show you the greatest thing your eyes have ever beheld. He was a king and a god in the world he knew, but now he comes to civilization merely a captive - a show to gratify your curiosity. Ladies and gentlemen, look at Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World.
Theatre Patron: Say, what is it, anyhow?
Theatre Patron: I hear it's a kind of a gorilla.
Theatre Patron: Gee - ain't we got enough of them in New York?
Carl Denham: It's money and adventure and fame. It's the thrill of a lifetime and a long sea voyage that starts at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
Ann Darrow: I thought you didn't like woman?
Jack Driscoll: Yeah, but you're not woman.
Carl Denham: Wait a minute, what about Kong?
Jack Driscoll: Well, what about him?
Carl Denham: We can here to get a moving picture, and we've found something worth more than all the movies in the world!
Captain Englehorn: What?
Carl Denham: We've got those gas bombs. If we can capture him alive...
Jack Driscoll: Why, you're crazy. Besides that, he's on a cliff where a whole army couldn't get at him.
Carl Denham: Yeah, if he stays there...
Carl Denham: but we've got something he wants.
Jack Driscoll: Yeah. Something he won't get again.
Theatre Patron: I can't sit so close to the screen; it hurts my eyes.
Usher: This isn't a moving picture, ma'am.
Theatre Patron: What? But Mr. Denham makes those pictures with those darling lions and tigers and things.
Usher: This is more in the nature of a personal appearance, ma'am.
Theatre Patron: Well I never... thought I was gonna see something.
Carl Denham: You act as if I've never brought anybody back alive! Look at the Captain and first mate - - they've gone on several of my last missions, and they don't look any the worse for wear.
Jack Driscoll: Yeah - - we're healthy!
Carl Denham: Holy mackerel! What a show!
Carl Denham: Listen - I'm going out and make the greatest picture in the world. Something that nobody's ever seen or heard of. They'll have to think up a lot of new adjectives when I come back.
Carl Denham: Holy mackrel, do you think I want to take a woman along?
Charles Weston: Then why?
Carl Denham: Because the public - bless 'em - must have a pretty face.
Carl Denham: Hey, wouldja' look at that...
Captain Englehorn: Natives running through the village.
Carl Denham: Yeah... looks like the night before election.
Skull Island nation leader: Malem me pakeno!
Jack Driscoll: Say... I think I love you.
Carl Denham: I see you've put on the "Beauty and the Beast" costume!
Ann Darrow: Uh, huh... it's the prettiest!
Jack Driscoll: What do you call that thing?
Carl Denham: Something from the dinosaur family.
Jack Driscoll: Dinosaur, eh?
Carl Denham: Yes, Jack; a prehistoric beast.
Carl Denham: Throw your arms across your eyes and scream, Ann. Scream for your life!
Ann Darrow: Don't you think the skipper's a sweet old lamb?
Jack Driscoll: Ha ha ha! I'd hate to have him hear me say that!
Sailor: Hey, look out, it's Kong! Kong's comin'!
Carl Denham: Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute; he thinks you're attacking the girl...
Reporter: Aw, let him roar, it's a swell picture...
Carl Denham: I'm gonna go out and find a girl for my picture - even if I hafta' *marry* one.
Carl Denham: Whaddaya think of that wall, Skipper?
Captain Englehorn: Colossal; might almost be Egyptian.
Carl Denham: Yeah, but what's on the other side of that wall; that's what I wanna find out.
Theatre Patron: Say, what's Denham got, anyway?
Another theatre patron: Well, it better be good after all this ballyhoo!
Charlie: Skipper, look what I find.
Captain Englehorn: A native bracelet!
Charlie: Crazy black man been here.
Carl Denham: Well, Skipper, there she is... Skull Mountain, the wall... everything just like on my funny little map.
Charlie: All hand on deck! Everybody on deck! Everybody on deck! All hand on deck! Everybody on deck! Everybody on deck!
Carl Denham: Why, you wouldn't follow that beast alone?
Jack Driscoll: Someone's got to stay on his trail while it's hot!
Carl Denham: Keep those guns cocked.
Crew member: He's tellin' us.
Crew member: I'd hate to have that thing wrapped around me.
Captain Englehorn: Serve out the rifles! Man the boats!
Captain Englehorn: And you expect to photograph it?
Carl Denham: If it's there, you bet I'll photograph it!
Jack Driscoll: Suppose it doesn't like having its picture taken?
Carl Denham: Well, now you know why I brought along those cases of gas bombs
Jack Driscoll: There's one thing we haven't thought of...
Police Lieutenant: What?
Jack Driscoll: Airplanes. If he should put Ann down, and they can fly close enough to pick him off without hitting her...
Police Lieutenant: You're right! Planes! Call the field!
Carl Denham: Hey, come back with those bombs, you s...
Policeman: Send the riot squad and ambulances! Kong has escaped!
Carl Denham: What's that?
Captain Englehorn: Must be the Witch Doctor. He says the ceremony is spoiled because we've seen it.
Carl Denham: Well, calm the old boy down! What's the word for friend?
Captain Englehorn: Bala.
Captain Englehorn: Bala; bala.
Skull Island nation leader: Punya!
Captain Englehorn: No chains will ever hold *that*.
Carl Denham: Oh, don't worry; we've knocked some of the fight out of him since the last time you saw him.
Jack Driscoll: Aw, they're just up to some of their evil tricks.     