
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: Why, you speak treason!
Robin Hood: Fluently.
Will Scarlett: I'm tired.
Robin Hood: What? After a nice refreshing sleep in the green wood?
Will Scarlett: I pulled seven acorns out of my ribs.
Robin Hood: Lovely, fresh air...
Will Scarlett: My teeth ache with chattering.
Robin Hood: Nightingales singing...
Will Scarlett: An owl hooting in my ear.
Robin Hood: Hooting? He was singing you to sleep!
Little John: It'll take all the deer in Sherwood Forest to fill that belly!
Friar Tuck: And twice that to fill your empty head!
King Richard: What about you Robin?
Robin Hood: My sword is yours, sire, now and always.
King Richard: Is there nothing England's king can grant the outlaw who showed him his duty to his country?
Robin Hood: Yes, your majesty: a pardon for the men of Sherwood.
King Richard: Granted with all my heart!
King Richard: But, uh, is there nothing for yourself?
Robin Hood: There's but one thing else, sire.
King Richard: And, uh, do you too wish...?
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: More than anything in the world, sire.
King Richard: Kneel, Robin Hood.
King Richard: Arise Robin, Baron of Locksley, Earl of Sherwood and Nottingham, and lord of all the lands and manors appertaining thereto. My first command to you, my lord Earl, is to take in marriage the hand of the Lady Marian... What say you to that, Baron of Locksley?
Robin Hood: May I obey all your commands with equal pleasure, sire!
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: Robin!
Robin Hood: Yes?
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: Please.
Robin Hood: Then you do love me, don't you? Don't you?
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: You know I do.
Robin Hood: Well, that's different. (Robin re-enters the window and they share an embrace and kiss.)
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: You know you're very impudent.
Robin Hood: Me?
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: You are. And when my real guardian King Richard finds out about your being in love with me...
Robin Hood: I know, he'll make me court jester.
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: He won't. He'll stick your funny head on London's Gate.
Robin Hood: A very fine decoration it will be, my bold Norman beauty.
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: I'm not bold.
Robin Hood: But you're a Norman... And you are a beauty. You are the most beautiful...
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: And you're leaving here at once. Please darling! Every minute you're here, you're in danger.
Robin Hood: I know...
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: Do you know any prayers, my friend?
Robin Hood: I'll say one for you!
Robin Hood: It's injustice I hate, not the Normans.
Will Scarlett: Robin, I've just got word of-
Robin Hood: It's all right, he's one of us.
Will Scarlett: One of us? He looks like three of us!
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: Tell me: when you are in love, is it hard to think of anybody but one person?
Bess: Yes, indeed, m'lady, and sometimes it's a bit of trouble sleeping.
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: I know! But it's a nice kind of not sleeping!
Bess: Yes. And it affects your appetite, too. Not that I've noticed it's done that to you, 'cept when he was in the dungeon waiting to be hanged.
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: And does it make you want to be with him all the time?
Bess: Yes. And when he's with you, your legs are as weak as water. Now, tell me, m'lady: when he looks at you, do you feel a kind of pricky feeling, like goosey pimples running all up and down your spine?
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: Bess: Then there's not a doubt of it!
Lady Marian Fitzswalter: A doubt of what?
Robin Hood: That you're in love!
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: You've come to Nottingham once too often!
Robin Hood: When this is over, my friend, there'll be no need for me to come again.
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: What the devil?
Robin Hood: Come now, Sir Guy. You would not kill a man for telling the truth, would you?
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: If it amused me, yes!
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: Now that you've robbed us and had your fill of insulting us, we wish to leave. Come, Lady Marian.
Robin Hood: My own men will escort my Lady. But before you take leave of her, it might be as well if you thanked her for saving your life.
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: My life?
Robin Hood: Do you think you would've left this forest alive if it hadn't been for her presence here? Peter! Errol! Take six men guide our loyal host and his nervous friend to the Nottingham road.
High Sheriff of Nottingham: But our... our horses? Our... our clothes?
Robin Hood: You'll return to Nottingham as you are, on foot. This, Sir Guy, will at least be a lesson to you in humility if not in mercy. The rest of your people will be returned tomorrow.
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: But the Lady Marian?
Robin Hood: You'd best be started, before I've a change of mind.
High Sheriff of Nottingham: I think we'd better go!
Robin Hood: Give way, little man.
Little John: Only to a better man than meself.
Robin Hood: He stands before you.
King Richard: Well, sir rascal, tell me, who are you?
Robin Hood: I'm called Robin Hood.
King Richard: It seems I've heard of you.
Robin Hood: Nothing good, I hope.
King Richard: Oh, now I remember. How does your loyalty to Richard set on a killer of knights, a poacher of the king's deer and an outlaw?
Robin Hood: Those I've killed died from misusing the trust that Richard left them. And the worst rogue of these is the king's own brother.
King Richard: Oh, then you blame Prince John.
Robin Hood: No, I blame Richard. His task was defending his people instead of deserting them to fight in foreign lands.
King Richard: What? You'd condemn the Holy Crusades?
Robin Hood: I'll condemn anything that leaves the task of holding England to outlaws like me.
Prince John: Ho, varlets, bring Sir Robin food! Such insolence must support a healthy appetite!
Robin Hood: I'll organize revolt, exact a death for a death, and I'll never rest until every Saxon in this shire can stand up free men and strike a blow for Richard and England.
Prince John: Are you finished?
Robin Hood: I'm only just beginning. From this night forward I'll use every means in my power to fight you!
Robin Hood: Welcome to Sherwood, my lady!
High Sheriff of Nottingham: I hope our little golden hook will catch the fish.
Prince John: You hope?
High Sheriff of Nottingham: Oh it will... if he's here.
Prince John: If he's not we'll stick your head upon the target and shoot at that.
Little John: You'll sweat the lard out of that fat carcass of yours before this day is over, my pudgy friend.
Friar Tuck: And I hope some Norman sword whittles you down to size.
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: What is your name?
Much-the-Miller's-Son: A better one than yours!
Much-the-Miller's-Son: Come on, lass! Give us a kiss and wish me luck!
Bess: 'Urry up and take that ugly face of yours out of 'ere!
Bess: Oh no. You will be careful, won't ye?
Much-the-Miller's-Son: Ha, of course I will!
Robin Hood: Did I upset your plans?
Robin Hood: Now some of you might think that our loyal host intended this treasure for the coffers of Prince John, instead of to ransom the king- and you'd be right. But a strange thing happened. A change of heart overtook him in the forest and there it is safe and sound!
Robin Hood: What a pity her manners don't match her looks.
Prince John: Any objections to the new tax, from our Saxon friends?
Title card: In the year of Our Lord 1191 when Richard, the Lion-Heart, set forth to drive the infidels from the Holy Land, he gave the Regency of his Kingdom to his trusted friend, Longchamps, instead of to his treacherous brother, Prince John.
Title card: Bitterly resentful, John hoped for some disaster to befall Richard so that he, with the help of the Norman barons, might seize the throne for himself. And then on a luckless day for the Saxons...
Town Crier announcing capture of Richard: News has come from Vienna: "Leopold of Austria has seized King Richard on his return from the Crusades. Our king is being held prisoner. Nothing further is known. His Highness Prince John will make further public pronouncement tomorrow."
Robin Hood: Men, if you're willing to fight for our people, I want you!
Sir Guy of Gisbourne: Let me ram those words down his throat your highness!
Prince John: No... later. Let him spout for the moment.     