
Otis B. Driftwood: It's all right, that's in every contract. That's what they call a sanity clause.
Fiorello: You can't fool me! There ain't no Sanity Claus!
Henderson: You live here all alone?
Otis B. Driftwood: Yes. Just me and my memories. I'm practically a hermit.
Henderson: Oh. A hermit. I notice the table's set for four.
Otis B. Driftwood: That's nothing - my alarm clock is set for eight. That doesn't prove a thing.
Otis B. Driftwood: Listen, Gottlieb, nix on the love making. Because, I saw Mrs. Claypool first. Of course, her mother really saw her first; but, there's no point in bringing the Civil War into this.
Otis B. Driftwood: That woman? Do you know why I sat with her? Because she reminded me of you.
Mrs. Claypool: Really?
Otis B. Driftwood: Of course, that's why I'm sitting here with you. Because you remind me of you. Your eyes, your throat, your lips! Everything about you reminds me of you. Except you. How do you account for that? If she figures that one out, she's good.
Otis B. Driftwood: All right, I'll read it to you. Can you hear?
Fiorello: I haven't heard anything yet. Did you say anything?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I haven't said anything worth hearing.
Fiorello: Well, that's-a why I didn't hear anything.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that's why I didn't say anything.
Otis B. Driftwood: That can't be my shirt, my shirt doesn't snore.
Fiorello: Shh! Don't wake him up. He's got insomnia, he's trying to sleep it off.
Otis B. Driftwood: You didn't happen to see my suit in there, did you?
Fiorello: Yeah, it was taking up too much room, so we sold it.
Otis B. Driftwood: Did you get anything for it?
Fiorello: Uh... dollar forty.
Otis B. Driftwood: That's my suit all right.
Otis B. Driftwood: And now, on with the opera. Let joy be unconfined. Let there be dancing in the streets, drinking in the saloons, and necking in the parlor.
Otis B. Driftwood: Do they allow tipping on the boat?
Steward: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: Have you got two fives?
Steward: Yes, sir!
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, then you won't need the ten cents I was gonna give you.
Otis B. Driftwood: You see that spaghetti? Now, behind that spaghetti is none other than Herman Gottlieb, director of the New York Opera Company. Do you follow me?
Mrs. Claypool: Yes.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well stop following me or I'll have you arrested!
Otis B. Driftwood: Two beers, bartender!
Fiorello: I'll take two beers, too.
Otis B. Driftwood: Now pay particular attention to this first clause because it's most important. It says the, uh..."The party of the first part shall be known in this contract as the party of the first part." How do you like that? That's pretty neat, eh?
Fiorello: No, that's no good.
Otis B. Driftwood: What's the matter with it?
Fiorello: I dunno. Let's hear it again.
Otis B. Driftwood: It says the, uh..."The party of the first part shall be known in this contract as the party of the first part."
Fiorello: That sounds a little better this time.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, it grows on you. Would you like to hear it once more?
Fiorello: Er... just the first part.
Otis B. Driftwood: What do you mean? The... the party of the first part?
Fiorello: No, the first part of the party of the first part.
Otis B. Driftwood: All right. It says the, uh, "The first part of the party of the first part shall be known in this contract as the first part of the party of the first part shall be known in this contract..." look, why should we quarrel about a thing like this? We'll take it right out, eh?
Otis B. Driftwood: Ladies and gentlemen... I guess that takes in most of you...
Otis B. Driftwood: Have you got any milk-fed chickens?
Waiter: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, squeeze the milk out of one and bring me a glass.
Otis B. Driftwood: Hey, have I got time to go back and pay my hotel bill?
Ship Captain: Sorry, too late.
Otis B. Driftwood: That suits me fine.
Otis B. Driftwood: Now, it says, uh, "The party of the second part shall be known in this contract as the party of the second part."
Fiorello: Well, I don't know about that...
Otis B. Driftwood: Now what's the matter?
Fiorello: I no like-a the second party, either.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, you should have come to the first party. We didn't get home 'til around four in the morning. I was blind for three days!
Otis B. Driftwood: You're willing to pay him a thousand dollars a night just for singing? Why, you can get a phonograph record of Minnie the Moocher for 75 cents. And for a buck and a quarter, you can get Minnie.
Otis B. Driftwood: Wouldn't it be simpler if you just had him stuffed?
Fiorello: He's no olive.
Manicurist: Did you want a manicure?
Otis B. Driftwood: No, come on in.
Otis B. Driftwood: Nice work, I think you got him. Ah, smelling salts? That will bring him to. You're sorry for what you did eh? That shows a nice spirit. Now he's coming along. He'll be fine.
Otis B. Driftwood: And eight pieces of French pasty.
Fiorello: With two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: And two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: Make that three hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: Don't you know what duplicates are?
Fiorello: Sure, those five kids up in Canada.
Herbert Gottlieb: All of New York will be under your feet!
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, there's plenty of room.
Fiorello: So now I tell you how we fly to America. The first time we started we got-a half way there when we run out a gasoline, and we gotta go back. Then I take-a twice as much gasoline. This time we're just about to land, maybe three feet, when what do you think: we run out of gasoline again. And-a back-a we go again to get-a more gas. This time I take-a plenty gas. Well, we get-a half way over, when what do you think happens: we forgot-a the airplane. So, we gotta sit down and we talk it over. Then I get-a the great idea. We no take-a gasoline, we no take-a the airplane. We take steamship, and that, friends, is how we fly across the ocean.
Otis B. Driftwood: Hey you. I told you to slow that nag down. On account of you I almost heard the opera.
Fiorello: What'll I say?
Otis B. Driftwood: Tell them you're not here.
Fiorello: Suppose they don't believe me?
Otis B. Driftwood: They'll believe you when you start talking.
Lassparri: Never in my life have I received such treatment. They threw an apple at me.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, watermelons are out of season.
Mrs. Claypool: Get off that bed. What would people say?
Otis B. Driftwood: They'd probably say you're a very lucky woman.
Mrs. Claypool: If you had any real feeling for me you'd stop associating with the kind of riffraff I've seen you going around with.
Otis B. Driftwood: You mean Gottlieb?
Mrs. Claypool: I mean those two uncouth men I saw you around the opera house with. I'm very grateful they're not on board the boat.
Otis B. Driftwood: Why, have they slipped off?
Mrs. Claypool: Sit down!
Henderson: What's a hermit doing with four beds?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, you see those first three beds?
Henderson: Yes.
Otis B. Driftwood: Last night, I counted five thousand sheep in those three beds, so I had to have another bed to sleep in. You wouldn't want me to sleep with the sheep, would you?
Fiorello: How do you do?
Otis B. Driftwood: Hello.
Fiorello: What's the matter, mister?
Otis B. Driftwood: Oh, we had an argument and he pulled a knife on me, so I shot him.
Fiorello: Do you mind if I...?
Otis B. Driftwood: No no, go right ahead. Plenty of room.
Engineer's Assistant: I'm the engineer's assistant.
Otis B. Driftwood: You know I had a premonition you were going to show up. The engineer's right there in the corner. You can chop your way right through.
Otis B. Driftwood: You know the old saying. Two's company, five's a crowd.
Otis B. Driftwood: Do you know America is waiting to hear him sing?
Fiorello: Well, he can sing loud, but he can't sing that loud.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I think I can get America to meet him halfway.
Mrs. Claypool: I've been sitting right here since seven o'clock.
Otis B. Driftwood: Yes, with your back to me. When I invite a woman to dinner I expect her to look at my face. That's the price she has to pay.
Otis B. Driftwood: I have here an accident policy that will absolutely protect you no matter what happens. If you lose a leg, we'll help you look for it.
Fiorello: You gotta some mail for me?
Tony: Mail for you? You don't work here.
Fiorello: All right, where am I gonna getta my mail? I no work anyplace.
Henderson: Say, what's that bed doing here?
Otis B. Driftwood: I don't see it doing anything.
Waiter: The gentleman has not arrived yet?
Mrs. Claypool: No, he has not.
Waiter: I'm afraid the dinner will be spoiled.
Otis B. Driftwood: What difference does it make? It's too late to dine now.
Otis B. Driftwood: Oh, boy?
Bellboy: Yes, ma'am?
Otis B. Driftwood: Will you page Mr. Otis B. Driftwood, please? Mister Otis B. Driftwood.
Bellboy: Paging Mr. Driftwood! Mr. Driftwood!
Bellboy: Mr. Driftwood! Mr. Driftwood!
Otis B. Driftwood: Boy, would you do me a favor and stop yelling my name all over this restaurant? Do I go around yelling your name?
Mrs. Claypool: Mr. Driftwood!
Otis B. Driftwood: Say, is your voice changing, or is somebody else paging me around here?
Mrs. Claypool: Mr. Driftwood!
Otis B. Driftwood: Why, Mrs. Claypool, hello!
Mrs. Claypool: Mr. Driftwood, you invited me to dine with you at 7:00; it is now 8:00 and no dinner.
Otis B. Driftwood: What do you mean, no dinner? I just had one of the biggest meals I ever had in my life,and no thanks to you, either.
Mrs. Claypool: I've been sitting right here since 7:00.
Otis B. Driftwood: Yes, with your back to me. When I invite a woman to dinner, I expect her to look at my face; that's the price she has to pay.
Otis B. Driftwood: Now, uh, here are the contracts. You just put his name at the top and, uh, you sign his name at the bottom.
Otis B. Driftwood: There's no need of you reading that, because these are duplicates.
Fiorello: Yeah, duplicates. Duplicates, eh?
Otis B. Driftwood: I say, they're duplicates.
Fiorello: Oh sure, is a duplicate.
Otis B. Driftwood: Don't you know what duplicates are?
Fiorello: Sure, those five kids up in Canada.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I wouldn't know about that; I haven't been in Canada in years. Well, go ahead and read it.
Fiorello: What does it say?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, go on and read it.
Fiorello: All right, you read it to me.
Otis B. Driftwood: All right, I'll read it to you. Can you hear?
Fiorello: I haven't heard anything yet. You say anything?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I haven't said anything worth hearing.
Fiorello: Well, that's why I didn't hear anything.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that's why I didn't say anything.
Fiorello: Can you read?
Otis B. Driftwood: I can read, but I can't see it.
Otis B. Driftwood: Don't seem to have it in focus here... If my arms were a little longer, I could read it. You haven't got a baboon in your pocket, have you? Here, here, here we are, now I've got it. Now pay particular attention to this first clause, because it's most important. It says:"The party of the first part shall be known in this contract as the party of the first part." How do you like that? That's pretty neat, eh?
Fiorello: No, that's no good.
Otis B. Driftwood: What's the matter with it?
Fiorello: I don't know. Let's hear it again.
Otis B. Driftwood: It says "The party of the first part shall be known in this contract as the party of the first part."
Fiorello: Well, it sounds a little better this time.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, it grows on you. Would you like to hear it once more?
Fiorello: Well, just the first part.
Otis B. Driftwood: What do you mean, "The party of the first part"?
Fiorello: No: the first part of "the party of the first part".
Otis B. Driftwood: All right, it says: "The first part of the party of the first part shall be known in this contract as the first part of the party of the first part shall be known in this contract..." Look, why should we quarrel about a thing like this? We'll take it right out, eh?
Fiorello: Yeah, it's-a too long, anyhow. Now what do we got left?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I've got about a foot-and-a-half. Now it says here: "The party of the second part shall be known in this contract as the party of the second part."
Fiorello: Well, I don't know about that.
Otis B. Driftwood: Now what's the matter?
Fiorello: I no like-a the second party, either.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, you should have come to the first party. We didn't get home 'til around 4:00 in the morning. I was blind for three days.
Fiorello: Hey look: Why can't the first part of the second party be the second part of the first party? Then you got something.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, look, uh... rather than go through all that again, what do you say?
Fiorello: Fine.
Otis B. Driftwood: Now we're getting somewhere.
Mrs. Claypool: Are you sure you have everything, Otis?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I haven't had any complaints yet.
Otis B. Driftwood: That's the fire escape. And, uh... that's a table, and this is a room, and there's the door leading out, and I wish you'd use it, I... I vant to be alone!
Henderson: You'll be alone when I throw you in jail!
Otis B. Driftwood: Isn't there a song like that, Henderson?
Otis B. Driftwood: This is the opening of a new opera season. A season made possible by the generous checks of Mrs. Claypool.
Otis B. Driftwood: I am sure the familiar strains of Verdi's music will come back to you tonight, and Mrs. Claypool's checks will probably come back in the morning.
Otis B. Driftwood: Boogie, boogie, boogie. How would you like to feel the way she looks?
Otis B. Driftwood: Let me see that... 9 dollars and 40 cents? This is an outrage.
Otis B. Driftwood: If I were you I wouldn't pay it.
Lassparri: Now, what have you got to say to me?
Otis B. Driftwood: Just this - can you sleep on your stomach with such big buttons on your pajamas?
Henderson: Hey, who were you talking to?
Otis B. Driftwood: I was talking to myself, and there's nothing you can do about it. I've had three of the best doctors in the East.
Otis B. Driftwood: Was that a high C, or Vitamin D?
Henderson: Say! Now, how did those two beds get together?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, you know how those things are, they breed like rabbits.
Otis B. Driftwood: Signor Lassparri comes from a very famous family. His mother was a well-known bass singer. His father was the first man to stuff spaghetti with bicarbonate of soda, thus causing and curing indigestion at the same time.
Henderson: The last time I was in this room there were four beds here.
Otis B. Driftwood: Please! I'm not interested in your private life, Henderson.
Lassparri: What do you mean by humiliating me in front of all of those people? You're fired! Do you understand? You're fired!
Otis B. Driftwood: Hey, you big bully. What's the idea of hitting that little bully?
Lassparri: Will you kindly let me handle my own affairs? Get out!
Otis B. Driftwood: Say, I just remembered, I came back here looking for somebody. You don't know who it is, do you?
Fiorello: It's a funny thing, it just slipped my mind.
Otis B. Driftwood: Could he sail tomorrow?
Fiorello: You pay him enough money, he could sail yesterday.
Otis B. Driftwood: Let's go in my room and talk the situation over.
Mrs. Claypool: What situation?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, er... what situations have you got?
Mrs. Claypool: I most certainly will not go to your room.
Otis B. Driftwood: OK, then I'll stay here.
Mrs. Claypool: All right, all right, all right! I'll come, but get out.
Otis B. Driftwood: Shall we say, uh, ten minutes?
Mrs. Claypool: Yes, ten minutes, anything. But go!
Otis B. Driftwood: Because if you're not there in ten minutes, I'll be back here in eleven. With squeaky shoes on!
Ship Captain: I cannot let the evening pass without paying a little tribute to our distinguished guests of honor - the three greatest aviators in the world.
Otis B. Driftwood: Three greatest aviators, but you notice they're traveling by boat.
Ricardo: And what was it you wanted to see me about?
Rosa: I suppose I sent for you?
Ricardo: Well you meant to. Didn't she, Marie?
Ricardo: But I will still remember the happiness we've known.
Fiorello: Well, Tomasso, you feel-a better now, eh?
Fiorello: And you, Ricardo, how do you feel?
Ricardo: After a meal like that? Great! Why, I could sing my head off.
Fiorello: Go ahead. Sing.
Ricardo: Cosi-Cosa. It's a wonderful word tra-la-la-la.
Fiorello: Friends.
Otis B. Driftwood: Go fast. I can see a man with a rope out there.
Fiorello: How we happen to come to America is a great story, but I no tell that.
Henderson: Am I crazy or are there only two beds in here?
Otis B. Driftwood: Now which question do you want me to answer first, Henderson?
Otis B. Driftwood: Hello toots.
Mrs. Claypool: Well. What are you doing here? This is Mr. Gottlieb's box.
Otis B. Driftwood: He couldn't come, so he gave me his ticket. He couldn't get dressed, so he gave me his clothes.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, who's ahead?
Otis B. Driftwood: It's none of my business, but I think there's a brace of woodpeckers in the orchestra.
Manicurist: Did you want your nails long or short?
Otis B. Driftwood: Better make them short. It's getting pretty crowded in here.
Otis B. Driftwood: It is my imagination, or is it getting crowded in here?
Otis B. Driftwood: Two beers, bartender!
Fiorello: I'll take two beers, too.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, things seem to be getting better around the country.
Fiorello: I don't know, I'm a stranger here myself.
Otis B. Driftwood: Say, uh, I just remembered: I came back here looking for somebody. You don't know who it is, do you?
Fiorello: Is a funny thing, it just slipped my mind.
Otis B. Driftwood: Oh, I know, I know: the greatest tenor in the world, that's what I'm after.
Fiorello: Why, I'm his manager.
Otis B. Driftwood: Whose manager?
Fiorello: The greatest tenor in the world.
Otis B. Driftwood: The fellow that sings at the opera here?
Fiorello: Sure.
Otis B. Driftwood: What's his name?
Fiorello: What do you care? I can't pronounce it. What do you want with him?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, uh, I want to sign him up for the New York Opera Company. You know that America is waiting to hear him sing?
Fiorello: Well, he can sing loud, but he can't sing that loud.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I think I can get America to meet him halfway. Could he sail tomorrow?
Fiorello: You pay him enough money, he could sail yesterday.
Otis B. Driftwood: Could he sail tomorrow?
Fiorello: You pay him enough money, he could sail yesterday. How much you pay him?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well I don't know.
Otis B. Driftwood: Let's see, uh... $1,000 a night... I'm entitled to a small profit...
Otis B. Driftwood: How about $10 a night?
Fiorello: Ten? Ten dollars?
Fiorello: I'll take it!
Otis B. Driftwood: All right, but remember, I get 10 percent for negotiating the deal.
Fiorello: Yes, and I get 10 percent for being the manager. How much does that leave?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that leaves him, uh... $8.00.
Fiorello: $8.00, eh? Well, he sends $5.00 home to his mother...
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that leaves $3.00.
Fiorello: Can he live in New York on $3.00?
Otis B. Driftwood: Like a prince. Of course, he won't be able to eat, but he can live like a prince. However, out of that $3.00, you know, he'll have to pay an income tax.
Fiorello: Oh. income tax.
Otis B. Driftwood: Yes, you know, there's a federal tax and a state tax and a city tax... and a street tax and a sewer tax
Fiorello: How much does this come to?
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I figure if that he doesn't sing too often, he can break even.
Fiorello: All right, we take it.
Otis B. Driftwood: All right, fine.
Ship Captain: Gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to...
Otis B. Driftwood: Quiet. Gentlemen, our distinguished guests have asked me to represent them in the lack of an interpreter. Now if you'll all follow me, I'll take you to their cabin; and if they're still in it, very few of us will come out alive.
Otis B. Driftwood: Steward, steward! Stew!
Ship's Steward: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: I say, stew.
Ship's Steward: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: What have we got for dinner?
Ship's Steward: Anything you like, sir. You might have some tomato juice, orange juice, grape juice, pineapple juice...
Otis B. Driftwood: Hey, turn off the juice before I get electrocuted. Now let me have one of each... and uh, two fried eggs, two poached eggs, two scrambled eggs, and two medium-boiled eggs.
Fiorello: And two hard-boiled eggs!
Otis B. Driftwood: And two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: Make that three hard-boiled eggs. And, uh, some roast beef, rare, medium, well done, and overdone.
Fiorello: And two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: Make that three hard-boiled eggs... and, uh, eight pieces of French pastry.
Fiorello: With two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: And two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: Make that three hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: And one duck egg. Uh, have you got any stewed prunes?
Ship's Steward: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, give them some black coffee, that'll sober them up.
Fiorello: And two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: And two hard-boiled eggs.
Otis B. Driftwood: It's either foggy out, or make that twelve more hard-boiled eggs. And steward, rush that along, because the faster it comes, the faster this convention will be over.
Ship's Steward: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: Do they allow tipping on the boat?
Ship's Steward: Oh, yes sir!
Otis B. Driftwood: Have you got two fives?
Ship's Steward: Yes, sir.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, then you won't need the ten cents I was going to give you.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that's fine. If that steward's deaf and dumb, he'll never know you're in here.
Captain: Ladies and gentleman. It's a great pleasure that I welcome you all to the final night of the voyage.
Fiorello: Wait a minute. Before he sings, you gotta sign a contract. And I get 10 percent.
Otis B. Driftwood: And I get 10 percent too.
Fiorello: I give this to Riccardo.
Herbert Gottlieb: ... sensation in New York.
Herbert Gottlieb: Pardon me, could you tell me where Signor Lassparri is?
Fiorello: Sure, there's Lassparri,
Herbert Gottlieb: Lassparri!
Otis B. Driftwood: Lassparri? Then whom did I sign?
Fiorello: You signed Riccardo Baroni, that's-a my man.
Herbert Gottlieb: Signor Lassparri, what happened? Speak to me, it's me, it's Gottlieb! Speak to me, it's me, it's Gottlieb!
Herbert Gottlieb: Oh, what is this now?
Otis B. Driftwood: How early the fruit is falling this season.
Fiorello: Now there's room.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that's all I needed. I certainly am glad I met you boys. First, you get me kicked out of my job, then you get me thrown out of my hotel, and finally you push me off a park bench. Well, there's one consolation: nothing more can happen to me.
Policeman: Hey, get off the grass.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, I was wrong.
Otis B. Driftwood: People drink too much water, anyhow. I'm certainly glad you came along. The day you boys came into my life, I had a good job and was about to marry a rich widow. Now I can't even sit on the grass.
Fiorello: I'd give you my seat, but I'm sitting here.
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, that's an offer. I tell you, I'd like to think it over for a couple of days. Where can I find you?
Fiorello: Don't worry. Wherever you are, you'll find us.
Fiorello: I'm sick of that; let's meet somewhere else.
Ricardo: It's Rosa!
Fiorello: Rosa!
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, at least I can get my bench back.
Otis B. Driftwood: I have arranged for you to invest $200,000 in the New York Opera Company.
Mrs. Claypool: I don't understand?
Otis B. Driftwood: Don't you see? You'll be a patron of the opera! You'll get into society. Then you can marry me and they'll kick you out of society and all you've lost is $200,000.
Herbert Gottlieb: Mrs. Claypool, you're as charming as you are beautiful.
Mrs. Claypool: I'm afraid you've used that speech before, Mr. Gottlieb.
Otis B. Driftwood: Now, listen here Gottlieb, making love to Mrs. Claypool is my racket. What you're after is $200,000. And you better make is sound plausible; because, incredible as it may seem, Mrs. Claypool isn't as big a sap as she looks. How's that for love making?
Mrs. Claypool: I think the Europeans do it better?
Otis B. Driftwood: Okay, Gottlieb, it's your turn. You take a whack at it - and keep it clean.
Lassparri: Take off that dress, do you hear me? You dumb idiot! You do what I say or I'll break your neck. Did you hear me? Take off that dress! If I get my hands on you, you'll never hear the end of this. You're no longer my dresser you're fired! Get out! Get out!
Otis B. Driftwood: Do you rhumba?
Potential Dance Partner: Why yes! Of course, I do!
Otis B. Driftwood: Well, take a rhumba from one to ten.
Mrs. Claypool: Mr. Claypool went to his reward three years ago.
Herbert Gottlieb: And left you all alone.
Mrs. Claypool: All alone.
Herbert Gottlieb: With eight million dollars.
Mrs. Claypool: Eight million dollars.
Otis B. Driftwood: Listen, Gottlieb, you're just wasting your time. If Mrs. Claypool wants to marry a fortune hunter, she's always got me.
Herbert Gottlieb: Fortune hunter?
Otis B. Driftwood: As a matter of fact, you can hardly call me a fortune hunter. Because when I first proposed to Mrs. Claypool, I thought she only had seven million. But, the extra million is never interfered with my feelings for her.
Ricardo: These funny little words don't really mean a thing, It's just a phrase that now-a-days Italians love to sing, Cosi Cosa! It's a wonderful word, Tra la la la, When anyone asks you how you are, It's proper to say Cosi Cosa Cosi Cosa! If a lady should ask you if you care, You don't have to start a love affair, Say Cosi Cosa...
Otis B. Driftwood: We've still got all day to think of some plan. And believe me, the way I think, I think its gonna take all day.
Herbert Gottlieb: What does this mean?
Otis B. Driftwood: Aw, just the man I want to see. Guttlieb, these are the worst cigars I ever smoked.
Fiorello: Yes, and your ice isn't cold enough either.
Fiorello: Is this the opera house?
Herbert Gottlieb: Arrest those men. And this one too!
Otis B. Driftwood: It's about time!
Herbert Gottlieb: All right, only quick. Quick, what do you want?
Otis B. Driftwood: First, call off that police dogs.
Henderson: Huh?
Herbert Gottlieb: All right, anything. Anything!
Henderson: Just a minute, these men are in this country under false pretenses and I'm going to to do my duty.
Herbert Gottlieb: I'll be responsible for them. Besides, they came over here with Mr. Driftwood and Mr. Driftwood is an employee of the opera company.
Herbert Gottlieb: If you pardon my saying so, Mrs. Claypool, Mr. Driftwood seems to me hardly the person to handle your business affairs.
Mrs. Claypool: I'm beginning to think the same thing.     