
A gamin: What's the use of trying?
A factory worker: Buck up - never say die. We'll get along.
The Mechanical Salesman: Good morning, my friends. This record comes to you through the Sales Talk Transcription Company, Incorporated: your speaker, the Mechanical Salesman. May I take the pleasure of introducing Mr. J. Widdecombe Billows, the inventor of the Billows Feeding Machine, a practical device which automatically feeds your men while at work? Don't stop for lunch: be ahead of your competitor. The Billows Feeding Machine will eliminate the lunch hour, increase your production, and decrease your overhead. Allow us to point out some of the features of this wonderful machine: its beautiful, aerodynamic, streamlined body; its smoothness of action, made silent by our electro-porous metal ball bearings. Let us acquaint you with our automaton soup plate - its compressed-air blower, no breath necessary, no energy required to cool the soup. Notice the revolving plate with the automatic food pusher. Observe our counter-shaft, double-knee-action corn feeder, with its synchro-mesh transmission, which enables you to shift from high to low gear by the mere tip of the tongue. Then there is the hydro-compressed, sterilized mouth wiper: its factors of control insure against spots on the shirt front. These are but a few of the delightful features of the Billows Feeding Machine. Let us demonstrate with one of your workers, for actions speak louder than words. Remember, if you wish to keep ahead of your competitor, you cannot afford to ignore the importance of the Billows Feeding Machine.
A factory worker: Where do you live?
A gamin: No place - anywhere.
President of the Electro Steel Corp.: Hey! Quit stalling, get back to work! Go on!
A factory worker: Can you imagine us in a little home like that?
A factory worker: I'll do it! We'll get a home, even if I have to work for it.
Big Bill: We ain't burglars - we're hungry.
President of the Electro Steel Corp.: President of the Electro Steel Corp.: Section 5, speed her up, 401.
Opening Title Card: "Modern Times." A story of industry, of individual enterprise - humanity crusading in the pursuit of happiness.
Title Card: Searching for smuggled "nose-powder."
Sheriff Couler: Well, you're a free man.
A factory worker: Free? Can't I stay a little longer? I'm so happy here.
Sheriff Couler: This letter will help you to get work. Now make good.     