
Henry Frankenstein: Look! It's moving. It's alive. It's alive... It's alive, it's moving, it's alive, it's alive, it's alive, it's alive, IT'S ALIVE!
Victor Moritz: Henry - In the name of God!
Henry Frankenstein: Oh, in the name of God! Now I know what it feels like to be God!
Edward Van Sloan: How do you do? Mr. Carl Laemmle feels it would be a little unkind to present this picture without just a word of friendly warning. We're about to unfold the story of Frankenstein, a man of science who sought to create a man after his own image without reckoning upon God. It is one of the strangest tales ever told. It deals with the two great mysteries of creation: life and death. I think it will thrill you. It may shock you. It might even horrify you. So if any of you feel that you do not care to subject your nerves to such a strain, now is your chance to, uh... Well, we've warned you.
Henry Frankenstein: Dangerous? Poor old Waldman. Have you never wanted to do anything that was dangerous? Where should we be if no one tried to find out what lies beyond? Have you never wanted to look beyond the clouds and the stars, or to know what causes the trees to bud? And what changes the darkness into light? But if you talk like that, people call you crazy. Well, if I could discover just one of these things, what eternity is, for example, I wouldn't care if they did think I was crazy.
Victor Moritz: You're crazy!
Henry Frankenstein: Crazy, am I? We'll see whether I'm crazy or not.
Henry Frankenstein: Quite a good scene, isn't it? One man, crazy - three very sane spectators!
Dr. Henry Frankenstein: Down! Down, you fool!
Doctor Waldman: You have created a monster, and it will destroy you!
Baron Frankenstein: Baron Frankenstein: Well, as I said before, here I say again, Here's... Here's to a son... to the House of Frankenstein.
Maid: Indeed, Sir. You too, Sir.
Henry Frankenstein: The brain you stole, Fritz. Think of it. The brain of a dead man waiting to live again in a body I made with my own hands! With my own hands.
Doctor Waldman: The brain which was stolen from my laboratory... was a *criminal* brain.
Hans: Maria she's drowned.
The Burgomaster: My poor man why do you bring her here.
Hans: She was MURDERED!
Dr. Henry Frankenstein: The neck's broken. The brain is useless. We must find another brain.
Little Maria: Would you like one of my flowers? You have those and I'll have these. I can make a boat.
Little Maria: See how mine float.
Little Maria: No, you're hurting me! No!
Baron Frankenstein: Here's to health, a son to the house of Frankenstein... Here's to jolly good health to young Frankenstein.
Dr. Henry Frankenstein: You're quite sure you want to come in?... Very well.
Dr. Henry Frankenstein: Forgive me, but I'm forced to take unusual precautions.
Henry Frankenstein: It's Elizabeth!
Henry Frankenstein: He's just resting. Waiting for a new life to come.
Doctor Waldman: You really believe you can bring life to the dead?
Henry Frankenstein: That body is not dead. It has never lived. I created it. I made it with my own hands, from the bodies I took from graves, from the gallows, anywhere! Go and see for yourself.
Doctor Waldman: Whose life was one of brutality, violence, and murder.
Henry Frankenstein: Help! Help!
Villager #1: Listen, it's Frankenstein.
Villager #2: That way.
Little Maria: Who are you? I'm Maria. Will you play with me?
Doctor Waldman: He left the University to work unhampered. He found what he needed elsewhere.
Victor Moritz: Oh, the bodies of animals. Well, what are the lives of a few rabbits and dogs?
Doctor Waldman: You do not quite get what I mean. Herr Frankenstein was interested only in human life. First, to destroy it; then, recreate it. There you have his - mad dream.
Baron Frankenstein: What's the matter with my son? What's he doing?
Elizabeth: He's completing his experiments. That's all.
Baron Frankenstein: Why does he go messing around in an old ruined windmill - when he has a decent house, a bath, good food and drink, and a darn pretty girl to come back to. Huh, will you tell me that?
Elizabeth: Baron, you don't understand.
Baron Frankenstein: I understand perfectly well. There's another woman and you're afraid to tell me. Pretty sorted experiment these must be! Huh!
Elizabeth: Oh, but Baron, you're wrong!
Maid: If you please, Herr Baron, the Burgomaster.
Baron Frankenstein: Well, tell him to go away.
Maid: But, he says its important.
Baron Frankenstein: Nothing the Burgomaster can say, can be of the slightest importance.
Henry Frankenstein: I've got to experiment further. He's only a few days old, remember. So far he's been kept in complete darkness. Wait till I bring him into the light.
Baron Frankenstein: It's extraordinary, how friendly you can make a lot of people on a couple of bottles of beer. Tomorrow. Tomorrow they'll all be fighting.
Elizabeth: Henry, I'm afraid. Terribly afraid. Where's Dr. Waldman? Why is he late for the wedding?
Henry Frankenstein: Oh, he's always late. He'll be here soon.
Elizabeth: Something is going to happen. I feel it! I can't get it out of my mind.
Elizabeth: Don't let it come here. Don't let it come here! Don't let it come here!
Victor Moritz: Henry!
Doctor Waldman: Frankenstein!
Victor Moritz: Henry!
Doctor Waldman: Frankenstein!
Victor Moritz: Henry!
Elizabeth: Open the door!
Victor Moritz: Let us in!     