
Grace: I like your name, Jayden.
Jayden: It's a boy's name.
Grace: Really? I don't think so.
Jayden: Will Smith did.
Grace: Why are you so nice to me?
Mason: You being serious now? Well, it's easy. It's because you are the weirdest, most beautiful person that I've ever met in my whole entire life.
Jayden: Why?
Grace: My mom died, I went to live with my dad and it's impossible to worry about anything else when there's blood coming out of you.
Sammy: Can we play Big and Small?
Grace: Is that a real game, or is that a game you just made up?
Sammy: It's a real game that I just made up.
Mason: So, 3 years ago, right, we have this girl here named Liza Green. She's 17,older than everybody else on the unit at the time, and I don't mean this in a pervy way or anything, but she's real pretty.
Grace: She was gorgeous.
Mason: All the guys on the unit want her but she won't give any of them the time of day because she was busy. She was always studying.
Grace: She was very smart. Mmm-hmm.
Mason: Really smart. So, two weeks before she turns 18 and leaves, we get this new intake. It's a 15 year old guy. He's really tough. He's really quiet. But, he's cool. He's just kind of like kicking back, checking out the scene. And I swear I didn't hear him say a word, the whole first week he was here. But, then one day, we were doing community meeting and we ask for announcements. And this guy raises his hand, and he looks directly at Liza Green, then he says, I know you don't know me. I just got here. But I just want to say that I've been watching you. I think you're the most interesting thing about this place, and I'm really sad I'm not going to get to know you before you leave.
Mason: I just wanted to tell you that.
Nate: What a pimp! What'd she say?
Mason: Nothin.
Grace: It was so awkward.
Mason: It was so fuckin awkward I couldn't stand it. And then she left and never talked to him. The kids teased him for like a year about it.
Nate: Oh, that blows.
Mason: No, he didn't give a shit. No, didn't even faze him. It was like, he knew somethin everybody else didn't.
Nate: Who is this guy?
Mason: That was Marcus.
Jessica: What? I never heard this story.
Grace: Oh, wait. It gets so much better.
Mason: Yeah, yeah. So, check this out. Grace and I are getting coffee at Ronnie's this morning. And we walk in, and who do we see sittin there alone at a table? Marcus! Buttoned-up his shirt. He's sippin on a cappuccino.
Nate: Marcus drinks cappuccino!
Mason: So, we're talking to him. We're catchin up. And he's telling us about his new job at the aquarium and his much he tales home in tips. And now, he's going to start applying for classes next semester.
Jessica: Oh my god!
Mason: Yeah. And it's weird 'coz I'm like, I have not heard Marcus talk this much ever, since I met him, like, what is the deal? Is he excited to see us? Is he nervous about somethin? And that's when I notice, there's another cappuccino on the table and an empty chair next to him. And then just like in the fuckin movies, bathroom door flings open, out walks Liza Green.
Nate: They were on a date?
Grace: It was like their fifth one.
Mason: As soon as she sits down, dude just goes beet red. So embarrassed.
Grace: Oh... oh, it was so cute.
Mason: Oh, it was so fucking cute, I almost pissed my pants.
Mason: Marcus is going to get better.
Grace: I think I am too.
Grace: Mason, you have no idea what I'm going through right now.
Mason: Then tell me. That's how this works. You talk to me about it so that I can take your hand and fucking walk through this shit with you. That is what I signed up for, Okay? But I cannot do that if you won't let me in.
Grace: I can't. I'm sorry.
Grace: They're going to ask you a lot of questions. It's going to be hard.
Jayden: I'll try to leave out the part about you breaking into that house with a baseball bat.
Grace: Thanks.
Jayden: Yep, I know the rules: no belts, no razors, no scissors, no fucking freedom.
Grace: No cussing.
Jayden: Shit, I forgot about that one.
Mason: I hate that bike! Fuck you, Floyd.
Grace: Here we go.
Mason: Everything good in my life is because of you.
Mason: Grace. Where are you going?
Grace: I can't do that.
Mason: Ok. Let's go. Let's go. I'll drive us home.
Grace: I don't wanna go home. It's not what I'm talking about.
Mason: I know it's been a really fucked up day, okay?
Grace: Mason, you have no idea what I'm going through right now.
Mason: Then tell me. That's how this works. You talk to me about it so that I can take your hand and fucking walk through this shit with you. That is what I signed up for, okay? But I cannot do that if you won't let me in.
Grace: I can't. I'm sorry.
Mason: You're sorry? Grace, are you serious? I've been waiting for you for a really long time and I wouldn't take a second of it back because I love you so goddamn much, okay? But I've been waiting for three years to as why is that you don't trust me. I've been waiting for three years for you to, just once, take the advice you give your kids every fucking five minutes and learn to talk about what's going on inside your head. You can't do that for me? Whatever it is, okay, just talk to me.
Grace: I can't do this. I can't. I can't marry you. I can't have your baby. I can't any of that. I can't do it.
Mason: So what do you wanna do? Huh? You wanna get an abortion?
Grace: I already made the appointment.
Mason: Do whatever you want, okay? Cause I'm done.
Mason: Please, you have to let me in your head once in a while or I'm just going to go nuts, Okay?
Jessica: You Okay, man? How do you feel?
Nate: Not good. I mean, that... that was crazy. They just fight like that?
Jessica: Nate, I'm not asking you how you're feeling.
Nate: Right. Sorry.
Mason: You got some new lyrics you want to try out on me?
Marcus: There's a lot of fucks in it.
Mason: I won't tell.
Jack: Grace, you are a line staff. It's not your job to interpret tears. That's what our trained therapists are here for.
Grace: Then your trained therapists don't know shit.
Jayden: Are you going crazy?
Grace: Probably.
Jayden: Please don't be offended if I'm not very friendly, but I'm going to be living with my dad soon, and I don't really like wasting time on short-term relationships. So, you know, it's nothing personal.
Luis: Wow. She seems like a really nice girl.
Grace: Jayden, we have to do something about this.
Jayden: Should go bash his face in with a baseball bat while he's sleeping?
Mason: We haven't had sex in 9 days and 13 hours.
Grace: Down to the hour, huh?
Grace: All right. Let's go see your room!
Jayden: Here it is. Wow, it's so inviting...
Grace: You can put whatever you want on the walls as long as it's appropriate.
Jayden: So no pictures of penises?
Grace: Not unless it's very scientific!     