
Charlie: I don't know if I will have the time to write any more letters because I might be too busy trying to participate. So if this does end up being the last letter, I just want you to know that I was in a bad place before I started high school, and you helped me. Even if you didn't know what I was talking about or know someone who's gone through it, you made me not feel alone. Because I know there are people who say all these things don't happen. And there are people who forget what it's like to be 16 when they turn 17. I know these will all be stories someday. And our pictures will become old photographs. We'll all become somebody's mom or dad. But right now these moments are not stories. This is happening. I am here and I am looking at her. And she is so beautiful. I can see it. This one moment when you know you're not a sad story. You are alive, and you stand up and see the lights on the buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you're listening to that song and that drive with the people you love most in this world. And in this moment I swear, we are infinite.
Patrick: I dare you to kiss the prettiest girl in the room on the lips. And notice I charitably said girl and not person because let's face it, I'd smoke all you bitches.
Sam: Why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing?
Charlie: We accept the love we think we deserve.
Charlie: My doctor said we can't choose where we come from but we can choose where we go from there. I know it's not all the answers but it was enough to start putting these pieces together.
Charlie: Mr. Anderson? Can I ask you something?
Bill: Yeah.
Charlie: Why do nice people choose the wrong people to date?
Bill: Are we talking about anyone specific?
Bill: Well, we accept the love we think we deserve.
Charlie: Can we make them know that they deserve more?
Bill: We can try.
Sam: You can't just sit there and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love.
Charlie: If my Aunt Helen were still here, I could talk to her. And I know she would understand how I am both happy and sad, and I'm still trying to figure out how could that be.
Charlie: Candice, I killed Aunt Helen, didn't I? She died getting my birthday present, so I guess I killed her, right? I tried to stop thinking that, but I can't. She keeps driving away and dying and I can't stop her. Am I crazy, Candace?
Candace: Call the police and send them to my house!
Candace: No, Charlie, listen to me. Mom and Dad are going to be home with Chris any second.
Charlie: What if I wanted her to die, Candace?
Charlie: I saw this tree. But it was a dragon. Then it was a tree again. It just lied to me.
Sam: So, I'm guessing you've never been high before.
Charlie: No. No, no, no. My best friend, Michael, his dad was a big drinker, so he hated all that stuff. Parties too.
Sam: Well, where is Michael tonight?
Charlie: Oh, he shot himself last May. I kinda wish he'd left a note. You know what I mean?
Charlie: I know who you are, Sam. I know I'm quiet... and, and I know I should speak more. But if you knew the things that were in my head most of the time, you'd know what it really meant. How, how much we're alike, and how we've been through the same things... and you're not small. You're beautiful.
Charlie: Dad, can I have 30 dollars?
Father: 20 dollars? What do you need 10 dollars for?
Mr. Callahan: Nothing, why don't you read first?
Patrick: Alright, Chapter 1: Surviving your fascist shop teacher who needs to put kids down to feel big. Oh wow! This is useful guys, we should read on!
Sam: Welcome to the island of misfit toys.
Patrick: Hey, everyone! Every body! Everyone, raise your glasses to Charlie.
Charlie: What did I do?
Patrick: You didn't do anything. We just want to toast to our new friend. You see things and you understand. You're a wallflower.
Patrick: What is it? What's wrong?
Charlie: I didn't think anyone noticed me.
Patrick: Well we didn't think there was anyone cool left to meet! So come on everyone. To Charlie!
Mother: She's on the phone now? Charlie, you've got to break up with her.
Charlie: I can do that?
Sam: You can't just sit there and put everybody's life ahead of yours and think that count as love.
Charlie: My Aunt Helen has said I should be a writer, but I don't know what I'd write about.
Sam: You could write about us.
Patrick: Yeah! Call it 'Slut and the Falcon'. Make us solve crimes.
Charlie: There is so much pain. And I-I-I don't know how to not notice it.
Dr. Burton: What's hurting you?
Charlie: No, not... not me. It's them! It's... it's everyone. It never stops. Do you understand?
Patrick: My turn! Let's see. Let's think... Charlie.
Charlie: Truth.
Patrick: How's your first relationship going?
Charlie: It's so bad, that I keep fantasizing that one of us is dying of cancer, so that I don't have to break up with her.
Sam: Charlie, I know that you know I like Craig. But I want to forget about that for a minute, okay?
Charlie: Okay.
Sam: I just want to make sure that the first person who kisses you loves you. Okay?
Sam: I love you, Charlie.
Charlie: I love you, too.
Charlie: So, you're not scared of me?
Sam: No.
Charlie: So, can we be friends again?
Sam: Of course!
Sam: C'mon. Lets go be psychos together!
Mr. Callahan: You've gotta be kidding me.
Patrick: If you fail me, you get me next semester.
Sam: How do you feel, Charlie?
Charlie: I just really want a milkshake.
Sam: Oh my God! They're playing good music.
Patrick: Holy shit. Holy shit. They are, they're playing good music!
Charlie: Sam, do you think if people knew how crazy you really were, no one would ever talk to you?
Sam: All the time.
Patrick: C minus, ladies and gentlemen! I am below average!
Sam: Below average!
Patrick: Below average!
Patrick: There's this one guy, queer as a 3 dollar bill. The guy's father doesn't know about his son. So, he comes into the basement one night when he's supposed to be out of town. Catches his son with another boy, so he starts beating him. But not like the slap kind, the real kind. And the boyfriend says, "Stop! You're killing him!" But the son just yells, "Get out!" And, eventually, the boyfriend just... did.
Charlie: Touch my friends again and I'll blind you.
Patrick: I'll tell you Sam, this one is tough. I have received a harmonica, a magnetic poetry set, a book about Harvey Milk, and a mix tape with the song Asleep on it twice. I mean, I have no idea. This collection of presents is so gay that I think I must have given them to myself. Despite that distinct possibility, I'm going to have to go with... drum roll... Charlie! Obviously!
Patrick: Can Charlie come out and play?
Charlie: Patrick never likes to be serious, so it took me a while to get what happened. When he was a junior, Patrick started seeing Brad on the weekends in secret. I guess it was hard, too, because Brad had to get drunk every time they fooled around. Then Monday in school Brad would say, 'Man, I was so wasted. I don't remember a thing.' This went on for seven months. When they finally did it Brad said he loved Patrick and then he started to cry. No matter what Patrick did, Brad kept saying that his dad would kill him and saying he was going to hell. Patrick was eventually able to help Brad get sober. I asked Patrick if he felt sad that he still had to keep it a secret, and he said no. Because at least now Brad doesn't have to get drunk to love him.
Patrick: Are you baked?
Charlie: Like a cake! That's what Bob said.
Charlie: Dear Friend, I'm sorry I haven't written in a while, but I've been trying hard not to be a loser.
Mary Elizabeth: Wait a second, there's only Secret Santa presents. There's rules!
Patrick: Mary Elizabeth, why are you trying to EAT Christmas?
Sam: Patrick?
Patrick: Yeah?
Sam: Who's this?
Patrick: This is...
Charlie: Charlie... Kelmeckis.
Patrick: Kelmeckis! No shit! Your sister's dating Ponytail Derek, isn't she?
Charlie: Is that what they call him?
Sam: Would you leave Ponytail Derek alone? You put the ass in class, Patrick.
Patrick: I try. Sam, I try.
Sam: It's nice to meet you, Charlie. I'm Sam.
Patrick: You gonna do anything?
Brad: What are you talking about?
Patrick: I'm talking about your pet ape just tripped me. Gonna say something?
Brad: Why would I?
Patrick: You know why.
Brad: This is pathetic, man. Your fixation on me.
Patrick: Do you want your friends to know how you got those bruises? Really?
Brad: I got jumped in a parking lot.
Patrick: Where? Schenley Park? Do you guys know about Schenley Park?
Brad: I don't know what kinda sick shit you're trying to pull, but you better walk away right now. Nothing.
Patrick: Fine. Say hi to your dad for me.
Brad: Whatever, faggot.
Mary Elizabeth: Charlie, Charlie, what do you think about high school?
Charlie: High school? Bullshit. The cafeteria is called the Nutrition Center; people wear their letter jackets even when it's 98 degrees out. And why do they give out letter jackets to marching band? It's not a sport. We all know it.
Mary Elizabeth: This kid is crazy.
Charlie: Mary Elizabeth, I think you're really gonna regret that, you know
Charlie: haircut when you look back at old photographs. I'm really sorry. That sounded like a compliment in my head.
Charlie: Are you having a good time?
Sam: Not really, how about you?
Charlie: I don't know. It's my first date, I don't have much to compare it to.
Patrick: The prick punch is not a toy! I learned that back in 'Nam in '68. 'Callahan,' Sergeant said, 'you put down that prick punch and go kill some gooks!' And you know what happened? That prick punch killed my best friend in a Saigon whore house.
Mr. Callahan: I heard you were going to be in my class. Are you proud to be a senior having to take freshman shop, Patty-Cakes?
Patrick: Look, my name is Patrick. Either you call me Patrick or you call me nothing.
Mr. Callahan: Okay, Nothing.
Charlie: I felt really bad for Patrick. He wasn't doing the impersonation to be mean or anything. He was just trying to make us freshmen feel better.
Patrick: Why can't you save anybody?
Charlie: I don't know.
Charlie: Well, I have one thousand three hundred and eighty-four days to go. Just so I say it to someone, high school is even worse than middle school.
Patrick: You know, I used to be popular before Sam got me some good music.
Patrick: Oh, that's fucked up.
Patrick: My life is officially an after school special.
Charlie: I think The Smiths are my favorite.
Sam: Are you kidding? I *love* The Smiths! Best break up band ever. What's your favorite song?
Charlie: "Asleep".
Patrick: Hey, Sam.
Sam: Question. Could the bathrooms here be anymore disgusting?
Patrick: Yes, they call it the men's room.
Sam: So, I finally got a hold of Bob.
Patrick: Party tonight?
Sam: He's still trying to shag that waitress from the Olive Garden.
Patrick: Ugh, he's never tossing that salad.
Charlie: Mary Elizabeth is a really nice person underneath the part of her that hates everyone.
Mary Elizabeth: Alright guys, I got multiple pairs of blue jeans. Wow, this is a really tough one but I'm gonna have to guess Alice. Wait! Guys, a receipt! She actually paid! I'm so touched.
Patrick: What?
Charlie: I feel infinite.
Charlie: Hey, Patrick.
Patrick: Hey! You're in my shop class, right? How's your clock coming?
Charlie: My dad's building it for me.
Patrick: Yeah. Mine looks like a boat. You wanna sit over here or are you waiting for your friends?
Charlie: No, no, no I'll sit.
Patrick: Thanks for not calling me Nothing, by the way. It's an endless nightmare. And these assholes, they actually think they're being original.
Linebacker: Hey, Nothing!
Nose Tackle: Hey, Nothing!
Patrick: Let it go! Jesus! It's an antique joke. It's over!
Charlie: Dear Friend. I am writing to you because she said you listen and understand and didn't try to sleep with that person at that party even though you could have. Please don't try to figure out who I am. I don't want you to do that. I just need to know that people like you exist. Like if you met me you wouldn't think I was the weird kid who spent time in the hospital. And I wouldn't make you nervous. I hope it's okay for me to think that. You see, I haven't really talked to anyone outside of my family all summer. But tomorrow is my first day of high school ever, and I need to turn things around. So I have a plan. As I enter the school for the first time, I will visualize what it would be like on the last day of my senior year. Unfortunately I counted, and that's one thousand three hundred and eighty-five days.
Twin Girl: Hey, Nothing.
Twin Girl: Hey, Nothing.
Patrick: Oh, suck it virginity pledges! Suck it!
Bill: You know, I heard you had a tough time last year. But they say if you make one friend on your first day you're doing okay.
Charlie: Thank you, sir, but if my English teacher is the only friend I make today, that would be sorta depressing.
Patrick: How is it that you've got meaner since becoming a buddhist?
Mary Elizabeth: Just lucky, I guess.
Patrick: No, you're doing something wrong, I think.
Patrick: This is Charlie's first party ever. So I expect nice, meaningful, heartfelt blow jobs, from both of you.
Chris: How are you feeling, Charlie?
Charlie: Good.
Chris: No, you know what I mean. Is it bad tonight?
Charlie: No, no. I'm not picturing things anymore. Or if I do I can just shut it off.
Chris: Well, you know, Mom did say that you have good friends now. And maybe if it does get bad again, you can just talk to them. Yeah?
Charlie: Yeah. Especially Sam. She's great.
Patrick: Be aggressive! Passive aggressive!
Charlie: Stop crying. Stop crying.
Charlie: My aunt had the same thing done to her too, and she turned her life around.
Sam: She must have been great.
Charlie: She was my favorite person in the world. Until now.
Charlie: You got me a present?
Sam: After all your help on my Penn State application? Of course I did. Open it!
Charlie: I don't know what to say.
Sam: You don't have to say anything.
Charlie: Did you have fun on your break?
Bill: More fun than you're gonna have today, Sinatra.
Mean Freshman Girl: Nice trapper keeper, faggot!
Bill: Charlie. This was my favorite book growing up. This is my copy, but I want you to have it.
Charlie: Thanks.
Bill: Have a great Christmas break.
Charlie: You, too, Mr. Anderson.     