
Shmuel: I wish you'd remembered the chocolate.
Bruno: Yes, I'm sorry. I know! Perhaps you can come and have supper with us sometime.
Shmuel: I can't, can I? Because of this.
Bruno: But that's to stop the animals getting out, isn't it?
Shmuel: Animals? No, it's to stop people getting out.
Bruno: Are you not allowed out? Why? What have you done?
Shmuel: I'm a Jew.
Bruno: We're not supposed to be friends, you and me. We're meant to be enemies. Did you know that?
Bruno: There is such thing as a nice Jew, though, isn't there?
Herr Liszt: I think, Bruno, if you ever found a nice Jew, you would be the best explorer in the world.
Grandpa: You know, Ralf, your mother really is sick. She's been talking about this visit for weeks.
Mother: Maybe that's what's made her sick.
Jewish Man: No, it's just a shower.
Bruno: I'm Bruno.
Shmuel: Shmuel.
Bruno: Sorry?
Shmuel: I'm Shmuel.
Bruno: That's your name? I've never heard of anyone called that before.
Shmuel: I've never heard of anyone called Bruno.
Bruno: Shmuel? No one's called Shmuel.
Bruno: He used to be a doctor once, but gave it all up to peel potatoes.
Bruno: I don't understand. One man caused all this trouble?
Bruno: Shmuel. Can we go to the café or something?
Shmuel: Café?
Bruno: Maybe I should go home.
Shmuel: What about Papa?
Bruno: Yeah.
Shmuel: We'll check our hut first.
Bruno: Why do you wear pajamas all day?
Shmuel: The soldiers. They took all our clothes away.
Bruno: My dad's a soldier, but not the sort that takes people's clothes away.
Bruno: Where's my mum?
Pavel - Jewish servant: She's out.
Bruno: When will she back?
Pavel - Jewish servant: Soon I expect, but don't worry.
Bruno: Will I have I have to go to hospital?
Pavel - Jewish servant: No, it's only a small cut.
Pavel - Jewish servant: Oh come on it's not that bad. There all better.
Bruno: What's your name?
Pavel - Jewish servant: Pavel. Now you better sit still for a couple of minutes before you start walking on that again.
Bruno: It could be worse than it looks.
Pavel - Jewish servant: It isn't.
Bruno: How would you know? You're not a doctor!
Pavel - Jewish servant: Yes I am.
Pavel - Jewish servant: No you're not. You peel potatoes.
Pavel - Jewish servant: I practiced as a doctor before I came here.
Bruno: You couldn't be much good if you had to practice.
Pavel - Jewish servant: Now what are you going to be when you grow up? I know! An explorer!
Bruno: How did you know that?
Mother: Hello, sweetheart.
Bruno: Mum, what's going on?
Mother: We're celebrating.
Bruno: Celebrating?
Mother: Mm, your father's been given a promotion.
Gretel: That means a better job.
Bruno: I know what promotion is.
Mother: So we're having a little party to celebrate.
Bruno: He's still going to be a soldier though, isn't he?
Mother: Yes, my lamb. Just a more important one, now. I have some even more exciting news, but I think dad wanted to tell you about that himself.
Father: I'm a solider. Soldiers fight a war.
Mother: That's not war!
Father: It's a vital part of it!
Lieutenant Kotler: How dare you talk to people in the house? How dare you! Are you eating? Have you been stealing food?
Lieutenant Kotler: Answer me!
Shmuel: No, sir. He gave it to me. He's my friend.
Lieutenant Kotler: What?
Lieutenant Kotler: Little man, do you know this Jew?
Lieutenant Kotler: Do you know this Jew?
Bruno: No, I just walked in, and he was helping himself. I've never seen him before in my life.
Lieutenant Kotler: You, finish cleaning the glasses. When I come back, we'll have a little chat about what happens to rats who steal.
Bruno: Do you not like playing?
Bruno: Just not ball games?
Shmuel: Not here.
Bruno: It's not fair you've got a nicer view.
Gretel: I'm not swapping.
Father: Elsa I was sworn to secrecy.
Mother: From your own wife?
Father: I took an oath upon my life, do you understand? Elsa you believe in this too. You want this country to be strong...
Mother: No Ralph! No not THAT! How could you?
Father: Because I am a solider! Soliders fight wars!
Mother: That isn't WAR!
Father: That is a part of it, it's a vital part of it! The Fatherland we all desire, all of us, you included cannot be achieved without work such as this!
Father: Elsa, Elsa!
Mother: Get away from me! GET AWAY FROM ME!
Bruno: Grandpa's here!
Father: We'll be through in a moment.
Father: Who told you about this?
Father: What are you doing today?
Bruno: The same as yesterday
Father: And what was that
Bruno: The same as the day before
Pavel - Jewish servant: I practiced as a doctor.
Bruno: You must not have been very good then, if you had to practice.
Herr Liszt: Yes Bruno?
Bruno: I don't understand, the Jew is down to this one man?
Herr Liszt: The Jew here means the entire Jewish race. If it was just this one man I'm sure something would be done about him.
Bruno: There is such thing as a nice Jew isn't there?
Herr Liszt: I think Bruno if you ever find a nice Jew, you'd be the best explorer in the world.
Lieutenant Kotler: They smell worse when they burn, don't they?
Bruno: I want to go home.
Father: You are home, Bruno. Home is where the family is.
Bruno: Dad's a good man.
Gretel: Of course he is.
Mother: Ralf, you promised: You said it was miles away... One of them was in our kitchen.
Gretel: We should be prouder of dad now more than ever before.
Gretel: He's making the country great again.
Grandma: I sometimes wonder if this is all down to me, making you those costumes for your little plays when you were tiny. You used to adore all that dressing up. Does it still make you feel special, Ralph dear? The uniform... and what it stands for?
Father: Mother. It's a party. Let's not spoil it.
Grandma: Ha! Me? Spoil things?
Father: You should be careful. Airing your views so publicly could land you in trouble. You know that.
Bruno: Let's go and find your dad. Come on!
Father: My work is very important to our country and to you. We're working very hard to make the world better for you.
Lieutenant Kotler: How dare you talk to someone in the house? How dare you? Have you been stealing from the house?... When I come back, we'll have a little chat about what happens to rats who steal.
Gretel: corrupted us through bad books...
Herr Liszt: The Jew here refers to the entire Jewish race. If it had been one man. something would have been done about him.
Mother: No Ralph No, not that... That isn't war!
Father: The fatherland we all desire cannot be achieved without work such as this.
Mother: Don't touch me!
Father: Bruno!
Bruno: It could be worse than it looks.
Shmuel: Would you dare do it?     