
Yvaine: You know when I said I knew little about love? That wasn't true. I know a lot about love. I've seen it, centuries and centuries of it, and it was the only thing that made watching your world bearable. All those wars. Pain, lies, hate... It made me want to turn away and never look down again. But when I see the way that mankind loves... You could search to the furthest reaches of the universe and never find anything more beautiful. So yes, I know that love is unconditional. But I also know that it can be unpredictable, unexpected, uncontrollable, unbearable and strangely easy to mistake for loathing, and... What I'm trying to say, Tristan is... I think I love you. Is this love, Tristan? I never imagined I'd know it for myself. My heart... It feels like my chest can barely contain it. Like it's trying to escape because it doesn't belong to me any more. It belongs to you. And if you wanted it, I'd wish for nothing in exchange - no gifts. No goods. No demonstrations of devotion. Nothing but knowing you loved me too. Just your heart, in exchange for mine.
Narrator: A philosopher once asked, "Are we human because we gaze at the stars, or do we gaze at them because we are human?" Pointless, really... "Do the stars gaze back?" Now *that's* a question.
Skinny Pirate: What's the problem?
Captain Shakespeare: It's my reputation.
Skinny Pirate: No. No. Don't be silly. Nonsense.
Old Pirate: It's all right, Captain. We always knew you were a whoopsie.
Tristan: Mother? Oh! Oh, Mother. I'm so sorry. Are you all right?
Yvaine: No, I'm not and I'm not your mother. So get off me!
Tristan: You're not my mother?
Yvaine: Do I *look* like I'm your mother?
Tristan: No, sorry. Are you all right? Do you want some help?
Yvaine: You can help by leaving me alone!
Tristan: All right...
Tristan: Oh my God! "Light the candle and think of me". I was, I was thinking of my mo... but then Victoria and the star just popped...
Tristan: Oh, excuse me, madam, sorry, this may see strange but, have you seen a fallen star anywhere?
Yvaine: You're funny.
Tristan: No, really. We're in a crater, this must be where it fell.
Yvaine: Yeah, this where it fell. It is, or if you want to be really specific, up there
Yvaine: is where this weird bloody necklace
Yvaine: came out of nowhere and knocked it out of the heavens where it was minding its own business. And over there is where it landed. And right here, *this* is where it got hit by a magical flying MORON!
Tristan: *You're* the star? You're the star? Really? Oh, wow! I'm sorry, I had no idea you'd be a... Oh, I, may I just say in advance that I'm sorry.
Yvaine: Sorry for what?
Tristan: For this.
Tristan: Now, if I'm not mistaken this means you have to come with me. You're going to be a birthday gift for Victoria, my true love.
Yvaine: But of course! Nothing says "romance" like the gift of a kidnapped injured woman! I'm not going anywhere with you!
Tristan: Excuse me.
Yvaine: Oh!
Tristan: I think you're in my bath.
Yvaine: Close your eyes!
Tristan: Honestly I'm not looking. Here, I'll turn away.
Yvaine: Right, you can open them now.
Tristan: Did you really mean what you said in the caravan?
Yvaine: What I...? But... You were a mouse! You were a mouse... you wanted cheese! You didn't... I asked you to give me a sign!
Tristan: And risk you being too embarrassed to keep saying such lovely things?
Tristan: You want to know what the Captain really whispered to me that day?
Tristan: He told me that my true love...
Tristan: ...was right in front of my eyes. And he was right.
Yvaine: Are you tempted?
Tristan: Tempted, by what?
Yvaine: Immortality. Let's say it wasn't *my* heart. Not me. Just a star you didn't know.
Tristan: You seriously think I could kill anyone?
Tristan: I mean, even if I could... Everlasting life? I imagine it would be kind of lonely. Well, maybe if you had someone to share it with. Someone you loved. Then it might be different.
Yvaine: What do stars do? They shine.
Tristan: Father, I lost my job. Father, I... I lost my job, I'm sorry. Father...
Dunstan Thorn: You lost your job.
Tristan: You know you sort of - glitter sometimes. I've just noticed it. Is it... Is it normal?
Yvaine: Let's see if you can work it out for yourself. What do stars do?
Tristan: Hmm... Attract trouble?
Tristan: All right, I'm sorry. Let me... Do I get another guess? Is it: Do they know exactly how to annoy a boy called Tristan Thorn?
Yvaine: They're going to kill us, aren't they?
Tristan: I don't know.
Yvaine: You know, it's funny. I used to watch... I used to watch people having adventures. I envied them.
Tristan: You ever heard the expression "Be careful of what you wish for"?
Yvaine: What, so ending up with my heart cut out - that will serve me right?
Tristan: No, I didn't mean it like that. Look, I admire you dreaming. A shop boy like me... I could never have imagined an adventure this big in order to wish for it. I just thought I'd find some lump of celestial rock, take it home and that would be it.
Yvaine: And you got me.
Yvaine: If there's one thing I've learned about all my years watching Earth, is that people aren't what they may seem. There are shop boys, and there are boys who just happen to work in a shop for the time being. And trust me Tristan, you're no shop boy. You saved my life. Thank you.
Narrator: They ruled for 80 years. But no man can live forever, except he who possesses the heart of a star, and Yvaine had given hers to Tristan completely. When their children and grandchildren were grown, it was time to light the Babylon Candle.
Narrator: And they still live happily ever after.
Captain Shakespeare: Yvaine... I know what you are.
Captain Shakespeare: Have no fear, no-one on this vessel will harm you, but there are plenty who would... Your emotions give you away, Yvaine. You must learn to control them. You've been glowing more brightly every day and I think you know why.
Yvaine: Of course I know why I'm glowing. I'm a star! And what the stars do best?
Captain Shakespeare: Well, certainly not the waltz.
Tristan: Now try.
Yvaine: OK.
Tristan: See?
Yvaine: Very good.
Yvaine: Tell me about Victoria, then.
Tristan: Well, she... she... There's nothing more to tell you.
Yvaine: The little I know about love is that it's unconditional. It's not something you can buy.
Tristan: Hang on! This wasn't about me buying her love. This was a way for me to prove to her how I felt.
Yvaine: Ah... And what's she doing to prove how she feels about you?
Tristan: Well... Look, Yvaine, you'll understand when you meet her, all right? If we don't get murdered by pirates first.
Yvaine: Mmm... Murdered by pirates. Heart torn out and eaten. Meet Victoria. I can't quite decide which sounds more fun...
Captain Shakespeare: And, Yvaine, I have some lovely dresses; take your pick.
Yvaine: I'm fine.
Captain Shakespeare: Honey... you're wearing a bathrobe.
Tristan: I find the fastest way to travel is by candlelight.
Yvaine: You've got a Babylon candle.
Tristan: Yeah, I have a bubbling candle.
Yvaine: A *Babylon* candle.
Tristan: That's what I said.
Yvaine: You said "bubbling".
Captain Shakespeare: I'm taking the girl to my cabin, and mark my words anyone who disturbs me for the next few hours will get the same treatment.
Skinny Pirate: What? You'll...
Captain Shakespeare: No, you idiot. I'll sling you over the side as well!
Tristan: Victoria!
Yvaine: I think I preferred "Mother".
Tristan: Yvaine, hold me tight and think of home.
Tristan: What the hell did you do?
Yvaine: What did *I* do? What did *you* do? "Think of home"? That was a GREAT plan! You thought of your home and I thought of mine and now we're halfway between the two!
Tristan: Well you stupid cow! What did you think of your home for?
Yvaine: You just said "home"! If you'd wanted me to think of *your* home you should have said!
Tristan: Some crazy lady was going to cut your heart out and you wanted more specific instructions? Perhaps you'd want it in writing - or a diagram, maybe?
Tristan: Happy birthday.
Victoria: What happened to you?
Tristan: I've found the star.
Victoria: I can't believe you did it. Where's my star? Can I see it? Is it beautiful?
Tristan: Yes.
Victoria: Well, it's awfully small.
Tristan: Well, that's just a little piece - a token for your birthday.
Victoria: Well... Well, then forget about the star. It's not the star that I want.
Victoria: Victoria: You know what I want.
Tristan: Yeah, I do. You want to grow up and get over yourself.
Victoria: Well! Oh!
Tristan: Humphrey!
Humphrey: Thorn. You must have a death wish.
Humphrey: Ah...
Tristan: Humphrey. Humphrey, it's all right. She's all yours. You really are a perfect couple. The best of luck to you both.
Victoria: Why would I want this? It's just a measly handful of stardust.
Guard: I'm charged with guarding the portal to another world, and you're asking me to just let you through!
Young Dunstan Thorn: Yes. Because, let's be honest, it's a field. Look,
Young Dunstan Thorn: Do you see another world out there? No, you see a field. Do you see anything non-human? No. And you know why? Because it's a field!
Guard: Hundreds of years this wall's been here. Hundreds of years this gap's been under a twenty-four-hour guard.
Young Dunstan Thorn: Well...
Guard: One more word, and I'll have you up in front of the village council!
Young Dunstan Thorn: Well that... that sounds rather final... I suppose I'd better just go home then...
Guard: Right then. Night, Dunstan.
Guard: Give my best to your father.
Guard: Stop! Stop!
Guard: Dunstan Thorn, not again!
Tristan: It's Tristan, actually.
Guard: Oh. You do look a bit like your father. And I suppose you intend to cross the wall as well, do you? Well you can forget it - go home!
Tristan: Cross the wall as well as who?
Guard: No one. Nobody.
Guard: Nobody crosses the wall! You know that! Everybody knows that.
Tristan: You know, I know. I understand. Nobody. Well I better head for the old homestead, then.
Guard: Good night, then. Good night, Tristan.
Tristan: Good night.
Guard: Give my best to your father.
Guard: Off you go.
Captain Shakespeare: So! Name your best price.
Ferdy the Fence: For 10,000 bolts?
Captain Shakespeare: 10,000 bolts of finest quality Grade A.
Ferdy the Fence: Yeah, but it's difficult to shift, isn't it? Difficult to store. If I get the revenue man in here sniffing around. Uhmmm... Best price: 150 Guineas.
Captain Shakespeare: Gentlemen, put the merchandise back on board and prepare to sail.
Ferdy the Fence: Whoa, whoa! Hold on. Hold on. One minute, Cuddles. 160? 160.
Captain Shakespeare: Seeing as I'm feeling particularly generous today, I'll settle for 200.
Ferdy the Fence: 200? Okay, you're having a laugh.
Ferdy the Fence: Have you had your head in that? Has he been staying up where the air's too thin?
Captain Shakespeare: You're being very rude.
Ferdy the Fence: Not any more.
Captain Shakespeare: 200.
Ferdy the Fence: 180.
Captain Shakespeare: 200.
Ferdy the Fence: That's not negotiation! I'm changing my number! 185.
Captain Shakespeare: Did I hear 200?
Ferdy the Fence: From you, you did. Yeah.
Captain Shakespeare: You said 200?
Ferdy the Fence: If I did, you're a ventriloquist. Okay, 195. Final offer.
Captain Shakespeare: 195 it is.
Captain Shakespeare: So, with sales tax, that's... let's see... 200.
Ferdy the Fence: Brilliant. Put it in the back.
Bishop: To the new King of Stormhold. Whichever of you fine fellows it might be.
Tertius: Hmm.
Septimus: You!
Septimus: You really thought you were king!
Primus: *You* killed the bishop.
Septimus: No, Primus, I think you'll find that *you* killed the bishop, by drinking out of the wrong cup. Oh look... when you finish wrestling with your conscience, may I suggest you return to your chamber. Leave the quest for the stone to me.
Voice of the stars: Tristan. Tristan. Yvaine is in grave danger. A unicorn came to help her, but now they're heading into a trap. No star is safe in Stormhold. The last one fell 400 years ago and was captured by the same witches who seek Yvaine now. They tricked her, cared for her, and when her heart was once more aglow they cut it from her chest and ate it.
Voice of the stars: There's no time to waste. A coach is coming. By any means possible you must get on it. Run!
Tristan: Thank you. That's so kind. My name's Tristan. What's yours?
Girl Bernard: Bernard.
Septimus: Now remember Captain Shakespeare has a fearsome reputation.
Septimus: What the hell is this?
Lackey: Your Highness, the soothsayer, as you requested.
Septimus: South you said. South we went. Still no stone. Do you now propose we start swimming?
Soothsayer: Sire, I've merely relayed to you what the runes have told me. I can do no more.
Septimus: Well, consult them again.
Septimus: Wait! Before we seek the stone... I have another question: Am I the seventh son?
Soothsayer: Yes.
Septimus: Another question. Is my favourite colour blue?
Soothsayer: Yes.
Septimus: Has excessive begging or pleading ever persuaded me to spare the life of a traitor?
Soothsayer: Um...
Septimus: What does that mean?
Soothsayer: That means "no".
Septimus: Good! Throw them again. This time throw them high.
Septimus: Do you work for my brother?
Septimus: So, do we continue west?
Septimus: Who are you? What business do you have here?
Tristan: Septimus... I knew your brother, Primus.
Septimus: Unless you wish to meet him in the afterlife, I suggest you answer my question. What are you doing here?
Tristan: I might ask you the same thing!
Septimus: Ah...
Septimus: There are four of them. Do as I say and we may stand a chance.
Tristan: Wait! How do I know you can be trusted?
Septimus: You don't. Why? Do you have a choice?
Tristan: No.
Septimus: Well then, let's go.
Secundus: I see the kingdom, father. The whole of Stormhold.
King: And...
Secundus: *My* kingdom?
King: Maybe... Look up.
Lamia: Limbus grass! You dare to steal truth from my lips by feeding me Limbus grass! Do you have any idea what a big mistake you've made, Ditchwater Sal?
Ditchwater Sal: How do you know my... Who are you?
Lamia: Look again.
Ditchwater Sal: I shall not seek the star, Your Dark Majesty. I swear.
Lamia: Seek all you wish.
Lamia: You shall not see the star, touch it, smell or hear it. You will not perceive her even if she stands before you. Pray you never meet me again, Ditchwater Sal.
Yvaine: I can't believe your crew fell for that. And where in God's name did you get that mannequin?
Yvaine: Would I be correct in thinking that you can neither see nor hear me? Then I'd like to tell you that you smell of pee. You look like the wrong end of a dog. And I swear, if I don't get my Tristan back as he was, I'll be your personal poltergeist!
Lamia: You'd better be telling the truth, you two-faced dog.
Ferdy the Fence: I can get you one of them, actually. Very good guard dogs. They can watch the back and the front door at the same time.
Ditchwater Sal: I don't deal with time wasters.
Ditchwater Sal: Get over here and tend this stall. I'm off to "The Slaughtered Prince" for a pint.
Slave Girl: See anything you like?
Young Dunstan Thorn: Umm... Definitely.
Young Dunstan Thorn: I mean. What, wha-wha-what I meant was...
Young Dunstan Thorn: These ones, the blue ones. How-how much are they?
Slave Girl: They might be the colour of your hair. Or they might be all of your memories before you were three. I can check if you like. Anyway, you shouldn't buy the bluebells.
Slave Girl: Buy this one instead. Snowdrop. It'll bring you luck.
Young Dunstan Thorn: But what does that cost?
Slave Girl: This one
Slave Girl: costs a kiss.
Slave Girl: Is she gone?
Slave Girl: Follow me.
Slave Girl: I'm a princess. Tricked into being a witch's slave. Will you liberate me?
Slave Girl: It's an enchanted chain. I'll only be free when she dies. Sorry.
Young Dunstan Thorn: Well... If I can't liberate you. What do you want of me?
Secundus: With all due respect to father, that window thing was a rotten trick!
Sextus: Excuse me? At least you had a chance! Quartus murdered me while I was asleep!
Quartus: How many times do I have to tell you? It was Septimus!
Quartus: Don't speak - don't say a word! Let me guess; Septimus?
Tertius: Sextus: Poison?
Tertius: The stone!
Tertius: I can touch it! I can feel it, I just can't *shift* it! It's like it's too heavy...
Tertius: You look like a bunch of FREAKS!
Secundus: Hold on... there are five of us now! We could do it together!
Quintus: We *tried* it before - it didn't work!
Secundus: But Tertius wasn't here, there were only four of us! Come on!
Tertius, Secundus, Quartus, Sextus, Quintus: Come on... yes, yes... come on!
Tertius, Secundus, Quartus, Sextus, Quintus: No...
Tertius, Secundus, Quartus, Sextus, Quintus: No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no, no, no! N -
Tertius, Secundus, Quartus, Sextus, Quintus: Awww...
Tertius, Secundus, Quartus, Sextus, Quintus: No! Nononononono! Please! Aw.
Quartus: Well done, everyone.
Quartus: No, you were right, though - it was definately better with five of us.
Quartus: I mean, that's the closest we've come to actually *moving* anything!
Quintus: Shhh...
King: Only he of royal blood can restore the ruby. And the one of you who does so, shall be the new king of Stormhold.
Mormo: There is someone following your tracks.
Lamia: A Witch? A Warlock?
Mormo: A Prince and he's catching you up. Get a move on.
Guard: This was left at the wall for you.
Guard: Says here his name is Tristan.
Primus: There was not a horse or beast he could not master. So much so that in his youth, he took to riding a camel... which was comical.
Tristan: Don't you ever sleep?
Yvaine: Not at night. May have escaped your notice, genius, but that's when the stars have rather better things to do. They're coming out, shining, that sort of thing.
Tristan: Yeah, well, it may have escaped yours, but you're not in the sky anymore. Coming out is off the agenda. Shining has been suspended until further notice. Oh, and sleeping during the day is O-U-T. Unless you have some magical ability to sleep while you're walking.
Yvaine: Have you not got it into your thick head yet? I'm not walking anywhere!
Victoria: Do you know, Humphrey's going all the way to Ipswich to buy me a ring.
Tristan: Ipswich? Victoria I'm talking about London or Paris or... A ring? Why is he... What kind of a ring?
Victoria: The word is he's planning to propose to me on my birthday.
Tristan: He's going to... And you're gonna say yes?
Victoria: Well I can't exactly say no after he's gone all the way to Ipswich.
Tristan: "All the way to Ipswich"? Victoria, for your hand in marriage, I'd cross oceans or continents.
Victoria: Really?
Tristan: Yes.
Tristan: Victoria, for your hand in marriage, I would go to the gold fields of San Francisco and bring you back your weight in gold. I'd go to Africa and bring you back a diamond as big as your fist. Or I'd go to the Arctic and I'd slaughter a polar bear and bring you back its head.
Victoria: A polar bear's head? Ugh! You're funny, Tristan.
Victoria: Oh, Tristan! A shooting star. Beautiful.
Tristan: More beautiful than a fancy ring from Ipswich? Victoria, for your hand in marriage, I'd cross the wall and bring you back that fallen star.
Victoria: You can't cross the wall. Nobody crosses the wall. Now you're just being silly.
Tristan: I'm not being silly. I'd do it. For you, I'd do anything.
Victoria: Hmmm. My very own star. It seems we have ourselves an agreement. You have exactly one week or I'm marrying Humphrey.
Secundus: Oh, please, you're not annoyed at that whole murder thing, are you? I mean, that was ten years ago.
Quartus: Great deal of good it did you, killing me, Secundus. Because now, of course, you're King of all Stormhold. Oh sorry, wait, no you're not - you're dead!
Primus: They say it's the biggest in all the kingdom.
Primus: If Septimus insists on sending a boy to do a man's job...
Tristan: No! Please, I don't know Septimus. I just need a lift. Look at me, I'm unarmed. Please. Please, let me ride with you.
Primus: I'm afraid that's impossible. I'm on a quest of enormous importance.
Tristan: All the better reason to take me with you. Maybe you'll need a second pair of hands. Sir, please. Maybe Providence sent me to you as it sent you to me.
Primus: Get on.
Tristan: You know... an interesting fact, actually - the first champagne glass was molded on the left breast of Marie Antoinette.
Tristan: I don't know if there was something wrong... with her right one...
Skinny Pirate: Hold on tight, the Captain's at the helm!     