
King of Qin: I have just come to a realization! This scroll by Broken Sword contains no secrets of his swordsmanship. What this reveals is his highest ideal. In the first state, man and sword become one and each other. Here, even a blade of grass can be used as a lethal weapon. In the next stage, the sword resides not in the hand but in the heart. Even without a weapon, the warrior can slay his enemy from a hundred paces. But the ultimate ideal is when the sword disappears altogether. The warrior embraces all around him. The desire to kill no longer exists. Only peace remains.
Nameless: Your Majesty, my task is completed now. My decision will cause the deaths of many and Your Majesty will live on. A dead man begs you to remember; a warrior's ultimate act is to lay down his sword.
Title card: People give up their lives for many reasons.
Title card: For friendship, for love, for an ideal
Title card: And people kill for the same reasons...
Title card: Before China was one great country, it was divided into seven warring states.
Title card: In the Kingdom of Qin was a ruthless ruler. He had a vision - To unite the land.
Title card: to put an end, once and for all, to war.
Title card: It was an idea soaked in the blood of his enemies.
Title card: In any war there are heroes on both sides...
Nameless: Great calligraphy.
Broken Sword: Great swordsmanship.
Nameless: You didn't see my swordsmanship.
Broken Sword: Without it, I couldn't have written this calligraphy.
Flying Snow: How swift thy sword.
Nameless: Broken Sword said "The people have suffered years of warfare. Only the King of Qin can stop the chaos by uniting all under Heaven."
Nameless: I was orphaned at a young age and was never given a name. People simply called me Nameless. With no family name to live up to, I devoted myself to the sword. I spent ten years perfecting unique skills as a swordsman. The King of Qin has summoned me to court, for what I have accomplished has astonished the kingdom.
Flying Snow: Since you wish to die, I will assist you.
Nameless: Good calligraphy.
Broken Sword: Good swordsmanship.
Nameless: Halt!
Sky: What can a minor official do?
Nameless: This is my territory.
Sky: And?
Nameless: You are on the kings most wanted list; I am here to place you under arrest!
Moon: I am going to kill you and avenge my master!
Title card: The nameless warrior was executed as an assassin but buried as a hero. The King of Qin went on to conquer all of the six Kingdoms and unite the country. As China's first Emperor he completed the Great Wall to protect his subjects. This was more than two thousand years ago. But even now when the Chinese speak of their country They call it Our land.
Old Servant: You Must Remember! Strong as the arrows Of Quing may be; though they will shatter Our Cities and destroy Our Nation, they shall Never Extinguish Zhao's Written Word. Today, I Shall Teach You the True Spirit of Our Culture!
Broken Sword: Is the sword the only answer?
Emperor's advisors: This is the sacred law of Qin! If your majesty is to unite the land, this man has to be made an example of! Your Majesty, execute him! Your Majesty, execute him! Your Majesty, execute him! Your Majesty, execute him! Your Majesty, execute him! Your Majesty, execute him!     