
Julien Jeanvier: Sophie was back in the game! Pure, raw, explosive pleasure! Better than drugs, better than smack! Better than a dope-coke-crack-fix-shit-shoot-sniff-ganja-marijuana-blotter-acid-ecstasy! Better than sex, head, 69, orgies, masturbation, tantrism, Kama Sutra or Thai doggy-style! Better than banana milkshakes! Better than George Lucas's trilogy, the muppets and 2001! Better than Emma Peel, Marilyn, Lara Croft and Cindy Crawford's beauty mark! Better than the B-side to Abbey Road, Jimmy Hendrix and the first man on the moon! Space Mountain, Santa Claus, Bill Gates' fortune, the Dalai Lama, Lazarus raised from the dead! Schwarzenegger's testosterone shots, Pam Anderson's lips! Woodstock, raves... Better than Sade, Rimbaud, Morrison and Castaneda! Better than freedom, better than life!
Julien Jeanvier: You know... there were lots of things I was game for that you never said.
Sophie Kowalski: Like?
Julien Jeanvier: Eating ants... insulting the unemployed... loving you like crazy.
Sophie Kowalski: Don't say a word. Let me talk. You missed me? Because I missed you. You're a real tyrant. It's so hard to be mad at you. But don't kid yourself, I still am. I want to talk and forget the game, just for once. Like my dress? I hesitated. Nabbed it off my sister. She has another red one, like a thermonuclear bombshell... That's the one I should've worn. I must've spent... three hours in front of the mirror. But I got there, see? I'm pretty. You better like it, or I'll kill you!
Sophie Kowalski: No, wait... Where was I? The problem is, that... even if you said, "I love it," I wouldn't believe you. Julien, I no longer know when you're playing or not. I'm lost. Wait, I'm not finished. Tell me you love me. Tell me, because if I tell you first, I'm afraid you'll think it's a game. Save me... I beg of you.
Julien à 8 ans: Friends are like eyeglasses. They make you look smart, but get scratched and then bore you. Luckily, sometimes, you get super cool glasses. Me... I've got Sophie!
Sophie Kowalski: Tell me that you love me first because I'm afraid that if I tell you first you'll think that I'm playing the game.
Julien Jeanvier: Do you believe in love at first sight?
Aurélie Miller: Yes.
Julien Jeanvier: Naive.
Julien Jeanvier: Being an adult means to have a speedometer that marks 210 and not driving over 60.
Julien à 8 ans: But there's one game you must never play. And I mean never! Even if your best friend wants you to! And that's burying yourself in a block of cement!
Julien à 8 ans: This game started with a pretty house. A pretty bus with no driver. A pretty box... and a pretty girl.
Julien Jeanvier: To win this game you need a pretty box, a pretty girl and to hell with the rest!
Julien Jeanvier: ... And that's how we won the game... together... happy. And deep in concrete we finally shared our childhood dream, the dream of an endless love.
Julien à 8 ans: No, actually, I'm wrong. It began a little earlier with a disgusting, meaningless word, like...
Doctor #2: Metastasis!
Julien à 8 ans: Sure! Why not "mammoth" while you're at it? And it made Mom cry. Anyway, doctors suck. Their words suck. Their pants suck. So what could they know about moms?
Sophie à 8 ans: What'll you be when you grow up?
Julien à 8 ans: A tyrant!
Sophie à 8 ans: A tyrant? Your people subjugated?
Julien à 8 ans: Totally! With a harem, slaves, and torture every Thursday!
Sophie à 8 ans: Cool!
Julien à 8 ans: And you?
Sophie à 8 ans: Well, I... No, it's too dumb.
Julien à 8 ans: Tell me!
Sophie à 8 ans: You won't like it.
Julien à 8 ans: I told you! Tell me!
Sophie à 8 ans: I'd like to be a cream puff. A cream puff with apricots, or even a plain one. Lukewarm at the bakery. In the window.
Julien à 8 ans: A cream puff? As in cake?
Sophie à 8 ans: Of course! What else! A cream puff is a cream puff!
Julien à 8 ans: A cream puff... Yeah, of course, a cream puff! That's brilliant!
Julien Jeanvier: And how big are his biceps again?
Sophie Kowalski: Bigger than your brain
Julien Jeanvier: And you like this guy?
Sophie Kowalski: As a second choice
Julien Jeanvier: Second choice... who's your first? Sophie...
Julien à 8 ans: It was a great game, only no one found it funny.
Teacher: Nouns beginning with "B"? Yes, Sophie?
Sophie à 8 ans: "B" for... "Big-dick", "bonk"... "B" for "Beat the beaver", "bordello", "balls", "blow-job", "bug-eyed baboon", "bitchbag"... "Beat it, bitchbag!"
Teacher: Think you're funny, miss? What language! I'm giving you zero, "Z" for "zero"! We'll see if the principal thinks it's funny.
Teacher: Julien! What's going on? To the principal's with Sophie!
Julien à 8 ans: "Boner".
Sophie à 8 ans: What?
Julien à 8 ans: "B" for "boner".
Sophie à 8 ans: I didn't have time!
Julien à 8 ans: A stupid game? Maybe so, but it was our game.
Julien à 8 ans: Sophie?
Sophie à 8 ans: You're mistaken. I'm Dirty Polack.
Julien's Mother: You think you're the first to play "Dares"?
Julien à 8 ans: Mom? What's the craziest thing you ever did?
Julien's Mother: Fly.
Julien à 8 ans: FLY? Fly where?
Julien's Mother: Across the sky.
Julien à 8 ans: Show me. Come on, fly, fly, fly!
Julien's Mother: Game!
Julien's Mother: Later.
Julien à 8 ans: When?
Julien's Mother: Soon. I promise.
Julien à 8 ans: But all that means pretty much the same. It means:" I hurt, like no one else on earth, Mars, or even Altair IV!"
Julien à 8 ans: You'll lend it sometimes?
Sophie à 8 ans: You give, then take back. You really want it, prove it. Are you game?
Julien à 8 ans: That was it! I think that's how it all really started.
Julien à 8 ans: Game!
School Principal: You can kiss Eden goodbye! Trouble awaits you...
School Principal: You, my dear, in pain shall you bring forth children, wear high heels, suffer through dieting, exfoliation, face-lifts, and what's more, you'll have to cook! And that's not all!
School Principal: For you, boy, I've reserved the worst... scourges and torments, dinosaurs and volcanoes! Godzilla, the A-bomb, Liz Taylor, Hitler, dead Indians, noisy washing machines, oil-slicks, but above all... pretty moms who are sick.     