
Hitoha Miyamizu: Treasure the experience. Dreams fade away after you wake up.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Musubi?
Hitoha Miyamizu: Musubi is the old way of calling the local guardian god. This word has profound meaning. Typing thread is Musubi. Connecting people is Musubi. The flow of time is Musubi. These are all the god's power. So the braided cords that we make are the god's art and represent the flow of time itself. They converge and take shape. They twist, tangle, sometimes unravel, break, and then connect again. Musubi - knotting. That's time.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: There's no way we could meet. But one thing is certain. If we see each other, we'll know. That you were the one who was inside me. That I was the one who was inside you.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: This feeling has possessed me, I think, from that day...
Taki Tachibana: ...that day when the stars came falling. It was almost as if...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: ...as if it was a scene from a dream. Nothing more, nothing less...
Mitsuha Miyamizu, Taki Tachibana: ...than a beautiful view.
Taki Tachibana: Haven't we met?...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I thought so too!...
Taki Tachibana, Mitsuha Miyamizu: Your name is...
Taki Tachibana: The dream I must have had I can never recall. But...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: But... the sensation that I've lost something lingers for a longtime after I wake up.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Once in a while when I wake up. I find myself crying.
Taki Tachibana: Our timelines weren't in step. If time can really be turned back, give me one last chance.
Taki Tachibana: I'm not sure if I'm searching for a person or a place, or if I'm just searching for a job.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's really you.
Taki Tachibana: I came to see you. It wasn't easy because you were so far away.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: But how? At that moment, I...
Taki Tachibana: I drank your kuchikamisake.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: You drank that? You idiot! Pervert! Oh yeah, and you touched my boobs!
Taki Tachibana: How do you know that?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Yotsuha saw it.
Taki Tachibana: Oh! Sorry, I couldn't help it! It was just once.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Just once? Doesn't how many times! Jerk.
Taki Tachibana: Sorry.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Is this... Could this be...
Taki Tachibana: Could this be that we're really...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: In our dreams, that guy and I are...
Taki Tachibana: In our dreams, that girl and I are...
Mitsuha Miyamizu, Taki Tachibana: switching places?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: "By the time the date is over, the comet will be visible in the sky."
Taki Tachibana, Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's twilight - "kataware-doki."
Sayaka Natori: Trains come every 2 hours.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: The store closes at 9 p.m.
Sayaka Natori: No bookstore. No dentist.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: But 2 pubs for some reason.
Sayaka Natori: No jobs.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: No brides.
Sayaka Natori: Short sunlight hours.
Katsuhiko Teshigawara: Give me a break!
Mitsuha Miyamizu, Sayaka Natori: What?
Katsuhiko Teshigawara: I mean... How about we stop by café?
Mitsuha Miyamizu, Sayaka Natori: A café'? Really? Where?
Shinta Takagi: How could you get lost on the way to school?
Taki Tachibana: Uh... Well... I
Shinta Takagi: Feminine?
Taki Tachibana: I
Taki Tachibana: ?
Taki Tachibana: I
Taki Tachibana: ?
Taki Tachibana: I
Taki Tachibana: ?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Taki. Taki. Don't you remember me?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: My name is... Mitsuha.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I hate this town! I hate this life! Please make me a handsome Tokyo boy in my next life!
Yotsuha Miyamizu: What a fool...
Taki Tachibana: Hey! What is your name?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha! My name is Mitsuha!
Hitoha Miyamizu: In exchange for returning to this world, you must leave behind what is most important to you. The kuchikamisake.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: The kuchikamisake?
Hitoha Miyamizu: You'll offer it inside the god's body. It's half of you.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Half of Mitsuha...
Hitoha Miyamizu: You're normal today.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: You were nuts yesterday.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: What are you talking about?
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Why not sell lots of Kuchikamisake and use the money to go to Tokyo?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Where do you get such ideas?
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Sell them with photos and making videos. Name it "Shrine Maiden's Sake". You'll make money.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Umm...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: No! That breaks the Liquor Tax Law.
Taki Tachibana: I'll tell her about the disastrous date the next time we switch, I thought. But for some reason, after that, Mitsuha and I never switched places again.
Taki Tachibana: So we don't forget when we wake up. Let's write our names on each other.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: OK!
Sayaka Natori: Oh, and Tessie. Lose the beard before the wedding. I'll lose 3 kg.
Katsuhiko Teshigawara: You're eating a cake.
Sayaka Natori: I'll start tomorrow.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Kataware-doki is almost...
Taki Tachibana: over.
Taki Tachibana: Your name is...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I shouldn't for her sake.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha, what are you doing?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Well, it feels incredibly realistic... What? Mitsuha?
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Are you half asleep? Breakfast! Hurry up!
Hitoha Miyamizu: Mitsuha. You're dreaming right now, aren't you?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Guys will stare, so watch the skirt! These are basics for a girl!
Taki Tachibana: Yeah... Whatever... Will you stop blowing my money on sweets?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's going in your body! Besides, your job is such a pain... Lemme' celebrate!
Taki Tachibana: Celebrate what? You got the easy crap! Braiding cords is impossible! All you gotta do is wait tables!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: But you work waay too many shifts...
Taki Tachibana: Because you keep wasting my money!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Went for coffee with Ms. Okudera on the way home! You two have a good thing goin'!
Taki Tachibana: Mitsuha... Quit messing with my love life!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Look who's talking! I was on the way to school with Tessie and Saya the other day... And you know what happened? A girl came up and confessed to me!
Taki Tachibana: It's not my fault... I can't help it! Besides, you're more popular when I'm you.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Ooh, look at you, Mr. Ladies Man! If you're so popular, why am I the one chatting up girls for you?
Taki Tachibana: I never asked for your help! And if you're so confident in your matchmaking skills, get yourself a boyfriend, why don'tcha!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I told you...
Taki Tachibana: I told you.
Taki Tachibana, Mitsuha Miyamizu: I'm single because I wanna be!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: "However, I'm sure you've never gone out on a date before, so below are some links to help you out, you late bloomer."
Shinta Takagi: Let's go to a café.
Tsukasa Fujii: Oh that one? OK. Coming, Taki?
Taki Tachibana: What? What? What? A café?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: He's so lucky. They must be together around now.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: "I wanted to go on this date, but if it so happens that you end up going, you better enjoy it!"
Mitsuha Miyamizu: What should I do? Would I annoy him? Would it be awkward? Or maybe he'd be a bit glad to see me?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: That time 3 years ago, you came to see me!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Oh, this...
Taki Tachibana: Oh. Really, why'd you come see me before I knew you? There's no way I'd recognize you. Here I kept it for 3 years. Now you keep it.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Yes!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's too small and close-knit. I want to graduate and go to Tokyo.
Sayaka Natori: I don't blame you. There's really nothing in this town.
Katsuhiko Teshigawara: we both have it rough, don't we?
Taki Tachibana: Thank you for saving me today.
Miki Okudera: Actually, I was concerned about you. You're weak but quick-tempered. I like you better today. Never knew you had a feminine side.
Taki Tachibana: What a realistic dream if I say so myself...
Taki Tachibana: Oh, he keeps a diary. He's so organized. Wish I lived in Tokyo too. Oh! That's her. A crush, maybe?
Taki Tachibana: "Walked to the station with Ms. Okudera after work, thanks to my feminine powers!"
Taki Tachibana: Tsukasa, did you prank my phone and... Oh, never mind. See you.
Shinta Takagi: He's acting normal today.
Tsukasa Fujii: Yesterday he was kind of cute.
Shinta Takagi: Eh!
Taki Tachibana: Tears? Why?
Taki Tachibana: What did Mitsuha do this time?
Taki Tachibana: ... A date!
Sayaka Natori: Why do guys associate cutting hair with breakups?
Taki Tachibana: I'm Taki again. What's Taki doing here?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: that time 3 years ago before I got to know you...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Taki. It's me. Don't you remember me?
Taki Tachibana: Who are you?
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha, are you touching...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: My sister! Yotsuha!
Miki Okudera: Thanks for today. This is far enough. You be happy someday too.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha, you're not touching your boobs today. Breakfast! Hurry up!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Boobs?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I shouldn't for her sake
Yotsuha Miyamizu: You sure do like your boobs.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Grandma, do you want last night's leftovers?
Hitoha Miyamizu: You can have it.
Futaha Miyamizu: Mitsuha. Stand up straight!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Good morning.
Hitoha Miyamizu: Good morning.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha, you're late!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I'll make breakfast tomorrow.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: You two get along so well.
Sayaka Natori, Katsuhiko Teshigawara: We do not!
Katsuhiko Teshigawara: It's the oldest sake in the world. By chewing on rice, spitting it out, and letting it ferment, it becomes alcohol.
Sayaka Natori: Kuchikamisake. Do the gods appreciate sake made that way?
Katsuhiko Teshigawara: Of course they do.
Taki Tachibana: something's there... aah!
Yotsuha Miyamizu: She's lost it. She's completely lost it. Scary.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: If nothing is done, everyone will die tonight!
Futaha Miyamizu: What on earth are you talking about?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I said we have to evacuate everyone in town before tonight or...
Futaha Miyamizu: Shut your mouth.
Futaha Miyamizu: The comet will split and strike the town? Over 500 people will die? How dare you spout such nonsense? If you're serious, then you're sick. Madness must be from the Miyamizu side. I'll get someone to drive you to a hospital in the city. I'll listen to you after a doctor examines you.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: You son of a...
Futaha Miyamizu: Mitsuha. No... Who... Who are you?
Miki Okudera: Oh, you're job-hunting.
Taki Tachibana: I haven't had much luck.
Miki Okudera: Maybe it's because of that suit.
Taki Tachibana: Does it look bad?
Yotsuha Miyamizu: I see you're not touching your boobies today. Breakfast time!
Mitsuha Miyamizu: My boobs?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: I shouldn't for her sake.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: You sure do like your own boobies.
Yotsuha Miyamizu: TIME TO GO! GET READY!
Taki Tachibana: I came all this way to see you. Which wasn't easy, since you were pretty far away.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Uh... how is that even...? Because, like that...
Taki Tachibana: Well, I drank some of your kuchikamisake.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: You... you drank that?
Taki Tachibana: Uh...
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Stupid pervert!
Taki Tachibana: Wha - ?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Yeah, that's right! You were touching my boobies, weren't you?
Taki Tachibana: What? Wh-H-How do you even...?
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Cause Yotsuha saw you!
Taki Tachibana: I just... eh, I couldn't help myself. But it was just the one time.
Mitsuha Miyamizu: Just the one time? How many times isn't the issue!
Taki Tachibana: Uh... sorry.
Taki Tachibana: Nah... I have to use the bathroom.     