
Marjane's grandmother: Listen. I don't like to preach, but here's some advice. You'll meet a lot of jerks in life. If they hurt you, remember it's because they're stupid. Don't react to their cruelty. There's nothing worse than bitterness and revenge. Keep your dignity and be true to yourself.
Policeman: Why are you running?
Marjane as a teenager: I'm late for my class!
Policeman: Maybe, but you mustn't run. When you run, your behind moves around in an obscene way.
Marjane as a teenager: Then stop staring at my ass!
Mr. Satrapi - Marjane's father: Never forget who you are and where you're from.
Marjane as a teenager: You say that our scarfs and trousers are indecent and that we put on make up, etc. As an art student, I'm often in the studio. I need to move freely in order to draw. A longer scarf will hinder me. As for our trousers, you say they're too wide even though they hide our shape. Since these trousers are in fashion right now, I ask, is religion defending our physical integrity or is it simply opposed to fashion? You criticise us, yet our brothers all have different hair and clothes. Sometimes they wear clothing so tight, we can see their underwear. Why is it that me, as a woman, should their tight clothes have no effect on me, while they should be aroused by a shorter scarf?
Marjane (voice over): I remember I led a peaceful, uneventful life as a little girl. I loved fries with ketchup, Bruce Lee was my hero, I wore Adidas sneakers and had two obsessions: Shaving my legs one day and being the last prophet of the galaxy.
God: Go, and do what you have to do.
Marx: Remember, the struggle goes on! Eh?
God: Yeah, yeah. The struggle goes on.
Marjane's grandmother: The first marriage is practice for the second.
Momo: Life is a void. When man realizes that he can no longer live, so he invents power games...
Marjane as a teenager: Bullshit! Life isn't absurd! Some people give their lives for freedom. You think my uncle died for fun? Egotistical prick.
Marjane as a teenager: Shut up you bitches! YES I'M IRANIAN AND I'M PROUD OF IT!
Marjane's grandmother: So you're French, now?
Marjane as a teenager: Nana, stop it.
Marjane's grandmother: No no, I'm just asking, is all. I didn't know you were French.
Marjane as a teenager: Do you think it's easy being Iranian here? The moment I say where I'm from, they look at me like I'm a savage. They think we're all bloodthirsty, violent, loud fanatics.
Marjane's grandmother: Do you think that's any reason to deny your roots? Do you remember what I told you? Be true to yourself.
Marjane's grandmother: Fear lulls our minds to sleep.
Marx: He's right, for once!
Marjane as a teenager: Promise you won't ask me any questions.
Paris Taxi Driver: Where are you from?
Marjane (voice over): Iran.
Marjane as a teenager: In the West, you could be dying in the street and they'd walk right over you.
Marjane's grandmother: Ha. Serves them right. Why you practically snipped off their little thingies. Will you please take off that god-awful veil? It makes me claustrophobic.
Marjane as a teenager: I'm so used to it, I forget I'm wearing it.
Doctor: There's a name for your Condition. It's called Clinical Depression! I can give you some pills, would you like to try them?
Marjane as a teenager: Yes, thank you Doctor.
Marjane (voice over): Anoush is dead, it's over.
Marjane as a teenager: Grandma, how come your breasts are still so nice and round at your age?
Marjane's grandmother: Because every day I put them in a bowl of ice-cold water for ten minutes.
Marjane as a teenager: I'll miss you.
Marjane as a teenager: Fuck you!
Marjane's grandmother: It was my old grocer! That man put on a suit and grew a beard, and now he's working for the Government!
Airport receptionist: Ticket and passport, please.     