
Gage: Mr. Zuckerberg, do I have your full attention?
Mark Zuckerberg: No.
Gage: Do you think I deserve it?
Mark Zuckerberg: What?
Gage: Do you think I deserve your full attention?
Mark Zuckerberg: I had to swear an oath before we began this deposition, and I don't want to perjure myself, so I have a legal obligation to say no.
Gage: Okay - no. You don't think I deserve your attention.
Mark Zuckerberg: I think if your clients want to sit on my shoulders and call themselves tall, they have the right to give it a try - but there's no requirement that I enjoy sitting here listening to people lie. You have part of my attention - you have the minimum amount. The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
Mark Zuckerberg: Did I adequately answer your condescending question?
Gretchen: 18,000 dollars?
Eduardo Saverin: Yes.
Gretchen: In addition to the $1,000 you'd already put up?
Eduardo Saverin: Yes.
Gretchen: A total of $19,000 now?
Eduardo Saverin: Yes.
Mark Zuckerberg: Hang on.
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm just checking your math on that. Yes, I got the same thing.
Mark Zuckerberg: You know, you really don't need a forensics team to get to the bottom of this. If you guys were the inventors of Facebook, you'd have invented Facebook.
Erica Albright: You are probably going to be a very successful computer person. But you're going to go through life thinking that girls don't like you because you're a nerd. And I want you to know, from the bottom of my heart, that that won't be true. It'll be because you're an asshole.
Mark Zuckerberg: As for any charges stemming from the breach of security, I believe I deserve some recognition from this board.
Ad Board Chairwoman: I'm sorry?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes?
Ad Board Chairwoman: I don't understand.
Mark Zuckerberg: Which part?
Mark Zuckerberg: You signed the papers.
Eduardo Saverin: You set me up.
Mark Zuckerberg: You're gonna blame me because you were the business head of the company and you made a bad business deal with your own company?
Eduardo Saverin: This is gonna be like I'm not a part of Facebook!
Sean Parker: It won't be like you're not a part of Facebook. You're not a part of Facebook.
Eduardo Saverin: My name's on the masthead.
Sean Parker: You might wanna check again.
Eduardo Saverin: Just because I froze the account?
Sean Parker: Did you think we were going to let you parade around in your ridiculous suits pretending you were running this company?
Eduardo Saverin: Sorry! My Prada's at the cleaners! Along with my hoodie and my 'fuck you' flip-flops, you pretentious douchebag!
Sean Parker: Security's here, you'll be leaving now.
Eduardo Saverin: I'm not signing those papers.
Sean Parker: We will get the signature.
Eduardo Saverin: Tell me this isn't about me getting into the Phoenix.
Eduardo Saverin: You... You did it! I knew you did it! You planted that story about the chicken!
Mark Zuckerberg: I didn't plant the story about the chicken.
Sean Parker: What's he talking about?
Eduardo Saverin: You had me accused of animal cruelty.
Sean Parker: Seriously, what the hell's the chicken?
Eduardo Saverin: And I'll bet what you hated the most was that they identified me as a co-founder of Facebook, which I am. You better lawyer up asshole, because I'm not coming back for 30%, I'm coming back for EVERYTHING.
Gretchen: What was Mr. Zuckerberg's ownership share diluted down to?
Eduardo Saverin: It wasn't.
Gretchen: What was Dustin Moskovitz's ownership share diluted down to?
Eduardo Saverin: It wasn't.
Gretchen: What was Sean Parker's ownership share diluted down to?
Eduardo Saverin: It wasn't.
Gretchen: What was Peter Thiel's ownership share diluted down to?
Eduardo Saverin: It wasn't.
Gretchen: And what was your ownership share diluted down to?
Eduardo Saverin: .03 percent.
Cameron Winklevoss: What, do you want to hire an IP lawyer and sue him?
Divya Narendra: No, I want to hire the Sopranos to beat the shit out of him with a hammer!
Tyler Winklevoss: We don't even have to do that.
Cameron Winklevoss: That's right.
Tyler Winklevoss: We can do that ourselves. I'm 6'5", 220, and there's two of me.
Eduardo Saverin: Mark!
Sean Parker: He's wired in.
Eduardo Saverin: I'm sorry?
Sean Parker: He's wired in.
Eduardo Saverin: What about now? Are you wired in now?
Bob: You know, I could swear he was looking at you when he said 'The next Bill Gates could be right in this room'.
Mark Zuckerberg: I... I doubt it.
Bob: I showed up late, I don't even know who the speaker was.
Mark Zuckerberg: It was Bill Gates.
Bob: Shit, that makes sense.
Divya Narendra: You invented something in high school too, right?
Mark Zuckerberg: An app for an MP3 player that recognizes your taste in music.
Divya Narendra: Anybody try to buy it?
Mark Zuckerberg: Microsoft.
Divya Narendra: Wow. How much?
Mark Zuckerberg: Didn't sell it, uploaded it for free.
Divya Narendra: For free?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah.
Divya Narendra: Why?
Mark Zuckerberg: Ma'am, I know you've done your homework and so you know that money isn't a big part of my life, but at the moment I could buy Mt. Auburn Street, take the Phoenix Club, and turn it into my ping-pong room.
Marylin Delpy: You're not an asshole, Mark. You're just trying so hard to be.
Sean Parker: Well, I founded an internet company that let folks download and share music for free.
Amy: Kind of like Napster?
Sean Parker: Exactly like Napster.
Amy: What do you mean?
Sean Parker: I founded Napster.
Amy: Sean Parker founded Napster.
Sean Parker: Nice to meet you.
Amy: You're Sean Parker?
Sean Parker: Ah ha! You see, the shoe is on the other...
Amy: Foot?
Sean Parker: Table. Which has turned.
Amy: I just slept with Sean Parker?
Sean Parker: You just slept ON Sean Parker.
Sean Parker: We lived on farms, then we lived in cities, and now we're going to live on the internet!
Sean Parker: You think you know me, don't you?
Eduardo Saverin: I've read enough.
Sean Parker: You know how much I've read about you?
Sean Parker: Nothing.
Sean Parker: Drop the "The." Just "Facebook." It's cleaner.
Mark Zuckerberg: I went to my friend for the money because that's who I wanted to be partners with. Eduardo was the president of the Harvard Investors Association, and he was also my best friend.
Gage: Your best friend is suing you for six hundred million dollars.
Mark Zuckerberg: I didn't know that, tell me more.
Mark Zuckerberg: Your date looks so familiar to me.
Sean Parker: She looks familiar to a lot of people.
Mark Zuckerberg: What do you mean?
Sean Parker: A Stanford MBA named Roy Raymond wants to buy his wife some lingerie but he's too embarrassed to shop for it at a department store. He comes up with an idea for a high end place that doesn't make you feel like a pervert. He gets a $40,000 bank loan, borrows another $40,000 from his in-laws, opens a store, and calls it Victoria's Secret. Makes a half million dollars his first year. He starts a catalog, opens three more stores and after five years he sells the company to Leslie Wexner and the Limited for four million dollars. Happy ending, right? Except two years later, the company's worth 500 million dollars and Roy Raymond jumps off the Golden Gate Bridge. Poor guy just wanted to buy his wife a pair of thigh-highs.
Sean Parker: Hang on. Almost forgot.
Sean Parker: Here's your $19,000. I wouldn't cash it, though. I drew it on the account you froze.
Eduardo Saverin: I like standing next to you, Sean. It makes me look so tough.
Erica Albright: I'm sorry you are not sufficiently impressed with my education.
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm sorry I don't have a rowboat, so we're even.
Erica Albright: I think we should just be friends.
Mark Zuckerberg: I don't want friends.
Erica Albright: I was just being polite, I have no intention of being friends with you.
Eduardo Saverin: Mark. Mark!
Sean Parker: He's wired in.
Eduardo Saverin: Sorry?
Sean Parker: He's wired in.
Eduardo Saverin: Is he?
Sean Parker: Yes.
Eduardo Saverin: How about now? You still wired in?
Sean Parker: Call security.
Eduardo Saverin: You issued 24 million new shares of stock.
Mark Zuckerberg: You were told that if new investors came along...
Eduardo Saverin: How much were your shares diluted?
Eduardo Saverin: How much were his?
Mark Zuckerberg: Did you know there are more people with genius IQs living in China than there are people of any kind living in the United States?
Erica Albright: That can't possibly be true.
Mark Zuckerberg: It is.
Erica Albright: What would account for that?
Mark Zuckerberg: Well first, an awful lot of people live in China. But, here's my question: how do you distinguish yourself in a population of people who all got 1600 on their SATs?
Erica Albright: I didn't know they take SATs in China.
Mark Zuckerberg: They don't. I wasn't talking about China anymore, I was talking about me.
Christy: When did you get back?
Eduardo Saverin: I got back this afternoon.
Christy: And when were you going to call me?
Eduardo Saverin: Chris, it was kind of a rough trip and I was tired and...
Christy: Or answer one of my 47 texts? Did you know I sent 47 texts?
Eduardo Saverin: I did, and I thought that was incredibly normal behavior.
Eduardo Saverin: Yeah?
Mark Zuckerberg: You froze our account?
Eduardo Saverin: I did.
Mark Zuckerberg: You froze the account!
Eduardo Saverin: I had to get your attention Mark.
Mark Zuckerberg: Do you realize that you jeopardized the entire company? Do you realize that your actions could have permanently destroyed everything I've been working on?
Eduardo Saverin: WE have been working on!
Mark Zuckerberg: Without money the site can't function. Okay, let me tell you the difference between Facebook and everyone else, we don't crash EVER! If those servers are down for even a day, our entire reputation is irreversibly destroyed! Users are fickle, Friendster has proved that. Even a few people leaving would reverberate through the entire userbase. The users are interconnected, that is the whole point. College kids are online because their friends are online, and if one domino goes, the other dominos go, don't you get that? I am not going back to the Caribbean Night at AEPi!
Erica Albright: I'm going back to my dorm.
Mark Zuckerberg: Wait, wait! Is this real?
Erica Albright: Yes!
Mark Zuckerberg: Okay, then wait. I apologize, okay?
Erica Albright: I have to go study.
Mark Zuckerberg: Erica...
Erica Albright: Yes?
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm sorry, I mean it.
Erica Albright: I appreciate that, but I have to go study.
Mark Zuckerberg: Come on, you don't have to study, you don't have to study, let's just talk.
Erica Albright: I can't.
Mark Zuckerberg: Why?
Erica Albright: Because it is exhausting! Dating you is like dating a StairMaster!
Mark Zuckerberg: All I meant is that you're not likely to... currently. I wasn't making a comment on your appearance, I was saying that you go to BU. I was stating a fact, that's all. And if it seemed rude, than of course I apologize.
Erica Albright: I have to go study.
Mark Zuckerberg: You don't have to study.
Erica Albright: Why do you keep saying I don't have to study?
Mark Zuckerberg: Because you go to BU!
Erica Albright: Mark Zuckerberg: Do you want to get some food?
Erica Albright: You called me a bitch on the Internet, Mark.
Mark Zuckerberg: That's why I wanted to talk to you.
Erica Albright: On the Internet.
Mark Zuckerberg: That's why I came over.
Erica Albright: Comparing women to farm animals.
Mark Zuckerberg: I didn't end up doing that.
Erica Albright: It didn't stop you from writing it. As if every thought that tumbles through your head was so clever it would be a crime for it not to be shared. The Internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink. And you published that Erica Albright was a bitch, right before you made some ignorant crack about my family's name, my bra size, and then rated women based on their hotness.
Reggie: Erica, is there a problem?
Erica Albright: No, there's no problem.
Erica Albright: You write your snide bullshit from a dark room because that's what the angry do nowadays. I was nice to you, don't torture me for it.
Mark Zuckerberg: If we could just go somewhere for a minute.
Erica Albright: I don't want to be rude to my friends.
Mark Zuckerberg: Okay.
Erica Albright: Okay.
Erica Albright: Good luck with your video-game.
Marylin Delpy: The site got twenty-two hundred hits within two hours?
Mark Zuckerberg: Thousand.
Marylin Delpy: I'm sorry?
Mark Zuckerberg: Twenty-two *thousand*.
Marylin Delpy: Wow.
Divya Narendra: Everybody on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was the common expression after two weeks. And Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel laureates, 15 Pulitzer prize winners, 2 future Olympians and a movie star.
Sy: Who's the movie star?
Divya Narendra: Does it matter?
Erica Albright: The Internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink.
Marylin Delpy: What are you doing?
Mark Zuckerberg: Checking in to see how it's going in Bosnia.
Marylin Delpy: Bosnia. They don't have roads, but they have Facebook.
Marylin Delpy: You must really hate the Winklevosses.
Mark Zuckerberg: I don't hate anybody. The "Winklevii" aren't suing me for intellectual property theft. They're suing me because for the first time in their lives, things didn't go exactly the way they were supposed to for them.
Amy: You don't know my name, do you?
Sean Parker: Is it Stanford?
Amy: I should just kick your ass! How do you go to a party and you meet somebody...
Sean Parker: Amelia Ritter, but you prefer Amy. You're from Orinda. Your father's in commercial real estate, and your mother's ten years sober.
Amy: What's my major?
Sean Parker: Trombone?
Amy: Really?
Sean Parker: I remember something about a trombone.
Erica Albright: Well, why don't you just concentrate on being the best you you can be.
Mark Zuckerberg: Did you really just say that?
Erica Albright: I was kidding. Although just because something's trite doesn't make it any less true.
Mark Zuckerberg: I want to try to be straightforward with you and tell you I think you might want to be a little more supportive. If I get in I will be taking you to the events, and the gatherings, and you'll be meeting a lot of people you wouldn't normally get to meet.
Erica Albright: You would do that for me?
Mark Zuckerberg: We're dating.
Erica Albright: Okay. Well I want to be straightforward with you and let you know that we're not anymore.
Mark Zuckerberg: What do you mean?
Erica Albright: We're not dating anymore, I'm sorry.
Mark Zuckerberg: Is this a joke?
Erica Albright: No, it's not.
Mark Zuckerberg: You're breaking up with me?
Erica Albright: You're going to introduce me to people I wouldn't normally have the chance to to meet? What the f... what is that supposed to mean?
Mark Zuckerberg: Wait. Settle down...
Erica Albright: What is it supposed to mean?
Mark Zuckerberg: Erica, the reason we're able to sit here and drink right now is because you used to sleep with the door guy.
Erica Albright: The door guy? His name is Bobby. I have not slept with the door guy. The door guy is a friend of mine, and he is a perfectly good class of people. And what part of Long Island are you from, Wimbledon?
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm just saying I need to do something substantial in order to get the attention of the clubs.
Erica Albright: Why?
Mark Zuckerberg: Because they're exclusive. And fun. And they lead to a better life.
Erica Albright: Teddy Roosevelt didn't get elected president because he was a member of the Phoenix club.
Mark Zuckerberg: He was a member of the Porcelain, and yes he did.
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm not a bad guy.
Marylin Delpy: I know that. When there's emotional testimony, I assume that 85% of it is exaggeration.
Mark Zuckerberg: And the other fifteen?
Marylin Delpy: Perjury. Creation myths need a Devil.
Eduardo Saverin: Hey, Mark.
Mark Zuckerberg: Wardo.
Eduardo Saverin: You and Erica split up.
Mark Zuckerberg: How did you know that?
Eduardo Saverin: It's on your blog.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah.
Eduardo Saverin: Are you all right?
Mark Zuckerberg: I need you.
Eduardo Saverin: I'm here for you.
Mark Zuckerberg: No, I need the algorithm you used to rank chess players.
Eduardo Saverin: Are you OK?
Mark Zuckerberg: We're ranking girls.
Cameron Winklevoss: Is there any way to make this a fair fight?
Tyler Winklevoss: We could jump out and swim.
Cameron Winklevoss: We'd have to jump out and drown.
Tyler Winklevoss: Well, you could forward and I could row backward.
Cameron Winklevoss: We're genetically identical. Science says we'd stay in one place.
Tyler Winklevoss: Just row the damn boat.
Eduardo Saverin: Open your present. It's a silk scarf.
Christy: Have you EVER seen me wear a scarf?
Eduardo Saverin: This will be your first.
Tyler Winklevoss: Sir, it's against university rules to steal from another student, plain and simple.
Larry Summers: You've spoken to your house master?
Cameron Winklevoss: Yes, sir. And the house master made a recommendation to the Ad Board, but the Ad Board won't see us.
Larry Summers: Have you tried dealing with the other student directly?
Cameron Winklevoss: Mr. Zuckerberg hasn't been responding to any of our emails or phone calls for the last two weeks. He doesn't answer when we knock on his door at Kirkland and the closest I've come to dealing with him face-to-face is when I saw him on the quad and chased him through Harvard Square.
Larry Summers: You chased him?
Cameron Winklevoss: I-I-I saw him and I know he saw me. I went after him and then he disappeared.
Larry Summers: I don't see this as a university issue.
Tyler Winklevoss: Of course this is a university issue. There's a code of ethics and an honor code and he violated them both
Larry Summers: You enter into a code of ethics with the university, not with each other.
Tyler Winklevoss: I'm sorry, president Summers, but what you just said makes no sense to me at all.
Larry Summers: I'm devastated by that.
Christy: You're asking me to believe that the CFO of Facebook doesn't know how to change his relationship status on Facebook?
Eduardo Saverin: It's a little embarrassing so you should take it as a sign of trust that I would tell you that.
Erica Albright: Is it true that they send a bus around to pick up girls who want to party with the next Fed chairman?
Mark Zuckerberg: So you can see why it's so important to get in.
Erica Albright: Okay, well, which is the easiest to get into?
Mark Zuckerberg: Why would you ask me that?
Erica Albright: I was just asking.
Mark Zuckerberg: None of them. That's the point. My friend Eduardo made $300,000 betting oil futures one summer, and Eduardo won't come close to getting in. The ability to make money doesn't impress anybody around here.
K.C.: Seven different people spammed me the same link.
KC's Friend: What is it?
K.C.: I don't know, but I'm really hoping it's cats that look like Hitler, because I can never get enough of that.
Mark Zuckerberg: I was drunk, and angry, and stupid...
Marylin Delpy: ...and Blogging.
Mark Zuckerberg: And Blogging.
Tyler Winklevoss: This isn't petty larceny. This idea is potentially worth millions of dollars.
Larry Summers: Millions!
Cameron Winklevoss: Yes.
Larry Summers: You might just be letting your imaginations run away with you.
Tyler Winklevoss: Sir, I honestly don't think you're in any position to make that call.
Larry Summers: I was the U.S. Treasury Secretary. I'm in some position to make that call.
Tyler Winklevoss: Letting our imaginations run away with us is exactly what we were told to do in your freshmen address.
Larry Summers: Then I would suggest that you let your imaginations run away with you on a new project.
Cameron Winklevoss: You would?
Larry Summers: Yes. Everyone at Harvard's inventing something. Harvard undergraduates believe that inventing a job is better than finding a job. So, I'll suggest again that the two of you come up with a new new project.
Cameron Winklevoss: I'm sorry, sir, but that's not the point.
Larry Summers: Please, arrive at the point.
Tyler Winklevoss: You don't have to be an intellectual property expert to understand the difference between right and wrong.
Larry Summers: And you're saying that I don't?
Cameron Winklevoss: Of course I'm not saying that, sir.
Tyler Winklevoss: I'm saying that.
Larry Summers: Really?
Larry Summers: Well, that's their own stupidity, I should have been there. Well, darkness is the absence of light, and the stupidity in that instance was the absence of me...
Larry Summers: Kathrine, I've got students in my office now. Students. Undergrads. I don't know, from the looks of it, they want to sell me a Brooks Brothers franchise.
Larry Summers: Larry Summers: Good morning.
Cameron Winklevoss: Good morning sir. I'm Cameron Winklevoss, and this is my brother Tyler.
Larry Summers: And you're here because... either of you can answer.
Cameron Winklevoss: Oh, I'm sorry sir, I thought you were reading the letter.
Larry Summers: I've read the letter.
Cameron Winklevoss: Well, we came up with an idea for a website called HarvardConnection, and we've since changed the name to ConnectU - and Mark Zuckerberg stole that idea...
Larry Summers: I understand. And I'm asking what you want me to do about it.
Cameron Winklevoss: Well, sir, in the Harvard student handbook, which is distributed to each freshmen, under the heading "Standards of Conduct in the Harvard Community," it says that the college expects all students to be honest and forthcoming in their dealings with members in this community. Students are required to respect public and private ownership, and instances of theft, misappropriation...
Larry Summers: Anne?
Anne: Yes, sir?
Larry Summers: Punch me in the face.
Larry Summers: Go ahead.
Cameron Winklevoss: ... or unauthorized use will result in disciplinary action, including a requirement to withdraw from the college.
Larry Summers: And you memorized that instead of doing what?
Sean Parker: What's the package?
Mark Zuckerberg: Nothing.
Sean Parker: Mackey?
Mackey: Yes, sir?
Sean Parker: Refresh!
Sean Parker: And you're not a hugger, I know.
Marylin Delpy: Pay them. In the scheme of things, it's a speeding ticket.
Sean Parker: Your major is French.
Amy: And yours?
Sean Parker: Mine? I don't have one.
Amy: You haven't declared?
Sean Parker: I don't go to school.
Amy: You're kidding!
Sean Parker: No.
Amy: Well, where did you go to school?
Sean Parker: William Taft Elementary for a little while.
Amy: Seriously? You're not like 15-years old or anything, are you?
Sean Parker: No. Wait, you're not like 15, are you?
Amy: No.
Mark Zuckerberg: So how's it going? How's the internship? How's Christy?
Eduardo Saverin: How's the internship?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah.
Eduardo Saverin: Mark... Jesus... I quit the internship. We talked about this on the phone. I quit on my first day.
Mark Zuckerberg: I do remember you saying that. So how is Christy?
Eduardo Saverin: Christy's crazy.
Mark Zuckerberg: Is that fun?
Eduardo Saverin: No. I mean, she's actually psychotic. She's insanely jealous, she's irrational, and I'm frightened of her.
Mark Zuckerberg: Still, it's nice you have a girlfriend.
Sean Parker: You're twenty minutes late. You're gonna walk in there and say you overslept and didn't have time to get dressed. They're gonna pitch you. Case Equity is gonna pitch you. They're gonna beg you to take their money. You're gonna nod, you're gonna nod, you're gonna nod, and then you're gonna say, "Which one of you is Roth?" No, not Roth. Manningham. "Which one of you is Mitchell Manningham?" And he'll say, "I am." And then you say, "Sean Parker says, 'Fuck you,'" Walk out.
Eduardo Saverin: They're saying, the Winklevoss twins are saying that you stole their idea.
Mark Zuckerberg: I find that to be a little more than mildly annoying.
Eduardo Saverin: Oh? Well, they find it to be intellectual property theft. Why didn't you show this to me?
Mark Zuckerberg: It was addressed to me.
Eduardo Saverin: They're saying that we stole theFaceBook from Divya Narendera and the Winklevosses.
Mark Zuckerberg: I know what it says!
Eduardo Saverin: Did we?
Mark Zuckerberg: Did we what?
Eduardo Saverin: Don't screw around with me now. Look at me!
Mark Zuckerberg: Eduardo Saverin: The letter says we could face legal action.
Mark Zuckerberg: No, it says I could face legal action.
Eduardo Saverin: This is from a lawyer Mark, they must feel they have some grounds.
Mark Zuckerberg: The lawyer is their father's house council!
Eduardo Saverin: Do they have grounds?
Mark Zuckerberg: The grounds are our thing is cool and popular and HarvardConnection is lame! Wardo, I didn't use any of their code, I promise. I didn't use anything! Look, a guy who builds a nice chair doesn't owe money to everyone who ever has built a chair, okay? They came to me with an idea, I had a better one.
Eduardo Saverin: Why didn't you show me this letter?
Mark Zuckerberg: I didn't think it was a big deal.
Eduardo Saverin: Okay, if there's something wrong. If there's ever anything wrong, you can tell me, I'm the guy that wants to help. This is OUR thing. Now, is there ANYTHING that you need to tell me?
Mark Zuckerberg: No.
Eduardo Saverin: Don't fish eat other fish? The marlins and the trout!
Erica Albright: You know, from a woman's perspective, sometimes not singing in an a cappella group is a good thing.
Mark Zuckerberg: This is serious.
Erica Albright: On the other hand, I do like guys who row crew.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, I can't do that.
Erica Albright: I was kidding!
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I got nothing wrong on the test.
Erica Albright: Have you ever tried?
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm trying right now.
Erica Albright: To row crew?
Mark Zuckerberg: To get into a Final Club. To row crew? No, are you like, whatever, delusional?
Erica Albright: Maybe, it's just sometimes you say two things at once, I'm not sure which one I'm supposed to be aiming at.
Mark Zuckerberg: But you've seen guys who row crew right?
Erica Albright: No.
Mark Zuckerberg: Okay, well, they're bigger than me. They're world class athletes. And a second ago you said that you like guys who row crew so I assumed you had met one.
Erica Albright: I guess I just meant I like the idea of it. You know, the way a girl likes cowboys.
Sean Parker: And that's where you're headed, a billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice, in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish, or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
Christy: No, he's holding a three-thousand-pound marlin.
Sean Parker: Yup!
Mark Zuckerberg: That's a good analogy.
Eduardo Saverin: Okay, but we all know that marlins don't really weigh three-thousand pounds, right?
Christy: Have you seen the big ones up close?
Eduardo Saverin: No I haven't, but I really don't think the guy's holding a marlin the size of a Range Rover. That would be a really big fish and a very strong guy.
Christy: You think we might be getting away from the point?
Mark Zuckerberg: Shit!
Eduardo Saverin: Yeah.
Sean Parker: They'll hire private detectives who'll follow you day and night. You're a target for high-priced escorts. I can't prove it, but I know they tap my phones. Whatever it is that's gonna trip you up, you've done already. Private behaviour is a relic of a time gone by, and if somehow, someway, you've managed to live your life like the Dalai Lama, they'll make shit up. Because they don't want you, they want your idea.
Eduardo Saverin: I do not want that guy representing himself as part of this company.
Mark Zuckerberg: You gotta move out here, Wardo, this is where it's all happening.
Eduardo Saverin: Did you hear what I just said?
Mark Zuckerberg: The connections, the energy...
Eduardo Saverin: Mark, you got...
Mark Zuckerberg: I'm afraid if you don't come out here, you're gonna get left behind. I want... I need you out here. Please don't tell him I said that.
Eduardo Saverin: What did you just say?
Mark Zuckerberg: It's moving faster than any of us ever imagined it would. It's moving fast...
Eduardo Saverin: What did you mean?
Mark Zuckerberg: ...and Sean thinks we have...
Eduardo Saverin: Sean is not part of this company.
Mark Zuckerberg: We have over 300,000 members, Wardo, and we're in 160 schools, including five in Europe.
Eduardo Saverin: I'm aware of that! Mark, I am the CFO!
Mark Zuckerberg: We need more servers than I ever expected we'd need. We need more programmers and we need more money, and he set up the Thiel meeting. He set up meetings all over town.
Eduardo Saverin: He set up other meetings?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes.
Eduardo Saverin: Without me knowing anything about it.
Mark Zuckerberg: You're in New York.
Eduardo Saverin: I'm in New York riding subways 14 hours a day, trying to find advertisers!
Mark Zuckerberg: And how's it going so far?
Eduardo Saverin: What did you mean, "get left behind"?
Mark Zuckerberg: I invented Facebook.
Marylin Delpy: I'm talking about a jury. I specialize in voir dire - jury selection. And what the jury sees when they look at the defendant. Clothes, hair, speaking style... likability.
Mark Zuckerberg: Likability?
Marylin Delpy: I've been licensed to practice law for all of 20 months and I could get a jury to believe you planted the story about Eduardo and the chicken. Watch what else. Why weren't you at Sean's sorority party that night?
Mark Zuckerberg: You think I'm the one who called the police?
Marylin Delpy: Doesn't matter. I asked the question and now everyone's thinking about it. You've lost your jury in the first ten minutes.
Sean Parker: You don't even know what the thing is yet. How big it can get, how far it can go. This is no time to take your chips down. A million dollars isn't cool, you know what's cool?
Eduardo Saverin: You?
Sean Parker: A billion dollars.
Mark Zuckerberg: Eduardo, it's like a Final Club except we're the president.
Mark Zuckerberg: People want to go online and check out their friends, so why not build a website that offers that? Friends, pictures, profiles, whatever you can visit, browse around, maybe it's someone you just met at a party. Eduardo, I'm not talking about a dating site, I'm talking about taking the entire social experience of college and putting it online.
Divya Narendra: You can't get a meeting with Larry Summers.
Cameron Winklevoss: My brother and I pay tuition at this school, we carry a 3.9 GPA at this school, we've won trophies for this school and we'll be rowing in the Olympics for this school. I want a meeting with the goddam president of this school.
K.C.'s Friend: What ever happened to Cole Porter and Irving Berlin?
KC's Friend: It's a Valentine's theme. They're singing love songs.
K.C.'s Friend: Good point, 'cause Cole Porter and Irving Berlin never wrote any love songs.
Cameron Winklevoss: Screw it! Let's gut the friggin' nerd!
Eduardo Saverin: This is absurd. I'm being accused of animal cruelty, it's better to be accused of necrophilia.
Mark Zuckerberg: It *IS* better to be accused of necrophilia.
Amy: So what do you do?
Sean Parker: I'm an entrepreneur.
Amy: You're unemployed.
Sean Parker: I wouldn't say that.
Amy: What would you say?
Sean Parker: That I'm an entrepreneur.
Sean Parker: You mind if I check my email?
Amy: Yeah, go ahead.
Sean Parker: Amy? Amy!
Amy: Yeah?
Sean Parker: Can you come out here?
Amy: Just a second.
Sean Parker: There's a snake in here, Amy.
Amy: What?
Amy: Where?
Sean Parker: Okay, there isn't a snake but I need to ask you something.
Amy: Are you kidding me? I could have been killed!
Sean Parker: How?
Amy: By running too fast! And getting twisted in the curtain. What do you need to ask me?
Sean Parker: I went to check my email and there's a website open on your computer?
Amy: Yeah, after you passed out last night I went on The Facebook for a little bit.
Sean Parker: What's that?
Amy: The Facebook? Stanford's had it for like, two weeks now. It's really awesome except it's freakishly addicting. Seriously, I'm on the thing like five times a day.
Sean Parker: Mind if I send myself an email?
Amy: Yeah, is everything okay?
Sean Parker: Everything's great. I just need to find you, Mark Zuckerberg.
Erica Albright: Must be nice. He made $300,000 in a summer?
Mark Zuckerberg: He likes meteorology.
Erica Albright: You said it was oil futures.
Mark Zuckerberg: You can read the weather, you can predict the price of heating oil.
Tyler Winklevoss: I broke your 335-year old doorknob.
Larry Summers: Anne, how did they get this appointment?
Anne: Colleagues of their father.
Larry Summers: Let me tell you something, Mr. Winklevoss and... Mr. Winklevoss, since you're on the subject of right or wrong. This action, this meeting, the two of you being here, is WRONG. It's not worthy of Harvard. It's not what Harvard saw in you. You don't get special treatment.
Divya Narendra: This guy doesn't have three friends to rub together to have a fourth.
Amy: You're a zillionaire!
Sean Parker: Not technically.
Amy: What are you?
Sean Parker: Broke. There's not a lot of money in free music, even less when you're being sued by everyone who's ever been to the Grammys.
Amy: This is blowing my mind.
Sean Parker: I appreciate that.
Amy: I gotta hop in the shower and get ready for class.
Sean Parker: Bio-Chem even though you're a French major who's name is Amy.
Amy: You passed.
Sean Parker: I'm a hard worker.
Eduardo Saverin: A psychiatrist would have said he was paranoid.
Sean Parker: You know why I started Napster? A girl I loved in high school was with the co-captain of the lacrosse team and I wanted to take her from him so I decided to come up with the next big thing.
Mark Zuckerberg: I didn't know th...
Sean Parker: Napster wasn't a failure. I changed the music industry for better and for always. It may not have been good business but it pissed a lot of people off. And wasn't that what Facemash was about? They're scare of me, pal, and they're gonna be scared of you. What the VC's want is to say, 'Good idea, kid. The grown-ups will take it from here.' But not this time. This is OUR time. This time you're gonna hand 'em a business card that says 'I'm CEO... bitch.' That's what I want for you. So where the hell's Eduardo?
Mark Zuckerberg: He's in New York.
Sean Parker: Sucking up to ad execs.
Mark Zuckerberg: He's got an...
Sean Parker: - an internship? The company's here. A billion dollar company is here. Do you live and breathe Facebook?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes.
Sean Parker: Wardo wants to be a businessman and for all I know he's gonna be a good one but he shouldn't be in New York kissing Madison Avenue's ass. This is a once-in-a-generation-holy-shit idea and the water under the Golden Gate Bridge is freezing cold. Look at my face and tell me I don't know what I'm talking about.
Mark Zuckerberg: Do you ever think about the girl?
Sean Parker: What girl?
Mark Zuckerberg: The one... the girl in high school who was... with the lacrosse thing.
Sean Parker: No.
Gage: 39 days after the initial meeting with my clients and Mr. Zuckerberg still hadn't completed work on HarvardConnection. But, on January 1st, 2004, Mr. Zuckerberg registered the domain name "theFacebook" by, uh, Network Solutions. To the best of your knowledge, had he even begun work on HarvardConnection?
Eduardo Saverin: Not to my knowledge. No.
Sean Parker: I didn't wanna spend my twenties as a professional defendant. Who knew? The music industry doesn't have a sense of humour? We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties, but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas. So we said 'screw it'... declared bankruptcy.
Mark Zuckerberg: The truth is she has a nice face. I need to do something to take my mind off her. Easy enough, except I need an idea.     