
Anonymous: Mr. Rathod, what do you do if a cockroach enters your house? You don't make it your pet, you just kill it. These pests were spoiling my house and now I want to clean it.
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Who are you?
Anonymous: I'm someone who is afraid to get into a bus or a train these days. I'm someone whose wife thinks that he is going to war while I'm actually going to my work. She is afraid that I may not return. She calls up every two hours to find if I had my tea, to find if I had my lunch. Actually she wants to find out whether I'm still alive or not. I'm someone who sometimes gets stuck in the rain or in the blasts. I'm someone who suspects the person carrying a rosary. I'm also the one who is afraid to grow his beard and wear a cap. If I buy a shop I'm afraid to choose a name as someone might see the name and burn it during the riots. No matter whoever is fighting, I'm the first one to get killed. You must have seen a crowd. Choose a person from it. I'm that person. I'm just a stupid common man wanting to clean his house.
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: He told me his name, but I won't let you know it, because people often search for the religion in the name.
Anonymous: They've asked this question on a Friday, repeated on Tuesday and I am just replying it on a Wednesday.
Anonymous: I am that person who is scared to travel in a bus. I am that person who either gets trapped in rain or in a blast.I am that person who used to doubt others just by looking at their wrists and i am also that person who is scared to grow beard and wear a cap.I am that person who is gives a deep thought to chose a name of his/her shop for trading fearing that my property may get destroyed in a riot.Whoever is involved in a quarrel,its me who is always killed in the end.Just look at a crowd of thousands & select one face.I am that person.I am just a stupid common man.
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Are you afraid?
Jai Pratap Singh - PI: No sir!
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Are you married?
Jai Pratap Singh - PI: Two years ago!
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Do you have a child?
Jai Pratap Singh - PI: I have a 3 month old daughter!
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: What if you die?
Jai Pratap Singh - PI: I don't care!
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: I want you to find the bombs within ten minutes!
Jai Pratap Singh - PI: You'll get it sir!
Ibrahim Khan: Now what will you do?
Arif Khan - ATS Officer: First I will clean my ear.I am finding it hard to hear.
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Whatever you are doing is wrong.This is not the right way.
Anonymous: But today i am concerned only about the end-result, not the way to achieve it.
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Who were the faces of the morning?
Jai Pratap Singh - PI, Arif Khan - ATS Officer: Own
Prakash Rathod - Commissioner of Police: Oh, Complete the operation and come for drink in the evening at my place.     