
Cliff Booth: Oh, I know you. I know all three of you! Yeah, Spahn Ranch! Spahn Ranch, yeah! Woo!
Cliff Booth: I don't know your name, but I remember that hair.
Cliff Booth: And you, I remember your white little face.
Cliff Booth: And you were on a horsey! Yeah... you are?
Tex: I'm the Devil. And I'm here to do the Devil's business.
Cliff Booth: ...Nah, it was dumber than that. Something like Rex.
Sadie: God, shoot him, Tex!
Cliff Booth: Tex!
Jay Sebring: Is everybody okay?
Rick Dalton: Well... the fuckin' hippies aren't. That's for goddamn sure.
Bruce Lee: You're the one with the big mouth, and I would really enjoy closing it, especially in front of all my friends. But my hands are registered as lethal weapons. That means, we get into a fight, I accidentally kill you? I go to jail.
Cliff Booth: Anybody accidentally kills anybody in a fight, they go to jail. It's called manslaughter.
Cliff Booth: Don't cry in front of the Mexicans.
Narrator: When you come to the end of the line, with a buddy who is more than a brother and a little less than a wife, getting blind drunk together is really the only way to say farewell.
Cliff Booth: You are real, right?
Tex: I'm as real as a donut, motherfucker.
Rick Dalton: What the hell are you looking at, you little ginger-haired fucker?
Rick Dalton: Hey! You're a good friend, Cliff.
Cliff Booth: I try.
Cliff Booth: All right. What's the matter, partner?
Rick Dalton: It's official, old buddy. I'm a has-been.
Rick Dalton: To my wife and all my sweethearts. May they never meet.
Allen Kincade: So, uh, Rick, explain to the audience exactly what it is a stunt double does.
Rick Dalton: Well, actors are required to do a lot of dangerous stuff. Say Jake Cahill gets shot off his horse. Now, can I fall off a horse? Yes, I can. Yes, I have.
Rick Dalton: But say I fall off wrong and I sprain my wrist or twist my ankle. Now, that can put an undue burden on the production because now maybe I can't work for a week. So Cliff here is meant to help carry the load.
Allen Kincade: Is that, uh, how you'd describe your job, Cliff?
Cliff Booth: What, carrying his load? Yeah, that's about right.
Rick Dalton: My buddy and his dog killed two of them and, no shit, I torched the last one.
Jay Sebring: Torched?
Rick Dalton: Yeah, I burnt her ass to a crisp.
Rick Dalton: Anybody order fried sauerkraut? Burn, you Nazi bastards! Ha ha ha!
Cliff Booth: Hey! You're Rick fucking Dalton. Don't you forget it.
Rick Dalton: You fuckin' hippies came up here to smoke dope on a dark road, huh?
Cliff Booth: And away we go.
Janet: Get the wardrobe off, get your shit and get fucked!
Randy: Janet!
Janet: What?
Randy: I will handle this!
Janet: Then fucking handle it, Randy!
Randy: Cliff, get the wardrobe off, get your shit and get off the lot.
Bruce Lee: You know, you're kinda pretty for a stuntman.
Cliff Booth: That's what they tell me.
Marvin Schwarz: So Rick, who's gonna kick the shit out of you next week? Mannix? The Man from U.N.C.L.E.? The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.? How about Batman and Robin?
Marvin Schwarz: Ping! Pow! Choom! Zoom! Down goes you, down goes your career as a leading man.
Marvin Schwarz: It is so much fun. All the shooting...
Marvin Schwarz: I love that stuff, you know, with the killing.
Rick Dalton: Lot of killing, lot of killing.
Pussycat: Want me to suck your cock while driving?
Cliff Booth: How old are you?
Pussycat: What?
Cliff Booth: How old are you?
Pussycat: Wow, man. First time anybody asked that in a long time.
Cliff Booth: What's the answer?
Pussycat: Okay, we gonna play kiddie games? Eighteen. Feel better?
Cliff Booth: You got some I.D., you know, like, a driver's license or something?
Pussycat: Are you joking?
Cliff Booth: No, I'm not. I need to see something official that verifies that you're eighteen, which you don't have because you're not.
Gypsy: Welcome to our community.
Cliff Booth: Thanks for having me.
Gypsy: And thanks for giving our precious Pussy a ride home.
Cliff Booth: Think nothing of it.
Gypsy: We love Pussy.
Cliff Booth: Yes, we do.
Rick Dalton: Look, chief. You don't belong here. Now take this mechanical asshole and get it off my fucking street!
Rick Dalton: Hey, Dennis Hopper! Move this fucking piece of shit!
Pussycat: This was a mistake; you should leave.
Cliff Booth: Way ahead of you.
Rick Dalton: All right, that's too hot. Anything we can do about that heat?
Flamethrower Trainer: Rick, it's a flamethrower.
Sharon Tate: Aww, what's the matter? You afraid I'll tell Jim Morrison you were dancing to Paul Revere & The Raiders? Are they not cool enough for you?
Cliff Booth: All the streets are silent... except when Rick Dalton's got a fucking shotgun, I'll tell you that.
Rick Dalton: I ain't gonna hurt her. I just want her to play the fiddle. Now go fetch her and tell her I'll give her a fat, five-dollar gold piece if she play her little chili pepper heart out!
Cliff Booth: If something were to happen to my boss's car, well, I'd get in trouble. Lucky for you, he's got a spare. Fix it!
Clem: Fuck you!
Cliff Booth: Stay Where You Fucking Are... Or I'll KNOCK HIS FUCKING TEETH IN!
Randy: What's up, babe?
Janet: What's up, Randy, is that your loser arsehole, wife-killing buddy boy here was beating the shit out of Bruce!
Randy: What?
Cliff Booth: Hey, Randy.
Randy: Cliff! What the fuck, man!
Bruce Lee: Let me just say, nobody beat the shit out of Bruce. It was a friendly contest. He barely touched me.
Trudi: I don't like names like 'Pumpkin Puss'... but since you're upset, we'll talk about it some other time.
Rick Dalton: I could be one pool party away from starring in a Polanski movie!
Pussycat: George isn't blind! YOU'RE THE BLIND ONE!
Trudi: I believe it's the job of an actor - and I say actor, not actress because the word actress is nonsensical - it's the actor's job to avoid impediments to their performance. It's the actor's job to strive for one hundred percent effectiveness. Naturally, we never succeed, but it's the pursuit..that's meaningful.
Trudi: That was the best acting I've ever seen in my whole life.
Rick Dalton: Thank you.
Rick Dalton: Rick fuckin' Dalton!
Bruce Lee: Did I say something funny, stuntman?
Cliff Booth: Yeah, you kind of did.
Rick Dalton: Better drag. More flavor. Less throat burn. That's the Red Apple way.
Sadie: Fuck you, Katie! Sorry I don't know the name of every fascist on TV in the 50s.
Bounty Law Promo Announcer: This man is worth 500 dollars. And this man's going to collect. He's Jake Cahill, and he lives by... "Bounty Law".
Trudi: Naturally, we never succeed, but it's the pursuit..that's meaningful.
Rick Dalton: You want me to look like a hippie?
Sam Wanamaker: Think less hippie, more Hells Angel. Wroom! Wroom-wroom!
Gypsy: You can't see him right now.
Cliff Booth: Why can't I see him right now?
Pussycat: Cause he's napping. This is his nap time.
Sadie: We are in fucking Hollywood, man. The people an entire generation grew up watching kill people, live here. And they live in pigshit fucking luxury. I say fuck 'em. I say we cut their cocks off and make them eat it.
Sam Wanamaker: Give me evil, sexy Hamlet. Settle into it. Enjoy it. And cut!
Radio Station Jingle: Los Angeles Weather
Weather Announcement: Hot today! Heated 95 the high, sunny, NO smog.. well, what I mean is ALOT of smog. Up to 105 in the San Fernando Valley...
Tex: You two ready to kill some piggies?     