
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: We've got two stories here: a story about degenerate clergy, and a story about a bunch of lawyers turning child abuse into a cottage industry. Which story do you want us to write? Because we're writing one of them.
Mitchell Garabedian: If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a village to abuse one.
Marty Baron: Sometimes it's easy to forget that we spend most of our time stumbling around the dark. Suddenly, a light gets turned on and there's a fair share of blame to go around. I can't speak to what happened before I arrived, but all of you have done some very good reporting here. Reporting that I believe is going to have an immediate and considerable impact on our readers. For me, this kind of story is why we do this.
Mike Rezendes: We got Law. This is it.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: No, this is Law covering for one priest, there's another ninety out there.
Mike Rezendes: Yeah, and we'll print that story when we get it, but we got to go with this now.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: No, I'm not going to rush this story, Mike.
Mike Rezendes: We don't have a choice, Robby. If we don't rush to print, somebody else is going to find these letters and butcher this story. Joe Quimby from the Herald was at the freaking courthouse!
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Mike.
Mike Rezendes: What? Why are we hesitating? Baron told us to get Law. This is Law.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Baron told us to get the system. We need the full scope. That's the only thing that will put an end to this.
Mike Rezendes: Then let's take it up to Ben and let him decide.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: We'll take it to Ben when I say it's time.
Mike Rezendes: It's time, Robby! It's time! They knew and they let it happen! To KIDS! Okay? It could have been you, it could have been me, it could have been any of us. We gotta nail these scumbags! We gotta show people that nobody can get away with this; Not a priest, or a cardinal or a freaking pope!
Mike Rezendes: Six percent is 90.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: 90 priests?
Ben Bradlee Jr.: If there were 90 of these bastards, people would know.
Mike Rezendes: Maybe they do.
Peter Canellos: They say it's just physical abuse but it's more than that, this was spiritual abuse. You know why I went along with everything? Because priests, are supposed to be the good guys.
Marty Baron: We need to focus on the institution, not the individual priests. Practice and policy; show me the church manipulated the system so that these guys wouldn't have to face charges, show me they put those same priests back into parishes time and time again. Show me this was systemic, that it came from the top, down.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: Sounds like we're going after Law.
Marty Baron: We're going after the system.
Cardinal Law: If I can be of any help, Marty, don't hesitate to ask. I find that the city flourishes when its great institutions work together.
Marty Baron: Thank you. Personally I'm of the opinion that for a paper to best perform its function, it really needs to stand alone.
Mike Rezendes: Mitch, are you telling me that the Catholic Church removed legal documents from that courthouse?
Mitchell Garabedian: Look, I'm not crazy, I'm not paranoid. I'm experienced. Check the docket. You'll see. They control everything.
Jim Sullivan: I was doing my job.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Yeah, you and everyone else.
Mike Rezendes: They knew and they let it happen! It could've been you, it could've been me, it could've been any of us.
Mitchell Garabedian: This city, these people... making the rest of us feel like we don't belong. But they're no better than us. Look at how they treat their children. Mark my words, Mr. Rezendes. If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a village to abuse one.
Marty Baron: Did everyone read Eileen McNamara's column this weekend?
Boston Globe Worker: That's the Geoghan case?
Marty Baron: Yeah, what's the follow on that?
Ben Bradlee Jr.: It-It's a column, what kind of follow are you thinking?
Marty Baron: Uh... well apparently this priest molested kids in 6 different parishes over the last 30 years and the attorney for the victims, a Mr...
Eileen McNamara: Garabedian
Marty Baron: Thanks Eileen, Mr Garabedian says Cardinal Law found out about it 15 years ago and did nothing.
Paul Burke: Yeah, I think that attorney is a bit of a crank, and The Church dismissed the claim.
Eileen McNamara: He-said she-said.
Marty Baron: Whether Mr Garabedian is a 'crank' or not, he says he has documents that prove that Cardinal knew.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: As I understand that those documents are under seal.
Marty Baron: Okay, but the fact remains a Boston priest abused 80 kids, we have a lawyer who says he can prove Law knew about it and we've written all of... uh... 2 stories in the last 6 months. This strikes me as an essential story to a local paper, I think the very least we have to go through those documents.
Paul Burke: How would you like to do that?
Marty Baron: Oh uh, I don't know what the laws are here, but in Florida we would go to court.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: You wanna sue the Church?
Marty Baron: Technically we wouldn't sue the Church, we'd file a motion to lift the seal on the documents.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: The Church will read that as us suing them. So will everybody else.
Marty Baron: Good to know.
Mitchell Garabedian: He's one of the lucky ones. He's still alive.
Mitchell Garabedian: I'm Armenian. How many Armenians do you know in Boston ?
Mike Rezendes: Steve Kurkjian, works at the Globe...
Mitchell Garabedian: Oh. That's two. You should get a prize or something.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Spotlight.
Mike Rezendes: I know there's things you cannot tell people. But I also know there's a story here people will hear about it.
Mitchell Garabedian: Three years ago I get a call from an ex-priest, Anthony Benzovich. He was at Blessed Sacrament back in '62, and he saw Geoghan...
Mitchell Garabedian: ... taking little boys up to the rectory bedroom. So he's appalled, all right? And tells the bishop about it. The bishop threatens to re-assign him... to South America.
Mike Rezendes: Jesus.
Mike Rezendes: Yeah. So, fast forward thirty-five years. Benzovich reads that Geoghan has been charged with molesting hundreds of kids. So, he feels guilty. He calls me.
Mike Rezendes: So, you have testimony of a priest telling his superiors about Geoghan in '62?
Mitchell Garabedian: No, I do not. Because when I call Benzovich in to give a disposition, he comes in with a lawyer.
Mike Rezendes: Wilson Rogers!
Mitchell Garabedian: Right. And suddenly, Father Benzovich has a very foggy memory. Can't remember anything. He's useless. So, I go back to work, I forget about it, whatever. Until about a year ago, I find an article about a priest who warned church officials about Geoghan.
Mike Rezendes: Benzovich went to the press?
Mitchell Garabedian: Yeah. Local paper, Patriot-Ledger. Nobody saw it. But now I got Benzovich on record. So, I file a motion to depose Benzovich a second time. And Wilson Rogers, that smug son of a bitch, files a motion opposing my motion. And that's when I have him.
Mike Rezendes: Have him how?
Mitchell Garabedian: Rogers opposes my motion, so I have to make an argument as to why I'm allowed to depose Father Benzovich a second time. Okay? But this time, I'm allowed to attach exhibits. You follow what I'm saying?
Mike Rezendes: The sealed documents?
Mitchell Garabedian: Yes! I can attach the sealed documents that I've gotten in discovery, Mr. Rezendes, the same documents your paper is currently suing for.
Mike Rezendes: You're shitting me!
Mitchell Garabedian: What? No, no, I'm not shitting you! So, I pull out the fourteen most damning docs, and I attach them to my motion. And they prove everything. Everything! About the church, about the bishops, about Law...
Mike Rezendes: And it's all public! Because your motion to oppose Rogers' motion...
Mitchell Garabedian: ...is public, yeah. Exactly. Now you're paying attention.
Mike Rezendes: So, I can just walk into that courtroom right now and get those documents?
Mitchell Garabedian: No, you cannot. Because the documents are not there.
Mike Rezendes: But you just said they're public.
Mitchell Garabedian: I know I did. But this is Boston. And the church does not want them to be found. So, they are not there.
Phil Saviano: I was eleven. And I was preyed upon by father David Holly in Wester. And I don't mean prayed for, I mean preyed upon.
Mitchell Garabedian: I don't want you recording this in any way, shape or form. Nothing.
Sacha Pfeiffer: We understand you settled several cases against the church.
Eric Macleish: I can't discuss that.
Sacha Pfeiffer: Are there any records of any of these settlements?
Eric Macleish: No.
Title Card: Over the course of 2002, the Spotlight team published close to 600 stories about the scandal.
Title Card: 249 priests and brothers were publicly accused of sexual abuse within the Boston Archdiocese. The number of survivors in Boston is estimated to be well over 1,000.
Title Card: In December 2002, Cardinal Law resigned from the Boston Archdiocese. He was reassigned to the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome, one of the highest ranking Roman Catholic churches in the world.
Title Card: Major abuse scandals have been uncovered in the following places: Albany, NY, Altoona, PA, Anchorage, AK, Anchorage, KY, Baker, OR, Baltimore, MD, Billings, MT, Bridgeport, CT, Briscoe Memorial, WA, Brooklyn, NY, Burlington, VT, Camden, NJ, Cape Girardeau, MO, Charleston, SC, Chicago, IL, Cincinnati, OH, Cleveland, OH, Collegeville, MN, Conway Springs, KS, Covington, KY, Dallas, TX, Davenport, IA, Denver, CO, Detroit, MI, Dubuque, IA, East Greenwich, RI, El Paso, TX, Fairbanks, AK, Fall River, MA, Fargo, ND, Farmington, IA, Fort Worth, TX, Gallup, NM, Goshen, NY, Grand Mound, IA, Grand Rapids, MI, Greenbush, MN, Hannibal, CT, Helena, MT, Honolulu, HI, Indianapolis, IN, Jackson, MS, Joliet, IL, Kansas, City, KS, Kansas, City, MO, Lincoln, NE, Los Angeles, CA, Los Gatos, CA, Louisville, KY, Manchester, NH, Marietta, GA, Marty Indian School, SD, Memphis, TN, Mendham, NJ, Miami, FL, Milwaukee, WI, Mobile, AL, Monterey, CA, Nashville, TN, New Orleans, LA, New York, NY, Oakland, CA, Omaha, NE, Onamia, MN, Orange, CA, Palm Beach, FL, Peoria, IL, Philadelphia, PA, Phoenix, AZ, Pittsburgh, PA, Portland, OR, Providence, RI, Raleigh, NC, Richmond, VA, Rochester, NY, Rockville Centre, NY, Rosebud Reservation, SD, Sacramento, CA, San Antonio, TX, San Bernardino, CA, San Diego, CA, Santa Barbara, CA, Santa Fe, NM, Santa Rosa, CA, Savannah, GA, Scranton, PA, Seattle, WA, Spokane, WA, Springfield, MA, St. Francis, WI, St. Ignatius, MT, St. Louis, MO, St. Michael, AK, St. Paul/Minneapolis, MN, Stebbins, AK, Stockton, CA, Tucson, AZ, Wellesley, MA, Wilmington, DE, Worcester, MA, Yakima, WA, Yuma, AZ, Adelaide, Australia, Akute, Nigeria, Antigonish, Canada, Arapiraca, Brazil, Auckland, New Zealand, Ayacucho, Peru, Ballarat, Australia, Bass Hill, Australia, Bathurst, Australia, Berazategui, Argentina, Berlin, Germany, Bindoon, Australia, Bo, Sierra Leone, Bontoc, Philippines, Brits, South Africa, Bruges, Belgium, Buenos Aires, Argentia, Caen, France, Canberra, Australia, Cape Town, South Africa, Cebu City, Philippines, Chatham, Canada, Chimbote, Peru, Christchurch, New Zealand, Ciudad de México, México, Comillas, Spain, Cottolengo, Chile, Cuacnopalan, Mexico, Curracloe, Ireland, Dandenong, Australia, Dublin, Ireland, Edinburgh, Scotland, Feilding, New Zealand, Flawinne, Belgium, Franca, Brazil, Gortahork, Ireland, Goulbara, Australia, Grenada, Spain, Hamilton, New Zealand, Hobart, Australia, Hollabrunn, Austria, Igloolik, Canada, Kilnacrott, Ireland, Kircubbin, Northern Ireland, Latticefield, Australia, Letterfrack, Ireland, London, England, Lota, Ireland, Maipú, Chile, Manchester, England, Manila, Philippines, Mariana, Brazil, Masterton, New Zealand, Medellín, Colombia, Melbourne, Australia, Melipilla, Chile, Mérida, Venezuela, Middlesbrough, England, Mildura, Australia, Mittagong, Australia, Monageer, Ireland, Morisset, Australia, Morón, Argentina, Mount Isa, Australia, Munich, Germany, Nairobi, Kenya, Naval, Philippines, Neerkol, Australia, Newcastle, Australia, Ngong, Kenya, Ollur, India, Ottre, Belgium, Paraná, Argentina, Perth, Australia, Pilar, Argentina, Poznan, Poland, Preston, England, Quilicura, Chile, Quilmes, Argentina, Rab, Croatia, Reading, England, Frickhofen, Germany, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Rufisque, Senegal, Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, France, Salta, Argentina, San Luis Potosí, Mexico, Santiago, Chile, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, Sherbrooke, Canada, Silverstream, New Zealand, Soni, Tanzania, St. John's, Canada, Sydney, Australia, Toowoomba, Australia, Trondheim, Norway, Tubay, Philippines, Wagga Wagga, Australia, Wexford, Ireland, Wilno, Canada, Wollongong, Australia
Mitchell Garabedian: I'm not crazy, they control everything.
Sacha Pfeiffer: Joe, did you ever try and tell anyone?
Joe Crowley: Like who, a priest?
Eric Macleish: Are you threatening me?
Ben Bradlee Jr.: So it's thirteen priests?
Sacha Pfeiffer: Yeah.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Looks that way.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: Holy shit.
Phil Saviano: How do you say "no" to God, right?
Young Cop: How's that going?
Court Clerk Mark: Mother's bawlin' and the uncle is pissed off.
Young Cop: She's not married?
Court Clerk Mark: Divorced, with 4 kids. I guess the Father was helping out.
Young Cop: Helping out?
Court Clerk Mark: ...Hey, Mr. Burke, they're in the back talking to the Bishop.
Paul Burke: And Father?
Court Clerk Mark: We put him in the break room.
Paul Burke: Any press?
Court Clerk Mark: Some guy from the Citizen, but we sent him away. None of the big papers.
Paul Burke: Let's keep it that way...
Young Cop: Who's that?
Court Clerk Mark: Assistant D.A.
Young Cop: It's gonna be hard to keep the papers from arraignment.
Court Clerk Mark: What arraignment?
Mitchell Garabedian: I already talked to the Phoenix.
Mike Rezendes: Yeah, there's a reason I didn't see it. Nobody reads a Phoenix anymore... they're broke, they don't have any power. The Globe does. If we cover the story, everybody will hear about it.
Mitchell Garabedian: The Church thinks in centuries, Mr. Rezendes. Do you think your paper has resources to take that on?
Mike Rezendes: Yeah, I do. But if you don't mind me asking... Do you?
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: You know thirteen priests in Boston who have molested children?
Phil Saviano: Yeah! Why do you keep repeating everything I say?
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: I just like to clarify things.
Phil Saviano: Maybe you should have clarified it five years ago when I sent you all of this stuff! It's all... right here!
Phil Saviano: May I use your bathroom?
Matt Carroll: Yeah, sure, Phil.
Phil Saviano: You guys gotta understand. This is big. This is not just Boston. It's the whole country. It's the whole world. And it goes right up to the Vatican.
Richard Sipe: If you really want to understand the crisis, you have to start with the celicabacy requirement. That was my first major finding. Only 50% of the clergy are celibate. Now, most of them are having sex with other adults; but the fact remains that this creates a culture of secrecy that tolerates and even protects pedophiles.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: I wanna keep digging.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Guys, listen. Everybody's gonna be interested in this.
Eric Macleish: Most of these folks, they just want some acknowledgement... of what happened. We got them a sit down with the Bishop and... a little dough, and that's the best they can hope for.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Well, certainly, the best that priest could hope for.
Richard Sipe: After the first major scandal in Louisiana, Tom Doyle, the secretary-canonist for the papal nuncio, coauthored a report warning that pedophile priests were a billion-dollar liability. That was in 1985.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: NINETY fucking priests... in Boston!
Mike Rezendes: Hey, Linda. It's quiet, huh?
Linda: Yeah. Easiest overtime I ever made. Phone hasn't rung once. Marty sent two of mine down to Spotlight.
Linda: Great article, guys.
Middle Age Priest at St. Peter's: So the other day I was on the World Wide Web. Anything you want to know, it's right there. Now, I have to admit that as a priest, this makes me a little nervous. Should I be worried about job security? I don't think so. You see, knowledge is one thing, but faith... Faith is another.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Anything?
Mike Rezendes: Law just turned us down.
Ben Bradlee Jr.: Jesus Christ!
Mike Rezendes: I just got off the phone with Donna Morrissey. She said, quote, "We don't even want to know what the questions are," end quote.
Walter 'Robby' Robinson: She really said that?
Mike Rezendes: Yeah!
Ben Bradlee Jr.: Well, that ought to do it.
Marty Baron: "The church had no interest in knowing what The Globe's questions would be." Work it in somewhere before the jump. Anything else?     