
Beetle: I have a question. If I'm Beetle and you're Monkey, why isn't he called Boy?
Kubo: If you must blink, do it now.
Kubo: I know why you want my eye. Because without it, I can't look into another and see their soul. Their love...
Moon King: Everything you loved is GONE! Everything you knew has been TAKEN from you!
Kubo: No... it's in the memories. The most powerful kind of magic there is.
Kubo: It makes us stronger than you'll ever be. These are the memories of those we've have loved and lost. And if we hold their stories, deep in our hearts... then you will never take them away from us.
Beetle: Stealth is my middle name.
Monkey: You don't even have a first name.
Monkey: Your magic is growing stronger. You need to learn control. But when we grow stronger the world grows more dangerous.
Kubo: Don't you ever say anything encouraging?
Monkey: I encourage you not to die.
Kubo: I encourage you not to die.
Monkey: He looked into my eyes and uttered four simple words. These words changed everything... You are my quest.
Moon King: You want to be human? Then share their weakness. Suffer their humiliation. Feel their pain!
Kubo: If you must blink, do it now. Pay careful attention to everything you see and hear, no matter how unusual it may seem. And please be warned: If you fidget, if you look away, if you forget any part of what I tell you - even for an instant - then our hero will surely perish.
Kubo: His name is Kubo. His grandfather stole something from him. And that really is the least of it.
Kubo: Hello, mother. Father. I know my stories can tend to get a little... Mm, long... So I'll keep this brief. I'm very grateful I've had the chance to meet you both, hear your wisdom, feel your kindness, even eat a meal sitting between you. This was a happy story. But, it could still be a whole lot happier. I don't know exactly what the rules are, or how this works, but if there were any, way to... You know... I still need you. So I could say this has been a happy story, or I could feel it... We could all feel it. And then we could end this story - together.
Kubo: The end.
Kubo: Why does grandfather hate me?
Monkey: Oh, Kubo. He doesn't hate you. He wants to make you just like him. Blind to humanity as I once was. Only then can you take your place beside him as part of his family. Cold and hard and perfect.
Monkey: Don't mess with the Monkey!
Beetle: I'm either a samurai or a really bad hoarder. Either way, inside my thorax beats the heart of a warrior.
Monkey: You have questions, I can tell.
Kubo: Who...
Monkey: You get three.
Kubo: I think I have more.
Monkey: Three. But first you're gonna eat.
Kubo: Why only three?
Monkey: Okay, that was your first question.
Kubo: What?
Beetle: The mighty Beetle is victorious!
Monkey: In recognizing his compassion, I recognized my own.
Grandfather: Everything you loved is gone! Everything you knew has been taken from you?
Kubo: No! It's in my memories! The most powerful kind of magic there is! It makes us stronger than you'll ever be. These are the memories of those we have loved and lost. And if we hold their stories deep in our hearts, then you will never take them away from us. And that really is the least of it...
Monkey: Carry Kubo? That's your better idea? Look, I appreciate your help, I really do, but when it comes to the boy, I know what's best.
Beetle: Is that right?
Monkey: And what's best is to not be fielding ideas from a talking cockroach.
Beetle: This coming from the talking monkey.
The Sisters: Kubo, we've been waiting for you for so long.
Beetle: I have a feeling this is my destiny.
Monkey: No, it isn't! We can't trust anything you say, because *you* can't trust anything you say.
Kubo: Monkey! I think he's in trouble! We should help him!
Monkey: Kubo, your aunts are still out there! I'm sorry, but we have to head for shore!
Monkey: Kubo!
The Sisters: Oh, how precious. I come here to fish, and all I reel in is a wretched ape. it is a shame that this filthy creature is all that's left of my sister's magic.
Monkey: This filthy creature will tear you APART!
    