
Cody Jarrett: Made it, Ma! Top of the world!
Verna Jarrett: I'd look good in a mink coat, honey.
Cody Jarrett: You'd look good in a shower curtain.
Cody Jarrett: How ya doin', Parker?
Roy Parker: It's stuffy in here, I need some air.
Cody Jarrett: Oh, stuffy, huh? I'll give ya a little air.
Roy Parker: You wouldn't kill me in cold blood, would ya?
Cody Jarrett: No, I'll let ya warm up a little.
Cody Jarrett: A copper, a copper, how do you like that boys? A copper and his name is Fallon. And we went for it, I went for it. Treated him like a kid brother. And I was gonna split fifty-fifty with a copper!
Zuckie Hommell: Sounds bad, Cody.
Cody Jarrett: Why don't you give 'em my address too...
Philip Evans: Cody Jarrett...
Hank Fallon: He finally got to the top of the world... and it blew right up in his face.
Hank Fallon: You put it on a pole, wind a spool of silk thread around it, and you hold the pole over the water. Then you sit under a nice shady tree and relax. After a while, a hungry fish comes along, takes a nip at your hook, and you've got dinner. For the next two weeks, I'm not gonna think about anything except the eternal struggle between man and the fish...
Engineer: What's this, a hold-up?
Cody Jarrett: Naw, naw, you're seven minutes late. We're just changin' engineers.
Vic Pardo: I saw that just in time.
Cody Jarrett: Whaddya want - a medal?
Verna Jarrett: It's always "somebody tipped them." Never "the cops are smart."
Cody Jarrett: You know something, Verna, if I turn my back long enough for Big Ed to put a hole in it, there'd be a hole in it.
Cody Jarrett: I told you to keep away from that radio. If that battery is dead it'll have company.
Ma Jarrett: I told you, Cody hasn't been in California for months.
Philip Evans: I suppose he shot me all the way from another state.
Ma Jarrett: What makes you think *he* shot you? Lots of people have guns.
Philip Evans: I was as close to him as I am to you.
Ma Jarrett: Anybody else see him?
Philip Evans: Just you. And his wife.
Ma Jarrett: Of course, being an old woman, I wouldn't know much about the law, but I hear you got to have *witnesses* to make anything stand up in court.
Hank Fallon: I've been promised a vacation. You remember?
Philip Evans: Sorry, Hank, that's out.
Hank Fallon: Phil, look at me. College degree, lovable personality, and I spend most of my time in prison. An undercover specialist. Eight sentences in five years. Dannemora, Sing Sing, Leavenworth. I joined the department to put criminals behind bars, and here I am stir crazy.
Jerry: And this time I'm going right to the top to get you out. Herbert, are you listening?
Michael 'Reader' Curtin: Sure, Jerry, sure.
Jerry: But if that fails, you'll just have to serve the rest of your term.
Michael 'Reader' Curtin: Jerry, you couldn't get me out of here if I was pardoned.
Cody Jarrett: To me, you're a face and a number, and let's keep it that way.
Verna Jarrett: What about me? What do I do for the next two years?
Ma Jarrett: Same as you did before he married you.
Cody Jarrett: You better not, baby. I'll be back.
Verna Jarrett: I'll be waitin' for you honey. You can trust me.
Philip Evans: This time we'll get you a girl in the Bureau who's a memory expert.
Hank Fallon: I'm partial to blondes.
Philip Evans: Well, who isn't?
Big Ed Somers: Take it easy, baby. We're ready for him when he comes.
Verna Jarrett: I can't stand another night, Ed. Listening. Going crazy. It ain't just like waitin' for some human being who wants to kill ya. Cody ain't human! Fill him full of lead and he'll still come at ya.
Big Ed Somers: Plug him and he drops. Same as anybody else.
Cody Jarrett: We're back in business, boys. We're back in business. And not Big Ed's way either. And not for fifty grand. But, first, a question: Supposin' - Supposin' you wanna push in a place like Fort Knox and grab yourself a couple a tons of gold, what's the toughest thing about a job like that?
Jarrett Gang Member: Gettin' inside the joint.
Cody Jarrett: A silver dollar for the gentleman in the balcony. Right on the button. Gettin' in. Which brings me to a story Ma used to tell me when I was a kid. A story about a horse. Way back, there was a whole army tryin' to knock over a place called Troy and gettin' nowhere fast. Couldn't even put a dent in the wall. And one mornin', one morning the the people of Troy wake, look over the walls, and the attackin' army's disappeared. Men. Boats. The works. Takin' a powder. But, they left one thing after them: a great, big wooden horse. And accordin' to Ma...
Cody Jarrett: My old lady never had anything. Always on the run. Always on the move. Some life. First it was my old man - died kickin' and screamin' in a nuthouse. Then, my brother. And after that, it was takin' care of me. Always tryin' to put me on top. "Top of the world," she used to say. And then, times when I'd be losin' my grip, there she'd be, right behind me. Push me back up again. And now...
Cody Jarrett: What are you doin'? We're on our way.
Hank Fallon: You gotta have a chain bouncin' the ground - get rid of electricity.
Cody Jarrett: That's only when you got gasoline or chemicals sloppin' around inside.
Hank Fallon: You wanna have some traffic cop think you got a load of somethin' else?
Cody Jarrett: That's usin' your head, kid. All right, snap it up.
Cody Jarrett: We got enough food for a week, what'd she have to go to the market for?
Verna Jarrett: You like strawberries, don't you? She just *had* to get some for her boy.
Ma Jarrett: Well, if it ain't the Sleeping Beauty.
Verna Jarrett: What does a girl do around this bear trap?
Ma Jarrett: There's plenty you can do without wearing out the mattress.
Verna Jarrett: It's the only place that I don't freeze. I've been cold for a week, Cody. Not even a fire. Who's gonna see a little bit of smoke a hundred miles from nowhere.
Cody Jarrett: Help Ma with the grub.
Big Ed Somers: We gotta blow out of here.
Cotton Valletti: Cody calls chargin' road blocks unscientific.
Big Ed Somers: It ain't safe havin' a crackpot givin' orders. Its about time somebody took over.
Cotton Valletti: Who? For instance?
Big Ed Somers: A very good friend of mine. Me!
Cody Jarrett: You know somethin' Verna? If I turn my back long enough for Big Ed to put a whole in it, there'd be a hole in it. Big Ed. Great Big Ed. You know why they call him that? Because his ideas are big. Someday he's gonna get a really big one - about me. And it'll be his last.
Ma Jarrett: No. No, not yet, son. Don't let 'em see you like that. Might give some of them ideas.
Cody Jarrett: Always thinkin' about your Cody, aren't you?
Ma Jarrett: That's right.
Ma Jarrett: Top of the world, son.
Cody Jarrett: I don't know what I'd do without you, Ma.
Cody Jarrett: They've got Zuckie in a morgue upstate! The T have tied him with us and the tunnel job.
Verna Jarrett: What?
Cody Jarrett: Yeah. All is hot as pistols!
Philip Evans: Cody's not an easy guy to get close to in a hurry. The only person he's ever cared about or trusted is his mother. No one else has ever made a dent - not even his wife. His mother's been the prop that's held him up. He's got a fierce, psychopathic devotion for her. All his life, whenever he got into a spot he just put out his hand and - there was Ma Jarrett. Without her, maybe Cody'd - just like his old man.
Hank Fallon: You mean I'm supposed to take mama's place?
Philip Evans: You never can tell. He might need someone.
Hank Fallon: I'll practice up on my lullabies.
Cody Jarrett: Maybe a kick in the skull would do him some good.
Hank Fallon alias Vic Pardo: They got rules in this chicken coop, Cody. You start anything, you wind up in a hole.
Cody Jarrett: Did I ask you for any advise? Look Pardo, I've been watchin' you. And up to now you haven't done anything I can put my finger on. And maybe that's what bothers me. But, I don't know you. What I don't know, I don't trust. To me you're just a face and a number and let's keep it that way for now. When I want you're help, I'll ask for it.
Big Ed Somers: What's eatin' you Sugar?
Verna Jarrett: You and your big ideas. That's all they are - ideas! "You and me belong together, Sugar. Just leave it to Big Ed." Well, I'm sick of waitin' for you to make your move. You're as scared of Cody as any of 'em. He's still Mr. Big - in prison or out.
Cody Jarrett: I'll take care of that when I get out.
Ma Jarrett: That's what I told myself. And I'll help you Cody, like always. You'll be out soon! Back on top of the world.
Cody Jarrett: With your arm, Ma, nothing can stop me.
Ma Jarrett: That's right, son.
Ma Jarrett: When you get out of here, he knows his life isn't worth a plug nickel. When a tin horn like that thinks he's big enough to take your place, he's got to feel pretty safe. And now all of the sudden he makes his move, like he was sure you'd never get out of here, except in a box.
Verna Jarrett: All right, throw your life away. Stay here and shoot it out! Me? I'm going. I wanna live.
Big Ed Somers: Cody might have some ideas about that.
Verna Jarrett: I'll go someplace he'll never find me.
Big Ed Somers: Your world ain't big enough, Sugar. Not when he finds out what you did to his Ma.
Verna Jarrett: You'd tell him?
Big Ed Somers: If you run out on me. Why not?
Verna Jarrett: But I only did it for you, Ed. She had you covered.
Big Ed Somers: Cody still ain't gonna like to hear that she got it in the back. Feel more like stayin' now?
Cody Jarrett: What's the matter, baby? I'm not gonna hurt ya.
Cody Jarrett: Now, go and read your comic books. Good girl.
Cody Jarrett: You like the truck idea, huh?
Trader Winston: Admirable. We might all profit by a closer study of classical literature.
Cody Jarrett: You're just lonesome. Lonesome, like me.
Hank Fallon alias Vic Pardo: You? What about...
Cody Jarrett: You mean Verna?
Cody Jarrett: All I ever had was Ma.
Cody Jarrett: Maybe I am nuts. Let's go in and have drink.
Verna Jarrett: You mean it, honey? We could have fun! Live big! Money's just paper if you don't spend it.
Cody Jarrett: That's an idea.
Verna Jarrett: It's a good idea! Europe, maybe. Paris! Rubbin' shoulders with the best of 'em. "How'd you do, Countess." Sable coats. Jewels just dripping from my fingers. Oh, I'd knock their eyes out, Cody. You'd be real proud of me.
Cody Jarrett: Don't go flippin' your lid.
Cody Jarrett: Here's to us. Top of the world.
Cody Jarrett: Well, I think we better hit the hay, Duchess. Come on.
Cody Jarrett: Get in the wooden horse, boys.
Cody Jarrett: "Come out with your hands up," the man says. How do you like that Ma? Here's my answer. You dirty -
Cody Jarrett: - That was Cody Jarrett talkin'!
Philip Evans: You might as well come down, Jarrett. There's no one left but you.
Cody Jarrett: Come and get me!
Hank Fallon: What's holding him up?     