
Don Lockwood: Hey, Cos! Do something! Call me a cab!
Cosmo Brown: OK, you're a cab.
Don Lockwood: Thanks a lot!
Cosmo Brown: Lina. She can't act, she can't sing, she can't dance. A triple threat.
Lina: Oh Donny! You couldn't kiss me like that and not mean it just a teensy bit!
Don Lockwood: Meet the greatest actor in the world! I'd rather kiss a tarantula.
Lina: You don't mean that.
Don Lockwood: I don't - - Hey Joe, get me a tarantula.
Cosmo Brown: Talking pictures, that means I'm out of a job. At last I can start suffering and write that symphony.
R.F. Simpson: You're not out of job, we're putting you in as head of our new music department.
Cosmo Brown: Oh, thanks, R.F.! At last I can stop suffering and write that symphony.
Lina: What's wrong with the way I talk? What's the big idea? Am I dumb or something?
Rod: Lina, you're a beautiful woman. Audiences think you've got a voice to match. The studio's gotta keep their stars from looking ridiculous at any cost.
Cosmo Brown: Nobody's got that much money.
Lina Lamont: Gee, this wig weighs a ton! What dope'd wear a thing like this?
Rosco: Everybody used to wear them, Lina.
Lina Lamont: Well, then everybody was a dope.
Lina Lamont: If we bring a little joy into your humdrum lives, it makes us feel as though our hard work ain't been in vain for nothin'. Bless you all.
Diction Coach: Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously. Moses he knowses his toeses aren't roses as Moses supposes his toeses to be.
Cosmo Brown: Gee, I'm glad you turned up, we've been looking inside every cake in town.
Kathy Selden: Now look, Miss Lamont, Don and I...
Lina Lamont: Don? Don't you *dare* call him Don! I was calling him Don before you were born! I mean... You-you were kissing him!
Don Lockwood: *I* was kissing *her*! I happen to be in love with her.
Lina Lamont: That's ridiculous. Everybody knows you're in love with me.
Rosco: Lina! We're missing every other word! You've got to talk into the mike!
Lina: Well, I can't make love to a bush!
Don Lockwood: What's your lofty mission in life that lets you sneer at my humble profession?
Kathy Selden: I'm an actress...
Don Lockwood: Oh...
Kathy: ...on the stage.
Don Lockwood: Oh, on the stage, well I'd like to see you act, what are you in right now? I could brush up on my English, or bring along an interpreter, that is if they'd let in a *movie* actor.
Kathy Selden: I'm not in a play right now, but I will be. I'm going to New York...
Don Lockwood: Oh, you're going to New York and then some day we'll all hear of you, won't we? Kathy Selden as Juliet, as Lady Macbeth, as King Lear. You'll have to wear a beard for that one of course.
Kathy Selden: Laugh all you want, but at least the stage is a dignified profession.
Don Lockwood: Dignified profession.
Kathy: What do you have to be so conceited about? You're nothing but a shadow on film... just a shadow. You're not flesh and blood.
Don Lockwood: Oh, no?
Kathy: Stop!
Don Lockwood: What can I do to you, I'm only a shadow.
R.F. Simpson: Don, it'll be a sensation! "Lamont and Lockwood: they talk!"
Lina: Well of *course* we talk. Don't everybody?
Kathy: Here's one thing I learned from the movies!
Don Lockwood: Now Lina, you've been reading all those fan magazines again! Now look Lina, you shouldn't believe all that banana oil Dora Bailey and the columnists dish out. Now try to get this straight: there is nothing between us. There has never been anything between us. Just air.
Lina: Oh, Donny, you don't mean that.
Don Lockwood: Why, you rattlesnake! You got that poor kid fired.
Lina Lamont: That's not all I'm gonna do if I ever get my hands on her.
Don Lockwood: I never heard of anything so low. Why did you do it?
Lina Lamont: Because you liked her. I could tell.
Don Lockwood: So that's it. Believe me, I don't like her half as much as I hate you, you reptile.
Lina Lamont: Sticks and stones may break my bones...
Don Lockwood: I'd like to break every bone in your body.
Lina Lamont: You and who else, you big lummox?
Lina Lamont: After all, I'm still more important to the studio than she is.
R.F. Simpson: Lina, I wouldn't do that to her in a million years. Why, you'd be taking her career away from her. People just don't do things like that.
Lina Lamont: People? I ain't "people"! I am a...
Lina Lamont: "a shimmering, glowing star in the cinema firmament." It says so...
Lina Lamont: right there.
Phoebe Dinsmore: Repeat after me - Tah, Tey, Tee, Toe, Too.
Lina Lamont: Tah, Tey, Tye, Tow, Tyo.
Phoebe Dinsmore: No, no, no Miss Lamont, Round tones, round tones. Now, let me hear you read your line.
Lina Lamont: And I cayn't stand'im.
Phoebe Dinsmore: And I can't stand him.
Lina Lamont: And I cayn't stand'im.
Phoebe Dinsmore: Can't.
Lina Lamont: Cayn't.
Phoebe Dinsmore: Caaaan't
Lina Lamont: Cayyyyn't
Cosmo Brown: What's the first thing an actor learns? "The show must go on!' Come rain, come shine, come snow, come sleet, the show MUST go on!
Cosmo Brown: Short people have long faces, and long people have short faces. Big people have little humor, and little people have no humor at all.
Lina Lamont: What do they think I am? Dumb or something? Why, I make more money than - than - than Calvin Coolidge! Put together!
Cosmo Brown: Make 'em laugh!
Cosmo Brown: Why bother to shoot this film? Why not release the old one under a new title? You've seen one, you've seen them all.
Don Lockwood: Hey, what'd you say that for?
Cosmo Brown: What's the matter?
Don Lockwood: That's what that Kathy Selden said to me that night.
Cosmo Brown: That's three weeks ago, you still thinking about that?
Don Lockwood: I can't get her out of my mind.
Cosmo Brown: How could you - she's the first dame who hasn't fallen for your line since you were four.
Don Lockwood: I'm no actor. I never was. Just a bunch of dumb show. I know that now.
Cosmo Brown: Well, at least you're taking it lying down.
Don Lockwood: No. No kidding, Cosmo. Did you ever see anything as ridiculous as me on that screen tonight?
Kathy: Yeah, how about Lina?
Don Lockwood: All right. I ran her a close second. Maybe it was a photo finish. I'm through, fellas.
Kathy: Don, you're not through!
Cosmo Brown: Why of course not. Why, with your looks and figure, you could drive an ice wagon or shine shoes!
Kathy: Block hats!
Cosmo Brown: Sell pencils!
Kathy: Dig ditches!
Cosmo Brown: Or worse still, go back to vaudeville.
Don Lockwood: Don't tell me, it's a flat tire.
Cosmo Brown: I can't undertand it. This car hasn't given me a lick of trouble in nearly 6 hours.
Kathy: You keep away from me! Just because you're a big movie star, wild parties, swimming pools, you expect every girl to fall in a dead faint at your feet. Well, don't you touch me!
Don Lockwood: Fear not, sweet lady! I will not molest you. I am but a humble jester, and you? You are to far above me!
Don Lockwood: Farewell, Ethel Barrymore! I must tear myself from your side!
Don Lockwood: Are you doing anything tonight, Miss Lamont?
Don Lockwood: Well's that's funny - *I'm* busy.
Don Lockwood: I just had to tell you how good you were.
Kathy Selden: Excuse me.
Don Lockwood: No, no, don't go.
Don Lockwood: Now that I know where you live I'd like to see you home.
Cosmo Brown: Lina, You've never looked lovelier.
Cosmo Brown: Don, how did you come, by way of Australia?
Don Lockwood: Tell me the truth, am I a good actor?
Cosmo Brown: As long as I'm working for Monumental Pictures, you're the greatest of 'em all.
Audience Member: Did somebody get paid for writing that dialog?
Don Lockwood: Dignity. Always, dignity.
Cosmo Brown: The price of fame. You've got the glory, you gotta take the little heartaches that go with it. Now look at me: I've got no fame, I've got no glory, I've got no big mansions, I've got no money! But I've got - what have I got?
Don Lockwood: I don't know, what have you got?
Cosmo Brown: I gotta get out of here.
Don Lockwood: Which of my pictures have you seen?
Kathy: I don't remember. I saw one once.
Don Lockwood: You saw one once?
Kathy: Yes, I think you were dueling and there was a girl - Lina Lamont. But I don't go to the movies much. If you've seen one you've seen them all.
Don Lockwood: Thank you.
Kathy: Oh, no offense. Movies are entertaining enough for the masses but the personalities on the screen just don't impress me. I mean they don't talk, they don't act, the just make a lot of dumb show. Well, you know
Kathy: like that.
Don Lockwood: You mean like what I do?
Kathy: Well, yes!
R.F. Simpson: Lina, you were gorgeous!
Cosmo Brown: Yeah, Lina, you looked pretty good for a girl.
Cosmo Brown: You have to show a movie at a party. It's a Hollywood law.
R.F. Simpson: Cosmo, remind me to give you a raise.
Cosmo Brown: Oh, R.F.
R.F. Simpson: Yes?
Cosmo Brown: Give me a raise.
Kathy: Are you sure it's all right? Being seen with me?
Don Lockwood: You mean lofty star with humble player?
Kathy: Not exactly, but for lunch don't you usually tear a pheasant with Miss Lamont?
Don Lockwood: Kathy, all the stories about Lina and me are sheer publicity.
Kathy: Oh? It certainly seems more than that. From all those columns in the newspapers and articles in the fan magazines...
Don Lockwood: You read the fan magazines?
Kathy: I pick them up at the beauty parlor or the dentist's office, just like anybody.
Don Lockwood: Really?
Kathy: Well... I buy four or five a month.
Don Lockwood: Four or five...
Kathy: But anyway, to get back to the point, you and Miss Lamont do achieve a certain intimacy in all your pictures...
Don Lockwood: Did you say *all* our pictures?
Kathy: I guess if I think about it I've seen eight or nine of them.
Don Lockwood: You know I remember someone saying, "If you've seen one you've seen 'em all".
Kathy: I said some awful things that night, didn't I?
Don Lockwood: No. I deserved them. But I must admit I was hurt by them. So hurt in fact that I haven't been able to think about anything but you ever since.
Don Lockwood: What's the matter with that girl? Can't she take a gentle hint?
Cosmo Brown: Well haven't ya heard? She's irresistible. She told me so herself.
Don Lockwood: Ladies and gentlemen, stop that girl, that girl running up the aisle. Stop her! That's the girl whose voice you heard and loved tonight. She's the real star of the picture. Kathy Selden!
Don Lockwood: Kathy...
R.F. Simpson: What do you think of it, Dexter?
Rosco: It'll never amount to a thing.
Olga: Its vulgar!
Cosmo Brown: That's what they said about the horseless carriage.
Cosmo Brown: Lina, you were fabulous. You sang as good as Kathy Selden.
Rosco: We're really rolling, Mr. Simpson.
R.F. Simpson: Well, you can stop rolling at once.
Rosco: What?
R.F. Simpson: Don, Lina.
Rosco: Ok, everybody save it!
R.F. Simpson: Save it? Tell them to go home. We're shutting down for a few weeks.
Rosco: What?
R.F. Simpson: Well, don't just stand there. Tell them!
Rosco: Everybody go until further notice! What is it?
Don Lockwood: Well, if it isn't Ethel Barrymore.
Don Lockwood: Well, we movie stars get the glory. I guess we have to take the little heartaches that go with it. People think we lead lives of glamour and romance, but we're really lonely - terribly lonely.
Lina: You mean it's going to say on the screen that I don't talk and sing for myself?
Rosco: The sound, its out of synchronization!
R.F. Simpson: Well tell them to fix it!
Rosco: Yes sir, fix it!
Kathy Selden: This California dew's a little heavier than usual tonight.
Don Lockwood: Oh really? From where I stand, the sun is shining all over the place...
Lina: It ain't been in vain for nothin'.
Girl in audience: She's so refined. I think I'll kill myself.
Don Lockwood: Oh, excuse me. Where'd Miss Selden go?
Female dancer: She just grabbed her things and bolted.
Female dancer: Anything I can do?
Don Lockwood: Sorry, I don't have time to find out.
Chorus: Gotta dance!
Don Lockwood: Gotta dance! Gotta Dance! / Broadway Rhythm, it's got me, everybody dance!
Don Lockwood: Now listen, R.F., the owner of the Coconut Grove may do what Lina tells him to, but you're the head of this studio.
R.F. Simpson: That's right, I'm the head of this studio. She's hired! But don't let Lina know she's on the lot.
R.F. Simpson: Lina, did you send this stuff out?
Lina Lamont: I gave an exclusive story to every paper in town.
Man in talking pictures demonstration: Hello! This is a demonstration of a talking picture. Notice, it is a picture of me and I am talking. Note how my lips and the sound issuing from them are synchronized together in perfect unison.
Don Lockwood: That's the Broadway Melody!
Don Lockwood: I do hope you're going to favor us with something special tonight.
Kathy Selden: Please!
Don Lockwood: Say, Hamlet's soliloquy, or the balcony scene from "Romeo and Juliet."
Kathy Selden: Mr. Lockwood!
Don Lockwood: Don't be shy. You'd make about the prettiest Juliet I've ever seen. Really.
Cosmo Brown: What's this one about?
Don Lockwood: It's a French revolution story...
Cosmo Brown: Don't tell me. You're a French aristocrat, she's a simple girl of the people, and she won't even give you a tumbrel. Hah!
Dora Bailey: Ladies and gentlemen, when you look at this gorgeous couple, it's no wonder they're a household name all over the world like... bacon and eggs. Lockwood and Lamont!
Rosco: What's your name?
Don Lockwood: Don Lockwood sir, but the fellas all call me Donald.
Rosco: Wise guy, eh? All right, get this guy into Bert's suit! And remember Lockwood, you might be trading that fiddle in for a harp!
Dora Bailey: This is Dora Bailey, ladies and gentlemen, talking to you from the front of the Chinese Theater in Hollywood. What a night, ladies and gentlemen, what a night! Every star in Hollywood's heaven is here to make Monumental Pictures' premiere of "The Royal Rascal" the outstanding event of 1927! Everyone is breathlessly awaiting the arrival of Lina Lamont and Don Lockwood!
Don Lockwood: They sent me to the finest schools, including dancing schools. That's where I first met Cosmo. And with him I used to perform for all of Mom and Dad's society friends.
Lina: What do you/they think I am? Dumb or something?
Kathy Selden: Here we are! Sunset and Camden!
Cosmo Brown: The new Don Lockwood. He yodels, he jumps around to music.
Don Lockwood: The only problem is once they release this movie, no-one's gonna want to see me jump off the Woolworth building into a damp rag.
The Coconut Grove Girls: All I do is dream of you the whole night through; with the dawn I still go on, dreaming of you. You're every thought, you're everything, you're every song I ever sing; summer, winter, autumn and spring. And were there more than twenty four hours a day; they'd be spent in sweet content dreaming away; when skies are grey, when skies are blue; morning, noon and night time too; all I do the whole day through is dream of you.
R.F. Simpson: I can't quite visualise it, I'd have to see it on film.     