
Frank McCloud: You don't like it, do you Rocco, the storm? Show it your gun, why don't you? If it doesn't stop, shoot it.
Frank McCloud: When your head says one thing and your whole life says another, your head always loses.
James Temple: Are you thieves or what? You want money, is this a robbery?
Toots: Yeah, Pop, we're gonna steal all your towels.
Johnny Rocco: There's only one Johnny Rocco.
James Temple: How do you account for it?
Frank McCloud: He knows what he wants. Don't you, Rocco?
Johnny Rocco: Sure.
James Temple: What's that?
Frank McCloud: Tell him, Rocco.
Johnny Rocco: Well, I want uh ...
Frank McCloud: He wants more, don't you, Rocco?
Johnny Rocco: Yeah. That's it. More. That's right! I want more!
James Temple: Will you ever get enough?
Frank McCloud: Will you, Rocco?
Johnny Rocco: Well, I never have. No, I guess I won't. You, do you know what you want?
Frank McCloud: Yes, I had hopes once, but I gave them up.
Johnny Rocco: Hopes for what?
Frank McCloud: A world in which there's no place for Johnny Rocco.
Frank McCloud: One Rocco more or less isn't worth dying for!
Nora Temple: Charlie! Charlie Winook and his family, Crawfish Island. Charlie's a prince of the Seminole Nation. His ancestors go back to the gods. He sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Toots: I say smack her and let it go at that.
Johnny Rocco: You'd give your left arm to nail me wouldn't you? I could see the headlines now, 'Local Deputy Captures Johnny Rocco'. Your picture'd be in all the papers. You might even get to tell on the newsreels how you pulled if off, yeah. Listen hick, I was too much for any big city police force to handle. It took the United States Government to pin a rap on me. And they won't make it stick. You hick, I'll be back pulling strings to get guys elected mayor and governor before you get a ten buck raise.
Deputy Clyde Sawyer: Down in the lobby, I ran up against these two.
Deputy Clyde Sawyer: Well, they didn't look right to me, so I asked them a few questions. By the way they answered me, I knew there was something fishy. So I put in a call to Ben Wade, but before I could get through, the lights went out on me. I woke up in there. Rocco was standing over me. I recognized him right away from the pictures. I made a break for the door, and the lights went out again.
Toots: I'm the electrician.
Ralphie: Hey Curly, what all happens in a hurricane?
Curly: The wind blows so hard the ocean gets up on its hind legs and walks right across the land.
Toots: And singin' this song: Rain rain, go away, little Ralphie wants to play.
Johnny Rocco: After living in the USA for more than thirty-five years they called me an undesirable alien. Me. Johnny Rocco. Like I was a dirty Red or something!
Sheriff Ben Wade: You said you hadn't seen the Osceolas. You lied. Sawyer was here. He called because he'd found the Osceolas. They tried to hide it by sinking his body... but the storm tore his body loose and threw it up! Right at your door! And that's where the crime belongs, at your door.
Gaye Dawn: No, Mr. Temple, it wasn't you. It wasn't the law or anybody. It was only Johnny Rocco. Nobody in the whole world is safe as long as he's alive.
James Temple: A relief train was dispatched from Miami. The barometer was down to about 26 inches when that train pulled into Homestead. Engineer backed his string of empty coaches into the danger zone... and the hurricane hit. Knocked those coaches right off the track. Two hundred miles an hour, that wind blew. A tidal wave twelve feet high went right across the Key. Whole towns were wiped out. Miles and miles of track were ripped up... and washed away. Nothing was left. More than five hundred bodies were recovered after the storm. And for months afterwards... corpses were found in the mangrove swamps.
Gaye Dawn: Give me that drink now, Johnny.
Johnny Rocco: No.
Gaye Dawn: Johnny!
Johnny Rocco: No.
Gaye Dawn: But you promised!
Johnny Rocco: So what?
Gaye Dawn: You said that...
Johnny Rocco: But you were rotten.
James Temple: Make the big wave. Send it crashing down on us. Destroy us all, if need be. But punish him.
Johnny Rocco: Shut up, old man! l'm warning you!
James Temple: Hear me. Hear me!
Johnny Rocco: I'll kill you!
James Temple: Make a big wave. Send it against us. Take us all. But destroy him.
Sheriff Ben Wade: Hello, Eddie.
Bus Driver: Hi, Ben. What gives?
Sheriff Ben Wade: We're lookin' for a couple Indians broke out of jail. Young bucks in fancy shirts. If you see anything of 'em, telephone my office at Palm Grove.
Bus Driver: Okay.
Bus Driver: Those Indians they're lookin' for must be from around here. They always head for home.
Frank McCloud: Home being Key Largo.
Frank McCloud: "But we aren't making all this sacrifice of human effort and lives to return to the kind of a world we had after the last world war. We're fighting to cleanse the world of ancient evils, ancient ills." - Quoted from FDR's 1942 State of the Union     