
Plantiveau, le concierge: Watch out, ma'am. That's the deep part where you are.
Christina Delassalle: There is no danger. I can swim.
Plantiveau, le concierge: That don't mean a thing. It's always the ones who know how that get drowned. The ones who can't, don't go near the pool.
Moinet, une jeune Moynet: I saw her. I know I did.
M.Drain, professeur: I may be reactionary, but this is absolutely astounding - the legal wife consoling the mistress! No, no, and no!
Michel Delassalle: Everyone is looking at you. Swallow.
Nicole Horner: It's disgusting!
Michel Delassalle: Sorry?
Nicole Horner: Some things are hard to swallow, and I'm not talking about the fish.
Christina Delassalle: Don't you believe in Hell?
Nicole Horner: Not since I was seven.
Christina Delassalle: I do.
Alfred Fichet, le commissaire: To commit suicide in the Seine, one doesn't need to undress.
M.Drain, professeur: Do your eyes hurt you, dear colleague?
Nicole Horner: I hurt myself getting up.
M.Drain, professeur: You're up early. Last night, I was doing my rounds about 4:00 am and I heard screams coming out of your room. The chaste woman loves to contemplate dawn, doesn't she?
Nicole Horner: You spent too much time with the Jesuits.
Christina Delassalle: There is only one possible end. We are monsters. I don't like monsters.
Nicole Horner: If it's only him, I feel better. I'll save the grain of sand falling from the hands of providence for my morality lessons.
Alfred Fichet, le commissaire: I'll find him.
Nicole Horner: I won't have any regrets.
Michel Delassalle: Swallow it.
Christina Delassalle: It's not my fault. It won't go down.
Michel Delassalle: Swallow!
Christina Delassalle: Who's there? Who's there?
Nicole Horner: Here, take it. It doesn't bite. It doesn't slap, either.
Christina Delassalle: I'd like to die and not see him anymore.
Michel Delassalle: Die, darling! Die and do it quickly!
Alfred Fichet, le commissaire: The keys in the pool, the husband in the morgue! You dream too much about water in this house!
Christina Delassalle: So it's a coincidence?
Nicole Horner: A coincidence, yes.
Christina Delassalle: And Fichet. Was his being at the morgue a coincidence? And the suit. And the hotel. And now the children! Is it a coincidence that it's getting closer and closer?
M. Raymond, le surveillant: We all need a vacation. The body needs to eliminate its toxins. Tomorrow mademoiselle, I'll be all naked. And you, how did you plan this long weekend?
Michel Delassalle: A sick person shouldn't worry about her appearance.
Christina Delassalle: I'm not sick.
Nicole Horner: She's delicate, you know it.
Michel Delassalle: Delicate? Yes, when she came from Caracas. Today, she's a cute little ruin. She doesn't risk anything. Ruins are indestructible. She'll bury us all. Won't you, my little ruin?
Christina Delassalle: Why are you trying to be nasty?
Michel Delassalle: What's the matter with me tonight? I don't want to sleep. I don't want to sleep. We have to leave.
Plantiveau, le concierge: Headmaster!
Michel Delassalle: Yes.
Plantiveau, le concierge: Isn't it time I rang the bell?
Michel Delassalle: It's okay. I'll unload the car myself.
Student #1: Will your sister still be in the bathroom?
Student #2: If we get there before 10:00. You'll see, I made a hole.
Student #1: Give me the pack back!
Student #2: You'll see my sister naked. It's worth a pack of cigarettes.
Student #1: No! Give them back!
M. Herboux: What the hell is she doing?
Mme. Herboux: She's taking a bath.
M. Herboux: At 10:00 pm? Funny habits.
M. Herboux: Bitches! Bitches! Daughter of bitches!     