
Old Story Teller: And a Man sat alone, drenched deep in sadness. And all the animals drew near to him and said, "We do not like to see you so sad. Ask us for whatever you wish and you shall have it." The Man said, "I want to have good sight." The vulture replied, "You shall have mine." The Man said, "I want to be strong." The jaguar said, "You shall be strong like me." Then the Man said, "I long to know the secrets of the earth." The serpent replied, "I will show them to you." And so it went with all the animals. And when the Man had all the gifts that they could give, he left. Then the owl said to the other animals, "Now the Man knows much, he'll be able to do many things. Suddenly I am afraid." The deer said, "The Man has all that he needs. Now his sadness will stop." But the owl replied, "No. I saw a hole in the Man, deep like a hunger he will never fill. It is what makes him sad and what makes him want. He will go on taking and taking, until one day the World will say, 'I am no more and I have nothing left to give.'"
Flint Sky: Those people in the forest, what did you see on them?
Jaguar Paw: I do not understand.
Flint Sky: Fear. Deep rotting fear. They were infected by it. Did you see? Fear is a sickness. It will crawl into the soul of anyone who engages it. It has tainted your peace already. I did not raise you to see you live with fear. Strike it from your heart. Do not bring it into our village.
title card: "A great civilization is not conquered from without until it has destroyed itself from within." W. Durant
Jaguar Paw: I am Jaguar Paw! This is my forest! My sons and their sons will hunt here after I am gone!
Oracle Girl: You fear me? So you should. All you who are vile. Would you like to know how you will die? The sacred time is near. Beware the blackness of day. Beware the man who brings the jaguar. Behold him reborn from mud and earth. For the one he takes you to will cancel the sky, and scratch out the earth. Scratch you out. And end your world. He's with us now. Day will be like night. And the man jaguar will lead you to your end.
Jaguar Paw: I am Jaguar Paw, son of Flint Sky. My Father hunted this forest before me. My name is Jaguar Paw. I am a hunter. This is my forest. And my sons will hunt it with their sons after I am gone.
Seven: Come back to me.
Zero Wolf: When I catch him, I will peel his skin and have him watch me wear it.
Jaguar Paw: I am Jaguar Paw. This is my forest. And I am not afraid.
Flint Sky: My son... don't be afraid.
Blunted: If this works... she won't bother me.
Flint Sky: Your wife?
Blunted: No, her mother. The old hag wants grandchildren.
Middle Eye: He's fucked.
Middle Eye: Almost.
Middle Eye: That is your name. "Almost."
Jaguar Paw: The heart... for Smoke Frog.
Smoke Frog: Thank you.
Jaguar Paw: This liver for Curl Nose.
Curl Nose: Thank you.
Jaguar Paw: Cocoa Leaf... the ears.
Cocoa Leaf: Thank you.
Jaguar Paw: And for you Blunted... the balls.
Blunted: Not this again.
Seven: What are they?
Jaguar Paw: They bring men.
Seven: Should we go to them?
Jaguar Paw: We must go to the forest. To seek a new beginning. Come, Turtles Run...
Zero Wolf: Hey, I am walking here!
Jaguar Paw: I am Jaguar Paw.
Jaguar Paw: Resting fathers, fly me your strength.
Snake Ink: The omen was foretold, and now we have a fear more grave. Today I saw the day become like night. I saw a man run with the jaguar. We must not let this man make feet from us.
High Priest: O warrior, unafraid and willing, with your blood you renew the world! From age to age! Thanks be to you.     