
Stephen Hawking: There should be no boundaries to human endeavor. We are all different. However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. While there's life, there is hope.
Stephen Hawking: It is clear that we are just an advanced breed of primates on a minor planet orbiting around a very average star, in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies. BUT, ever since the dawn of civilization people have craved for an understanding of the underlying order of the world. There ought to be something very special about the boundary conditions of the universe. And what can be more special than that there is no boundary? And there should be no boundary to human endeavor. We are all different. However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. While there is life, there is hope.
Jane Hawking: What you're writing?
Stephen Hawking: Look what we made.
Jane Hawking: What about you? What are you?...
Stephen Hawking: Cosmologist, I'm a Cosmologist.
Jane Hawking: What is that?
Stephen Hawking: It is a kind of religion for intelligent atheists.
Stephen Hawking: Hello.
Jane Hawking: Hello.
Stephen Hawking: Science.
Jane Hawking: Arts.
Brian: Stephen, your 'motor-mouth' disease, does it affect, um...
Stephen Hawking: What?
Brian: Uh, everything?
Stephen Hawking: What? No. Different system. Automatic.
Brian: Are you serious? Well that's pretty wonderful isn't it? Well it certainly explains a lot about men.
Jane Hawking: So, I take it you've never been to church?
Stephen Hawking: Once upon a time.
Jane Hawking: Tempted to convert?
Stephen Hawking: I have a slight problem with the celestial dictatorship premise.
Jane Hawking: Your glasses are always dirty.
Stephen Hawking: I will write a book.
Jane Hawking: About what?
Stephen Hawking: Time.
Jane Hawking: Time?
Stephen Hawking: What is the nature of time? Will it ever come to an end? Can we go back in time? Some day these answers may seem as obvious to us as the Earth orbiting the sun, or perhaps as ridiculous as a tower of tortoises. Only time, that's what we say.
Jane Hawking: I have loved you.
Cockcroft Guest 2: Now you are recognized everywhere. How do you deal with all the attention?
Stephen Hawking: I was stopped recently by a tourist at Cambridge who asked if I was the real Stephen Hawking. I replied I was not, and said the real one was much better looking.
Audience: Jane Hawking: What do cosmologists worship?
Stephen Hawking: A single unifying equation that explains everything in the universe.
Stephen Hawking: What if I reverse time to see what happened at the beginning of time itself?
Jane Hawking: Wind back the clock?
Technician: Welcome to the future.
Stephen Hawking: My name is Stephen Hawking...
Jane Hawking: It's American!
Technician: Is that a problem?
Jane Hawking: Oh, my goodness, well... is there another voice?
Technician: It's the only one lately I have at the moment.
Jane Hawking: I think it's great!
Stephen Hawking: I'm sorry. I did my best.
Jane Hawking: What are you writing?
Stephen Hawking: Look what we made.
Jane Hawking: Einstein hated peas. Quantum theory. He said, "God doesn't play dice with the universe."
Stephen Hawking: Seems he not only *plays* dice, but he throws them where we can't find them.
Jane Hawking: God is back on the endangered species list.
Jonathan Hellyer Jones: Well, I expect he'll cope.
Stephen Hawking: And physics is back in business.
Stephen Hawking: My name is Stephen Hawking.
Doctor: It's called motor neuron disease. It's a progressive neurological disorder that destroys the cells in the brain that control essential muscle activity, such as speaking, walking, breathing, swallowing. The signals that muscles must receive in order to move are disrupted. The result is gradual muscle decay. Wasting away. Eventually, the ability to control voluntary movement is lost. Entirely. I'm afraid average life expectancy is two years. There's nothing I can do for you.
Stephen Hawking: What about the brain?
Doctor: The brain isn't affected. Your thoughts won't change, it's... just that... Well, eventually, no one will know what they are.
Woman: Now you are recognized everywhere. How do you deal with all the attention?
Stephen Hawking: I was stopped recently by a tourist in Cambridge, who asked if I was the real Stephen Hawking. I replied I was not, and said the real one was much better looking.
Man: In 1979, you talked about the possibility of a theory of everything being discovered before the end of the century.
Stephen Hawking: I now predict that I was wrong.
Stephen Hawking: No... doctors. No doctors!
Khalatnikov: As you know, my field is evolution of the hot universe, the properties of the microwave background radiation and the theory of black holes. To be honest, I came here today expecting to hear a lot of nonsense. I go home disappointed. The little one here has done it! He has done it!
Jonathan Hellyer Jones: Stephen, Jane was telling me that you have a beautiful, theorem. That proves that the universe, had a beginning. Is that it?
Stephen Hawking: That was my PhD thesis. My new project disproves it.
Jonathan Hellyer Jones: Disproves it?
Stephen Hawking: Yes.
Jonathan Hellyer Jones: So then you no longer believe in the creation?
Stephen Hawking: What one believes is irrelevant in physics."
Stephen Hawking: "... of space time use."
Jane Hawking: This is amazing, this is poetry!
Stephen Hawking: No, this is a black hole theory.
Jane Hawking: Time began at a certain point. There was a moment of creation. This is God's work.
Stephen Hawking: I think you'll find the equations are mine, but good point. Let's put a copyright symbol on the front page to avoid conflict.
Jane Hawking: To the esteemed and formidable doctor...
Brian: Who?
Jane Hawking: *Doctor Stephen Hawking*.
Stephen Hawking: To prove with a single equation that time had a beginning. Wouldn't that be nice professor? The one simple elegant equation, to explain everything
Jane Hawking: Reading Stephen Hawking's draft of A Brief History of Time: "Who are we? Why are we here? If we ever learn this, it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason, for then we would know the mind of god."
Stephen Hawking: Exterminate. Exterminate.
Dennis Sciama: I don't understand. You've spent years assuming black holes exist, and you believe Cygnus X-1 could well turn out to be the first black hole that we can actually observe. And yet, you've bet Kip Thorne it's not a black hole.
Stephen Hawking: Yes.
Dennis Sciama: What did you bet him?
Stephen Hawking: A one-year subscription to a magazine.
Dennis Sciama: Which magazine? Nature?
Stephen Hawking: No. Penthouse.
Stephen Hawking: So I said, "I have long been looking for a model of the universe." I finally found her."
Elaine Mason: I bet you did.
Beryl Wilde: Now... I'd like to make a suggestion. It might sound a bit unusual but I have seen it work wonders. I think... that you should consider joining the church choir.
Jane Hawking: Mum, I think that's possibly the most English thing anyone has ever said.     