
Duplo: We are from the planet Duplo, and we're here to destroy you.
Emmet: Oh, man.
Batman: To the Batmobile!
Batman: Dang it...
Wonder Woman: To the Invisible Jet!
Wonder Woman: Dang it...
Batman: I only work in black and sometimes very, very dark grey.
Batman: If this relationship is going to work out between us I need to feel free to party with a bunch of strangers whenever I feel like it. I will text you.
Emmet: Uh, guys? We're about to crash into the sun.
Batman: Yeah, but it's gonna look really cool.
Emmet: You don't have to be the bad guy. You are the most talented, most interesting, and most extraordinary person in the universe. And you are capable of amazing things. Because you are the Special. And so am I. And so is everyone. The prophecy is made up, but it's also true. It's about all of us. Right now, it's about you. And you... still... can change everything.
Bad Cop: Darn, darn, darn, darny-darn!
Benny: Spaceship!
Emmet: I wanna go home!
Emmet: That's not what I meant!
Green Lantern: Don't worry, Superman, I'll get you out of there!
Superman: No, don't!
Green Lantern: Oh, my gosh, my hands are stuck. My legs are stuck as well.
Superman: I super hate you.
Bad Cop: Playing dumb, Masterbuilder?
Emmet: No! I- Masterbuilder?
Bad Cop: Oh, so you've never heard of the prophecy?
Emmet: No, I...
Bad Cop: Or the Special?
Emmet: No! No, I...
Bad Cop: You're a liar!
Emmet: Look, um... I watch a lot of cop shows on TV... isn't there supposed to be a-... Isn't there supposed to be a good cop?
Bad Cop: Oh yes, but we're not done yet.
Bad Cop: Hi, buddy! I'm your friendly neighborhood police officer! Would you like a glass of water?
Emmet: Yeah.
Emmet: Yeah, actually...
Bad Cop: Too bad.
Benny: Disable the shield! Come on! You are undermining me!
Computer: Which phrase would you like me to underline?
Benny: Disable the shield!
Metalbeard: Let me try.
Metalbeard: Be ye disabling of yond shield.
Computer: Disabling shield.
Benny: What?
Batman: You know, I don't want to spoil the party but, does anyone notice that we're stuck in the middle of the ocean on this couch? Do you know what kind of sunburn I'm going to get? None, 'cause I'm covered in latex, but you guys are going to get seriously fried. I mean it's not like a... like a big gigantic ship is just going to come out of nowhere and save US by gosh.
President Business: All I'm asking for is total perfection.
Lucy: We'd rather he die than give it to you.
Emmet: I... would not rather he died.
Vitruvius: We are entering your mind...
Emmet: What?
Vitruvius: To prove that you have the unlocked potential to be a Master Builder.
Emmet: Whoa, are we inside my brain right now? It's big. I must be smart.
Vitruvius: I'm not hearing a whole lot of activity in here.
Lucy: I don't think he's ever had an original thought... in his life.
Emmet: That's not true. For instance, one time I wanted a bunch of my friends over to watch TV, not unlike this TV that just showed up magically. And not everybody can fit on my one couch, and I thought to myself, well, what if there's such a thing as a bunkbed but as a couch? Introducing the double decker couch! So everyone could watch TV together and be buddies!
Lucy: That's literally the dumbest thing I ever heard.
Vitruvius: Please, Wyldstyle, let me handle this. That idea is just the worst.
Lucy: That's real music, Emmet. It's dark and brooding.
Emmet: Hey, I can be dark and brooding too - Guys, look, a rainbow!
Emmet: Hey, uh, listen. Do you think you can explain to me why I'm dressed like this? And what those big words in the sky were all about? And, like, where we are... in time?
Lucy: Your home, Bricksburgh, is one of many realms in the universe. There's also this one, Pirates Cove, Knights Club, Vikings Landing, Clown Town, and a bunch of others we don't even mention. Lord Business, or as you think you know him, President Business, stole the Kragl, the most powerful object in the universe...
Lucy: ... blah, blah, blah. Proper name. Place name. Backstory stuff...
Emmet: Mmm-hmmm
Lucy: ... is the Special. The Special...
Lucy: ... I'm so pretty. I like you. But I'm angry with you for some reason...
Emmet: Mmm-hmmm
Lucy: ... put the Piece of Resistance onto the Kragl and disarm it forever!
Emmet: Great. I think I got it. But just in case... tell me the whole thing again, I wasn't listening.
Emmet: That's the signal, but the shield is still up.
Batman: Then I guess we'll just have to wing it.
Batman: That's a bat pun.
Robot: Who are you here to see?
Batman: I'm here to see... your butt!
Robot: Is that a last name Butt, first name Your...?
Robot: Oh, my gosh!
Batman: Pow!
Batman: Wham!
Batman: Kezap!
Batman: First try!
Vitruvius: One day, a talented lass or fellow, a special one with face of yellow, will make the Piece of Resistance found from it's hiding refuge underground, and with a noble army at the helm, this Master Builder will thwart the Kragle and save the realm, and be the greatest, most interesting, most important person of all times. All this is true because it rhymes.
The Man Upstairs: You know the rules, this isn't a toy!
Finn: Um... it kind of is.
The Man Upstairs: No, actually it's a highly sophisticated inter-locking brick system.
Finn: But we bought it at the toy store.
The Man Upstairs: We did, but the way I'm using it makes it an adult thing.
Finn: The box for this one said "Ages 8 to 14"!
The Man Upstairs: That's a suggestion. They have to put that on there.
Benny: Hey, I'm Ben! But you can call me Benny! And I can build a spaceship. Watch this.
Benny: Spaceship! Spaceship! Spaceship! Spaceship! Spaceship!
Lucy: No! You can't. The skies are surrounded.
Benny: That's okay, I didn't really wanna build a spaceship. Anyway, that's cool.
Lucy: Today will not be known as Taco Tuesday. It will be known as freedom Friday, but still on a Tuesday!
President Business: Hi, I'm President Business, president of the Octan corporation and the world. Let's take extra care to follow the instructions or you'll be put to sleep, and don't forget Taco Tuesday's coming next week.
Metalbeard: ... Guarded by a robot army and secondary measures of every kind imaginable. Lasers, sharks, laser sharks, overbearing assistants...
Abraham Lincoln: A house divided against itself... would be better than this!
Emmet: I'm just gonna come right out, I have no idea what's going on or what this place is at all.
Unikitty: Hi! I am Princess Unikitty, and I welcome you all to Cloud Cuckoo Land!
Emmet: So there are no signs on anything. How does anyone know what not to do?
Unikitty: Here in Cloud Cuckoo Land, there are no rules: There's no government, no baby sitters, no bedtimes, no frowny faces, no bushy mustaches, and no negativity of any kind.
Lucy: You just said the word "no" like a thousand times.
Unikitty: And there's also no consistency.
Batman: I hate this place.
Unikitty: Any idea is a good idea except the non-happy ones. Those we push down deep inside where you'll never, ever, ever, EVER find them!
Vitruvius: My fellow Master Builders. Including but not limited to Robin Hood, Mermaid Lady, Gandalf, Swamp Creature, 1980s Something Space Guy...
Benny: Hello.
Vitruvius: ...The 2002 NBA All Stars and Wonder Woman. You have traveled far to be here for a moment of great import. We have learned that Lord Business plans to unleash a fully-weaponized Kragle on Taco Tuesday to end the world as we know it.
Vitruvius: Please calm yourselves Green Ninja, Milhouse, Nice Vampire, Michelangelo, Michelangelo, and Cleopatra. There is yet one hope. The Special has arisen.
Gandalf: Have the young man step forward.
Vitruvius: As you wish, Dubbledore.
Gandalf: I'm Gandalf!
Dumbledore: It's pronounced Dumbledore.
Vitruvius: Dubbledore?
Dumbledore: No, Dumbledore.
Vitruvius: I thought you said Dubbledore.
Gandalf: Vitruvius!
Vitruvius: Ah, we gotta write all that down 'cause I'm not gonna remember any of it, but here we go. The Special will now give an eloquent speech.
Vitruvius: Go ahead man, you got this.
Lucy: Come with me if you want to not die.
Unikitty: So why did you come back?
Metalbeard: This be-doubled land couch. I watched Lord Business' forces completely overlook it. Which means we need more ideas like it!
Emmet: Oh, thank you.
Metalbeard: Ideas so dumb and bad that no one would ever think they could possibly be useful.
Emmet: Oh. Thank you.
Emmet: I have no experience fighting, leading or making plans. It's going to be really hard, but I...
Metalbeard: Really hard?
Metalbeard: WIPING YER BUM WITH A HOOK FOR A HAND IS REALLY HARD! THIS BE IMPOSSIBLE!
Vitruvius: He's coming. Cover your butt.
Vitruvius: Emmet...
Emmet: Who said that?
Vitruvius: I did. I am Ghost Vitruvius. Oooooh. Emmet, you didn't let me finish earlier because I died. The reason I made up the prophecy was because I knew that whoever found the piece could become the special. Because the only thing anyone needs to be special is to believe that you can be. I know that sounds like a cat poster but it's true. Look at what you did when you believed you were special. You just need to believe it some more.
Emmet: But how could I just decide to believe that I'm special when I'm not?
Vitruvius: Because the world depends on it. Ooooohh.
Batman: Relax, everybody, I'm here.
Emmet: Batman!
Batman: What's up, babe?
Lucy: Babe!
Emmet: What?
Lucy: Oh, sorry.
Lucy: Batman, this is Emmet.
Lucy: Emmet, this is my boyfriend. Batman.
Batman: I'm Batman.
Emmet: That's your boyfriend?
Emmet: Batman, huh? Where did you guys meet?
Lucy: It's actually a funny story. Right, Bat...?
Bad Cop: There he is!
Batman: Police to meet you, Bad Cop.
Bad Cop: Batman! The pleasure is all mine!
Batman: Guess what, you big dumb baby? Your car is a baby carriage.
Vitruvius: I liked Emmett before it was cool.
Emmet: President Business is going to end the world? But he's such a good guy! And Octan, they make good stuff: music, dairy products, coffee, TV shows, surveillance systems, all history books, voting machines... wait a minute!
Bad Cop: You were found at the construction site convulsing with a strange piece.
Emmet: That's disgusting!
Shaq: Y'all ready for this?
Shaq: Oh no! They were ready for that.
Vitruvius: Emmet, you had a vision.
Emmet: I did?
Vitruvius: MasterBuilders spend years training themselves to clear their minds enough to have even a fleeting glimpse of The Man Upstairs and yet, your mind is already so prodigiously empty that there is nothing in it to clear away in the first place. With proper training you could become a great MasterBuilder.
Unikitty: Business, business, business. Numbers. Is this thing working?
Robot: Yes.
Unikitty: Yeah!
TV Presenter: We now return to "Where Are My Pants?"
"Where are my pants?" guy: Honey? Where are my paaaaaaaants?
Batman: I hate this place.
Emmet: Isn't there a good cop?
Bad Cop: Hi buddy! Want a cup of water?
Emmet: Yeah, actually.
Bad Cop: Bad Cop: Too bad!
President Business: Hi, I'm President Business, president of the Octan corporation and the world. Let's take extra care to follow the instructions,
President Business: or you'll be put to sleep.
President Business: And don't forget Taco Tuesday's coming next week! That's the day every rule-following citizen gets a free taco and my love. Have a great day, everybody!
Emmet: You have a great day too, President Business. Man, he's such a cool guy. I always wanna hear more of what...
Emmet: Wait, did he say "put to sleep"?
Vitruvius: Are you ready?
Emmet: Yes, I am, I think.
Vitruvius: My sweet Emmet, come closer. You must know something about the prophecy.
Emmet: I know. I'm doing my best but... I don't-I don't.
Vitruvius: The prophecy... I made it up.
Emmet: What?
Vitruvius: I made it up. It's not true.
Emmet: But that means I'm just... I'm not the special?
Vitruvius: You must listen. What I'm about to tell you will change the course of history...
Vitruvius: Blargh.
Bad Cop: Get off my train.
Batman: This is not how Batman dies.
Emmet: Oh my G-O-S-H!
Unikitty: Marry a marshmallow.
Emmet: I think I heard a whoosh.
Batman: Bruce Wayne? Uh... who's that? Sounds like a cool guy.
Batman: Guess what, you big dumb baby? Your car is a baby carriage.
Vitruvius: These mechanical birds will get our message out. They will go to an internet cafe and e-mail the remaining Master Builders, who will meet us in the secret realm of Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Superman: Can't get much worse than this.
Green Lantern: Uh, hello, neighbor.
Superman: Oh, no.
Green Lantern: It's Green Lantern. Oh my gosh, we're roommates. How crazy is that?
Superman: Does anyone have some kryptonite that they can give me?
Unikitty: So why did you come back?
Metalbeard: This be doubled land couch. I watched Lord Business' forces completely overlook it. Which means we need more ideas like it!
Emmet: Oh, thank you.
Metalbeard: Ideas so dumb and bad that no one would ever think they could possibly be useful.
Emmet: Oh. Thank you.
Emmet: Wildstyle, you're such an amazing person. And, you know, if Batman can't see that then he's just , well, he's just as blind as a guy whose eyes stopped working.
President Business: Hey, not so special anymore, huh? Well guess what? No one ever told me I was special! I never got a trophy just for showing up! I'm not some special little snowflake! No! But as unspecial as I am, you are a thousand-billion times more unspecial than me!
President Business: It's not personal, just business... Lord Business.
Batman: What're you losers talking about? Thought I'd help you guys out. Left the weird cat thing to stall.
President Business: Emmet... thank you. And I just want you to know from the bottom of my heart, from this moment foward, I solemnly promise that I will never-
Unikitty: You need to be more friendly!
Superman: Can't move!
Green Lantern: Don't worry, Superman! I'll get you outta there!
Superman: No! Don't...
Green Lantern: Ahh! Oh my gosh, my hands are stuck. My legs are stuck as well.
Superman: I super hate you.
Emmet: Who are you?
Metalbeard: The name be Metalbeard. And I'll tell you my tale of woe.
Vitruvius: Oh, great, here we go again.
Emmet: Ahhhh! I wanna go home!
Emmet: This is not what I meant!
Bad Cop: I hope there's still some "good cop" in me.
Good Cop: Yay!
The Statue of Liberty: Bonjour.
Superman: Girl, what are you doing right now?
Green Lantern: Hey, Superman!
Superman: Oh, hey. What's up?
Green Lantern: Lantern. Green Lantern.
Superman: Yeah, yeah.
Green Lantern: You wanna sit together at the meeting?
Superman: Um... I have to- I have to go back to Krypton.
Green Lantern: Didn't- Didn't Krypton blow up?
Batman: First try.
Benny: Hi! I'm Ben, but you can call me Benny, and I can build a Spaceship! Watch!
Emmet: Unikitty, you're supposed to follow the instructions, remember?
Unikitty: Sorry.
Metalbeard: Let me try.
Metalbeard: Be ye disabling of yon shields?
Computer: Disabling shields.
Benny: What?
Unikitty: Your fellow Master Builders are gathered in the Dog.
Emmet: The what?
Lucy: And, by the way, I have a boyfriend.
Emmet: Uh, I'm not sure exactly why you'd bring that up.
Lucy: It's super serious. You do not want to mess with him.
Emmet: Okay.
Lucy: So don't get any ideas.
Emmet: I never have any ideas.
President Business: Emmet... thank you. And I just want you to know from the bottom of my heart, from this moment forward, I solemnly promise that I will never-
    