
Katy: Anything that sticks out falls off!
Rose: But I'm his Mother, Sister.
Sister Bridget: You're not his mother! A mother puts a child to bed at night, looks after him when he's sick. Feeds, clothes and educates him. You've done none of that. How can you take credit for something you haven't done?
Bernadette: Having a baby's not a crime.
Rose: Having a baby before you're married is a mortal sin!
Bernadette: I'd commit any sin, mortal or otherwise, to get the hell out of here.
Mr. O'Connor: You've got no home. You have no mother. You got no father. You killed us, you slut. You killed us both.
Josephine: What have you done to my bed?
Crispina: My Saint Christopher, you found it, God bless ya.
Margaret: You dirty thieving bitch!
Rose: God, will you stop that? Stop it, for Gods sake!
Margaret: You're a wicked bitch, you know that? You're a wicked thieving bitch! She had Crispina's Saint Christopher under her bed! The only thing that girl owns in the whole world and you stole it!
Crispina: You found my Saint Christopher. Thank you, thank you!
Margaret: Don't you understand? She stole it!
Crispina: Yeah, but you found it.
Margaret: Am I the only one who thinks that what she did was completely despicable?
Margaret: Oh, you can all just go to hell!
Crispina: You're not a man of God!
Bernadette: Please don't tell her... please...
Katy: But I have to tell her! I have to.
Bernadette: Fine. But if you do I'll kill myself, and you know what that means? It means I'll go straight to hell and so will you, because in God's eyes you'll be a murderer, same as me.
Katy: No, no! That's not true! That's not true?
Bernadette: You can shove your friendly face up your not so friendly arse.
Margaret: Well, what is it you're wanting to show me? Come on, Kevin, what's the secret?
Margaret: Crispina, why did you want to kill yourself?
Bernadette: Jesus, that's a stupid thing to ask in this place.
Margaret: I'm just trying to stop her from killing herself.
Bernadette: I know what you're trying to do. I just don't know why you're doing it.
Sister Bridget: For many years, more years than I care to remember, I have had a secret love. In fact not just one, but dozens. Since I have been thirteen years old I have been in love... with the films.
Rose: I'll write to you.
Bernadette: Grand.
Rose: Good luck.
Bernadette: It's not a fucking chimney
Bernadette: Please, Sister, Katie's dead.
Sister: May she rest in peace.
Sister: Remember this beating, girl.     