
Prime Minister: Whenever I get gloomy with the state of the world, I think about the arrivals gate at Heathrow Airport. General opinion's starting to make out that we live in a world of hatred and greed, but I don't see that. It seems to me that love is everywhere. Often, it's not particularly dignified or newsworthy, but it's always there - fathers and sons, mothers and daughters, husbands and wives, boyfriends, girlfriends, old friends. When the planes hit the Twin Towers, as far as I know, none of the phone calls from the people on board were messages of hate or revenge - they were all messages of love. If you look for it, I've got a sneaky feeling you'll find that love actually is all around.
Natalie: He said no one's gonna fancy a girl with thighs the size of big tree trunks. Not a nice guy, actually, in the end.
Prime Minister: Ah! You know, um, being Prime Minister, I could just have him murdered.
Natalie: Thank you, sir. I'll think about it.
Prime Minister: Do. The SAS are absolutely charming. Ruthless trained killers are just a phone call away.
Jamie: It's my favorite time of day, driving you.
Aurelia: It's the saddest part of my day, leaving you.
Billy Mack: Hiya kids. Here is an important message from your Uncle Bill. Don't buy drugs. Become a pop star, and they give you them for free!
Press Conference Reporter: Mr. President, has it been a good visit?
The President: Very satisfactory indeed. We got what we came for, and our special relationship is still very special.
Press Conference Reporter: Prime Minister?
Prime Minister: I love that word "relationship." Covers all manner of sins, doesn't it? I fear that this has become a bad relationship; a relationship based on the President taking exactly what he wants and casually ignoring all those things that really matter to, erm... Britain. We may be a small country, but we're a great one, too. The country of Shakespeare, Churchill, the Beatles, Sean Connery, Harry Potter. David Beckham's right foot. David Beckham's left foot, come to that. And a friend who bullies us is no longer a friend. And since bullies only respond to strength, from now onward I will be prepared to be much stronger. And the President should be prepared for that.
Daniel: Option One: ask her out.
Sam: Impossible.
Daniel: Fair enough. Option Two: become her friend.
Sam: She's the most popular girl in school and she hates boys.
Daniel: Okay. Option Three: kidnap her and keep her tied up in your room until she agrees to marry you.
Sam: It's a route I've considered.
Daniel: And quite rightly rejected on the grounds of...
Sam: Hygiene.
Mark: With any luck, by next year - I'll be going out with one of these girls.
Mark: But for now, let me say - Without hope or agenda - Just because it's Christmas - And at Christmas you tell the truth - To me, you are perfect - And my wasted heart will love you - Until you look like this.
Mark: Merry Christmas.
Daniel: So what's the problem, Sammy-o? Is it just Mum, or is it something else? Maybe... school - are you being bullied? Or is it something worse? Can you give me any clues at all?
Sam: You really want to know?
Daniel: I really want to know.
Sam: Even though you won't be able to do anything to help?
Daniel: Even if that's the case, yeah.
Sam: Okay. Well, the truth is... actually... I'm in love.
Daniel: Sorry?
Sam: I know I should be thinking about Mum all the time, and I am. But the truth is, I'm in love and I was before she died, and there's nothing I can do about it.
Daniel: Aren't you a bit young to be in love?
Sam: No.
Daniel: Oh, well, okay... right. Well, I mean, I'm a little relieved.
Sam: Why?
Daniel: Well, because I thought it would be something worse.
Sam: Worse than the total agony of being in love?
Daniel: Oh. No, you're right. Yeah, total agony.
Daniel: Tell her that you love her.
Sam: No way! Anyway, they fly tonight.
Daniel: Even better! Sam, you've got nothin' to lose, and you'll always regret it if you don't! I never told your mom enough. I should have told her everyday because she was perfect everyday. You've seen the films, kiddo. It ain't over 'til its over.
Sam: Okay, Dad. Let's do it. Let's go get the shit kicked out of us by love.
Juliet: But... you never talk to me. You always talk to Peter. You don't like me.
Mark: I hope it's useful. Don't show it around too much. It needs a bit of editing. Look, I've gotta get to a lunch. Early lunch. You can just show yourself out, can't you?
Mark: It's a... self-preservation thing, you see.
Sam: There's this big concert at the end of term, and Joanna's in it. And I thought, maybe if I was in the band, and played absolutely superbly, there's a chance that she might actually fall in love with me. What do you think?
Daniel: I think it's brilliant! I think it's stellar! Uh, apart from the one, obvious, tiny, little baby little hiccup...
Sam: That I don't play a musical instrument.
Daniel: Yessir.
Sam: A tiny, insignificant detail.
Jamie: Beautiful Aurelia, I've come here with a view of asking you to marriage me. I know I seems an insane person - because I hardly knows you - but sometimes things are so transparency, they don't need evidential proof. And I will inhabit here, or you can inhabit with me in England.
Sophia Barros: Definitely go for England, girl. You'll meet Prince William - then you can marry him instead.
Harry: Tell me, exactly, how long it is that you've been working here?
Sarah: Two years, seven months, three days and, I suppose, what... two hours?
Harry: And how long have you been in love with Karl, our enigmatic chief designer?
Sarah: Ahm, two years, seven months, three days and, I suppose, an hour and thirty minutes.
Harry: I thought as much.
Sarah: Do you think everybody knows?
Harry: Yes.
Sarah: Do you think Karl knows?
Harry: Yes.
Sarah: Oh, that is... that is bad news.
Harry: Well I just thought maybe the time had come to do something about it.
Sarah: Like what?
Harry: Invite him out for a drink and then, after about twenty minutes, casually drop into the conversation the fact that you'd like to marry him and have lots of sex and babies.
Sarah: You know that?
Harry: Yes, and so does Karl. Think about it, for all our sakes. It's Christmas.
Sarah: Certainly. Excellent. Will do. Thanks, boss!
Billy Mack: I realized that Christmas is... is the time to be with the people you love.
Joe: Right.
Billy Mack: And I realized that, as dire chance and... and... and fateful cockup would have it, here I am, mid-50s, and without knowing it I've gone and spent most of my adult life with a... with a chubby employee. And... and much as it grieves me to say it, it... it might be that the people I love is, in fact... you.
Joe: Well, this is a surprise.
Billy Mack: Yeah.
Joe: Ten minutes at Elton John's, you're as gay as a maypole!
Jamie: You learned English?
Aurelia: Just in cases.
Karen: Tell me, if you were in my position, what would you do?
Harry: What position is that?
Karen: Imagine your husband bought a gold necklace, and come Christmas gave it to somebody else...
Harry: Oh, Karen...
Karen: Would you wait around to find out...
Parent: Good night!
Karen: Night, night. Happy Christmas!
Karen: Would you wait around to find out if it's just a necklace, or if it's sex and a necklace, or if, worst of all, it's a necklace and love? Would you stay, knowing life would always be a little bit worse? Or would you cut and run?
Harry: Oh, God. I am so in the wrong. The classic fool!
Karen: Yes, but you've also made a fool out of me, and you've made the life I lead foolish, too!
Rufus: Let me just pop it in the box. There.
Harry: Look, can we be quite quick?
Rufus: Certainly sir. Ready in the flashiest of flashes!
Rufus: There.
Harry: That's great.
Rufus: Not quite finished...
Harry: Actually, I don't need a bag, I'll just put it in my pocket.
Rufus: Oh this isn't a bag, sir.
Harry: Really?
Rufus: This is SO much more than a bag...
Natalie: Hello, David. I mean "sir". Shit, I can't believe I've just said that. And now I've gone and said "shit" - twice. I'm so sorry, sir.
Prime Minister: It's fine, it's fine. You could've said "fuck," and then we'd have been in real trouble.
Natalie: Thank you, sir. I did have an awful premonition that I was gonna fuck up on the first day. Oh, piss it!
Peter: No surprises?
Mark: No surprises.
Peter: Not like the stag night?
Mark: Unlike the stag night.
Peter: Do you admit the Brazilian prostitutes were a mistake?
Mark: I do.
Peter: And it would have been much better if they'd not turned out to be men?
Mark: That is true.
Colin: And what do you do Nancy?
Nancy the caterer: I'm a cook.
Colin: Ever do weddings?
Nancy the caterer: Yes I do.
Colin: They should have asked you to do this one.
Nancy the caterer: They did.
Colin: God I wish you hadn't turned it down.
Nancy the caterer: I didn't.
Mikey, DJ interviewer: Wow. Thanks for that, Bill.
Billy Mack: For what?
Mikey, DJ interviewer: Well, for actually giving a real answer to a question. Doesn't often happen here at "Radio Watford" I can tell you.
Billy Mack: Ask me anything you like, I'll tell you the truth.
Mikey, DJ interviewer: Uh, best shag you've ever had?
Billy Mack: Britney Spears.
Mikey, DJ interviewer: Wow!
Billy Mack: No, only kidding. She was rubbish.
Daniel: So, let's go. We can definitely crack this. Remember, I was a kid once, too. So come on, it's someone at school, right?
Sam: Yeah.
Daniel: Aha, good, good. And what does she - he - feel about ya?
Sam: *She* doesn't even know my name. And even if she did, she'd despise me. She's the coolest girl in school and everyone worships her because she's heaven.
Daniel: Good. Good.
Daniel: Well...
Daniel: Basically, you're fucked, aren't you?
Billy Mack: This is shit, isn't it?
Joe: Yep, solid gold shit, maestro.
Aurelia: Jamie's friends are so good looking! He never tells me this. I think, maybe now I have made the wrong choice? Picked wrong Englishman?
Jamie: She can't speak English properly, she-she doesn't know what she's saying.
Billy Mack: Oh! Fuck wank bugger shitting arse head and hole!
Prime Minister: *You* have this kind of problem? Yeah... of course you did, you saucy minx!
Harris Street old lady: Aren't you the Prime Minister?
Prime Minister: Yes, in fact, I am. Merry Christmas.
Harris Street old lady: Oh...!
Prime Minister: Part of the service, now. Trying to get round to everyone by New Year's Eve.
Jamie: Er... Would you like the last, uh...?
Aurelia: Thank you very much, but no.
Jamie: No?
Aurelia: If you saw my sister, you'd understand why.
Jamie: That's all right, more for me.
Aurelia: Just don't go eating it all yourself, you're getting chubbier every day.
Jamie: I'm very lucky, I've got one of those constitutions where I never put on weight.
Karen: The trouble with being the Prime Minister's sister is, it does put your life into rather harsh perspective. What did my brother do today? He stood up and fought for his country. And what did I do? I made a papier maché lobster head.
Juliet: I thought I might be able to swap it for some pie or... or maybe Munchies?
Mark: Actually, I was being serious. I don't know where it is. I'll have a poke around tonight...
Juliet: Mark, can I say something?
Mark: Yeah.
Juliet: I know you're Peter's best friend and I know you've never particularly warmed to me. Look, don't... don't argue. We've never got friendly. But I just wanted to say, I hope that can change. I'm nice. I really am. Apart from my terrible taste in pie and... It would be great if we could be friends.
Mark: Absolutely.
Juliet: Great.
Mark: Doesn't mean we'll be able to find the video, though. I had a real search when you first called and couldn't any trace of it, so...
Juliet: Well, there's one here that says "Peter and Juliet's Wedding". Do you think we might be on the right track?
Billy Mack: I left Elton's, where there were a hefty number of half-naked chicks with their mouths open, in order to hang out with you, at Christmas.
Joe: Well, Bill...
Billy Mack: It's a terrible, terrible mistake, Chubs, but you turn out to be the fucking love of my life. And to be honest, despite all my complaining, we have had a wonderful life.
Prime Minister: Ah, hello. Is, er, Natalie in?
Natalie: Where the fuck is my fucking coat?
Natalie: Oh, hello.
Prime Minister: Hello.
Billy Mack: When I was young and successful, I was greedy and foolish, and now I'm left with no one. Wrinkled and alone.
Karen: Now which doll shall we give Daisy's little friend Emily? The one that looks like a transvestite or the one that looks like a dominatrix?
Daniel: You know, Sammy, I'm sure she's unique and extraordinary, but... the general wisdom is that, in the end, there isn't just one person for each of us.
Sam: There was for Kate and Leo. There was for you. There is for me.
Sam: She's "the one".
Daniel: Fair enough.
Mia: You're not who I think you are, are you?
Prime Minister: Yes, I'm afraid I am. And I'm sorry for all the cock-ups, my cabinet are absolute crap. We'll have to do better next year.
Aurelia: I will miss you. And your very slow typing... and your very bad driving.
Prime Minister: Who do you have to screw around here to get a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit?
Prime Minister: Right. So, not quite as secret as we'd hoped.
Natalie: What do we do now?
Prime Minister: Smile. Little bow. And a wave.
Colin: Exciting news!
Tony: What?
Colin: I've bought a ticket to the States. I'm off in three weeks.
Tony: No!
Colin: Yes! To a fantastic place called Wisconsin.
Tony: No!
Colin: Yes! Wisconsin babes, here comes Sir Colin! Whoo hoo!
Tony: No, Col! There are a few babes in America, I grant you, but they're already going out with rich, attractive guys.
Colin: Nah, Tone, you're just jealous. You know perfectly well that any bar anywhere in America contains ten girls more beautiful and more likely to have sex with me than the whole of the United Kingdom.
Tony: That is total bollocks. You've actually gone mad, now.
Colin: No, I'm wise. Stateside I am Prince William without the weird family.
Tony: No, Colin, no!
Colin: Yes!
Tony: Nyet!
Colin: Da!
Tony: Nein!
Colin: Ja, darling!
Karen: So what's this big news, then?
Daisy: We've been given our parts in the nativity play. And I'm the lobster.
Karen: The lobster?
Daisy: Yeah!
Karen: In the nativity play?
Daisy: Yeah, *first* lobster.
Karen: There was more than one lobster present at the birth of Jesus?
Daisy: Duh.
The President: I'll give you anything you ask for - as long as it's not something I don't want to give.
Harry: What's that?
Rufus: It's a cinnamon stick, sir.
Harry: Actually, I really, uh, can't wait.
Rufus: Oh, you won't regret it, sir.
Harry: Wanna bet?
Rufus: 'Tis but the work of a moment. There we go. Almost finished.
Harry: Almost finished? What else can there be? Are you gonna dip it in yogurt? Cover it with Chocolate Buttons?
Jamie: Alone again... Naturally.
Karen: True love lasts a lifetime.
Aurelia: Thank you. That will be nice. Yes is being my answer. Easy question.
Karl: Life is full of interruptions and complications.
Sophia Barros: Oh God - Say 'yes' you skinny moron!
Daniel: Jo and I had uh, a lot of time to prepare for this moment. Some of her, uh, requests - for instance, that I should bring Claudia Schiffer as my date to the funeral - I was confident she expected me to ignore.
Prime Minister: I had an uncle called Terence once. Hated him. I think he was a pervert. But I very much like the look of you.
Annie: Would you like to meet your household staff?
Prime Minister: Yes, I would like that very much, indeed. Anything to put off actually running the country.
Daniel: When she first mentioned what's about to happen, I said, "Over my dead body." And she said, "No, Daniel, over mine... "
Prime Minister: Hello, does Natalie live here?
Harris Street little girl: No, she doesn't.
Prime Minister: Oh, dear. Okay.
Harris Street little girl: Are you singing carols?
Prime Minister: Uh, no. No I'm not.
Her friend: Please, sir, please?
Her friend: Please!
Prime Minister: Well, I suppose I could.
Her friend: Please?
Prime Minister: Alright.
Harris Street little girl, Her friend, Her friend: Yay!
Prime Minister: Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the Feast of Stephen /
Prime Minister: When the snow lay round about, deep and crisp and even / Brightly shone the moon that night...
Karl: Well, I-I'd better go.
Sarah: Okay.
Karl: Goodnight.
Sarah: Goodnight.
Karl: Actually, I don't *have* to go.
Sarah: Right. Good.
Karl: I mean...
Sarah: No-no that's good. Just, um, would you excuse me for one second? Just...
Karl: Sure.
Sarah: Um, okay, that's done. Um, why don't you come upstairs in about ten seconds.
Daniel: And her name's Joanna?
Sam: Yeah, I know, just like Mum. Spooky.
Daniel: Well, in one way then, we're in luck. At least we still have the god-like genius of Scott Walker.
Mikey, DJ interviewer: How do you think the new record compares to your old classic stuff?
Billy Mack: Oh come on, Mikey, you know as well as I do the record's crap.
Billy Mack: But wouldn't it be great if Number One this Christmas wasn't some smug teenager, but an old ex-heroin addict searching for a comeback at any price? All those young popsters, come Christmas Day... they'll be stretched out naked with a cute bird balancing on their balls, and I'll be stuck in some dingy flat with me manager, Joe, ugliest man in the world, fucking miserable because our fucking gamble didn't pay off. So if you believe in Father Christmas, children, like your Uncle Billy does, buy my festering turd of a record. And particularly enjoy the incredible crassness of the moment when we try to squeeze an extra syllable into the fourth line.
Mikey, DJ interviewer: I think you're referring to 'If you really love Christmas... '
Billy Mack: 'Come on and let it snow...?' Ouch!
Mikey, DJ interviewer: So, uh, here it is one more time, the dark horse for this year's Christmas Number One, 'Christmas Is All Around.' Thank you, Billy. After this, the news. Is the new prime minister in trouble already?
Sam: Daniel, I have a plan!
Daniel: Thank the Lord! Tell me.
Sam: Well, girls love musicians, don't they?
Daniel: Uh-huh.
Sam: Even the really weird ones get girlfriends.
Daniel: That's right. Meatloaf definitely got laid at least once. For God's sake, Ringo Starr married a Bond girl!
Sam: Whatever.
Mark: Enough. Enough now.
Sam: Let's go get the shit kicked out of us by love.
Prime Minister: I'm very busy and important. How can I help you?
Prime Minister: Oh, no. That is so inconvenient.
Billy Mack: Let's get pissed and watch porn.
Jamie: Good evening. Mr. Barros?
Mr. Barros: Yes?
Jamie: I am here to ask your daughter for her hands in marriage.
Mr. Barros: You want to marry my daughter?
Jamie: Yes.
Mr. Barros: Come here, there is a man at the door. He wants to marry you.
Sophia Barros: But I've never seen him before.
Mr. Barros: Who cares?
Sophia Barros: You're going to sell me to a complete stranger?
Mr. Barros: Sell? Who said 'sell?' I'll pay him.
Jamie: Pardon me. I'm meaning your other daughter - Aurelia.
Prime Minister: God, you weigh a lot.
Natalie: Oh, shut your face.
Jamie: It's lovely-lovely to see you all... and, er... I'm off, actually.
Jamie's mum: But, Jamie, darling!
Jamie: Sorry. A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
Jamie's niece: I HATE Uncle Jamie!
Sam: There she is!
Joanna Anderson: Hi!
Sam: Hello.
Daniel: Agh! He should have kissed her...
Carol: No, that's cool.
Daniel: She's going to say her final words, not through me, but inevitably, and ever so coolly... through the immortal genius of the Bay City Rollers.
Jamie: No, right. "Silence is golden," as the Tremeloes said. Clever guys. Although I think the original version was by, uh, Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons. Great, great, great band.
Jamie: Oh, shut up.
Sam: But you know, the thing about romance is... people only get together right at the very end.
Sam: By the way, I feel bad. I never asked you how your love life is going.
Daniel: No. As you know, that was a done deal long ago. Unless, of course, Claudia Schiffer calls, in which case I want you out of the house straight away, you wee motherless mongrel.
Sam: Oh?
Daniel: No, no, we'll want to have sex in every room. Including yours.
Jamie: "Grandi," uh... grande familio. Grande traditsione- The Christmas presents. Stupido.
Peter: Who is it?
Juliet: It's carol singers.
Peter: Well, give them a quid and tell them to bugger off!
Daniel: You've seen the films, kiddo. It ain't over 'til it's over.
Colin: I am Colin. God of Sex. I'm just on the wrong continent, that's all.
Prime Minister: I'd like to go to Wandsworth; the dodgy end.
PM's chauffeur, Terry: Very good, sir.
PM's chauffeur, Terry: Harris Street. What number, sir?
Prime Minister: Oh, God. It's the longest street in the world, and I have absolutely no idea.
Prime Minister: I'm not sure that politics and dating really go together.
The President: Really? I never found that.
Prime Minister: Yeah, well, the difference is you're still sickeningly handsome, whereas I look increasingly like my Aunt Mildred.
Stacey, American Dreamgirl: What do you call that?
Colin: Uh, Bottle.
Stacey, American Dreamgirl, Jeannie, American Angel, Carol-Anne, American Goddess: BOHT-el!
Jeannie, American Angel: What about this?
Colin: Uh, straw.
Stacey, American Dreamgirl, Jeannie, American Angel, Carol-Anne, American Goddess: Strohw!
Carol-Anne, American Goddess: What about this?
Colin: Uh, table.
Stacey, American Dreamgirl, Jeannie, American Angel, Carol-Anne, American Goddess: Tab - Oh, the same. It's the same.
Daniel: Sam, time for dinner.
Sam: I'm not hungry.
Daniel: Sam... I've done chicken kebabs!
Sam: Look at the sign on the door.
Daniel: Right.
Harry: NO! No bloody holly!
Billy Mack: Hello? Elton! Of course. Of, of course! Send an embarrassingly big car and I'll be there!
John: So, what do you reckon to our new Prime Minister, then?
Judy: Oh, I like him. I can't understand why he's not married, though.
John: Well, you know the type. He's, uh, married to his job. Either that, or gay as a picnic basket.
Karen: Loitering around the jewelry section, I see!
Harry: No. I was just looking around.
Karen: Don't worry, my expectations are not that high after 13 years of Mr. "Oh-but-you-always-LOVE-scarves"! Actually, I do love this one.
Mia: I don't want something I need. I want something I want - something pretty.
Eleonore: This year you bring a lady guest?
Jamie: Ah, no. There's a change of situation. It's just me.
Eleonore: Oh, am I sad or not sad?
Jamie: Uh, I think you're not surprised.
John: It's Junction 13 that's just murder, isn't it? Total gridlock this morning.
Prime Minister: I'm very jealous of your plane, by the way.
The President: Oh, thank you. We love that thing, I'll tell ya.
Daniel: I'm afraid that there's somethin' really wrong, you know. I mean, clearly it's about his mum, but Christ, he might be injecting heroin into his eyeballs for all I know.
Karen: At the age of eleven?
Daniel: Well, maybe not his eyeballs, then. Maybe just his veins.
Jamie: Oh my God, I've got a terrible stomach ache. It must have been the prawns. My goodness, this is a very big fish! It tastes delicious!
Juliet: Banoffee pie?
Mark: No, thanks.
Juliet: Thank God. You would've broken my heart if you'd said yes.
Mark: Oh, right. Well, lucky you.
Judy: All I want for Christmas is you.
Tony: You'll come back a broken man.
Colin: Yeah, back broken from too much sex!
Harry: Right, the Christmas party. Not my favorite night of the year, and your unhappy job to organize.
Mia: Tell me.
Harry: Well, it's basic, really. Find a venue, over-order on the drinks, bulk-buy the guacamole and advise the girls to avoid Kevin if they want their breasts unfondled.
Colin: America, watch out, here comes Colin Frissell!
Colin: ... And he's got a big *knob*!
Karen: Mia's very pretty.
Harry: Is she?
Karen: You know she is, darling. Be careful there.
Radio 1 chart show DJ: Hi, Billy!
Billy Mack: Hello.
Radio 1 chart show DJ: We're live across the nation, and you're number one!
Radio 1 chart show DJ: How will you be celebrating?
Billy Mack: I don't know. Er, either I could behave like a real rock-and-roll loser, and get drunk with my fat manager, or when I hang up I'll be flooded by invitations to a large number of glamorous parties.
Radio 1 chart show DJ: Let's hope it's the latter. And here it is, Number One from Billy Mack, it's "Christmas Is All Around."
Billy Mack: Oh, Jesus, not that crap again!
Prime Minister: Oooooo, would we call her chubby?
Prime Minister: Oh dear, it's the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the other line.
Karen: No, it isn't.
Prime Minister: I'll call you back.
Karen: No, you won't.
Annie: Right, I'll go get my things, and then let's fix the country, shall we?
Prime Minister: Yeah, I can't see why not.
Sarah's Brother: The nurses are trying to kill me.
Sarah: No one's trying to kill you.
Karen: It was Joni Mitchell that taught your cold-hearted British Wife how to feel.
Daniel: We need Kate, and we need Leo. And we need them now. Come on.
Juliet: I've just tried the wedding video and it's a complete disaster, it's come out all blue and wibbly.
Sarah: Hello, darling. No, no I'm not busy. No - fire away.
Jamie: I'm so late.
Jamie's Girlfriend: It's just 'round the corner, you'll make it.
Jamie: Are you sure you don't mind me going without you?
Jamie's Girlfriend: No, really, I'm just feeling so rotten.
Jamie: I love you.
Jamie's Girlfriend: I know.
Jamie: I love you even when you're sick and look disgusting.
Jamie's Girlfriend: I know. Now go or you will actually miss it.
Jamie: Right. Did I mention that I love you?
Jamie's Girlfriend: Yes you did. Get out, loser!
Juliet: I look quite pretty.
Juliet: All I want is just one shot of me in a wedding dress that isn't bright turquoise.
John: I might get a shag at last!
Judy: Naughty!
Parky: This must be a very exciting moment for you, fighting for the Christmas Number One. How's it looking so far?
Billy Mack: Very bad indeed... Blue are outselling me five to one. But I'm hoping for a late surge. And if I reach Number One, I promise to sing the song stark naked on TV on Christmas Eve.
Parky: Do you mean that?
Billy Mack: Well of course I mean it, Michael. Do you want a preview, you old flirt?
Parky: *That'll* never make Number One!
Colin: American girls would seriously dig me with my cute British accent.
Karen: Get a grip, people hate sissies. No-one's ever gonna shag you if you cry all the time.
Mia: It's an art gallery, full of dark corners, for doing... dark deeds.
Carol-Anne, American Goddess: The thing that's gonna make it more crowded? Harriet.
Jeannie, American Angel: Oh, Harriet!
Carol-Anne, American Goddess: You haven't met Harriet.
Colin: There's a fourth one?
Carol-Anne, American Goddess, Jeannie, American Angel, Stacey, American Dreamgirl: Yeah.
Stacey, American Dreamgirl: Don't worry, you're totally gonna like her, 'cause she is the "sexy one."
Sarah: It is what it is.
Colin: Try my lovely nuts.
Harry: And of course your mobile goes.
Sarah: Do you love him?
Mark: Uh, b- What?
Sarah: No, I... I just thought I'd ask the blunt question.
Colin: Beautiful muffin for a beautiful lady
Mia: I'll just be hanging around the mistletoe, hoping to be kissed.
Colin: I'm on Shag Highway heading West!
Dec: Billy, I understand you've got a prize for our competition winners.
Billy Mack: Yes I have, Ant or Dec. It's a - it's a personalized felt tip pen.
Jamie's Girlfriend: Hurry up big boy, I'm naked and I want you at least twice before Jamie gets home.
Carla, the real friendly one: Hello, you must be Tony. I heard you were gorgeous.
Harry: Christmas shopping, never an easy or a pleasant task.
Colin: English girls. They're stuck up, you see. And I am primarily attractive to girls who are, you know, cooler, game for a laugh. Like American girls. So I should just go to America. I would get a girlfriend there instantly.     