
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: How is it possible to feel nostalgia for a world I never knew?
Miner's Wife: Are you two looking for work?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: No, we aren't looking for work.
Miner's Wife: No?... Then why are you traveling?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: We travel just to travel.
Miner's Wife: Bless you... Blessed be your travels.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Wandering around our America has changed me more than I thought. I am not me any more. At least I'm not the same me I was.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: I want to be useful, somehow.
Silvia (Peru): You're wasting your time.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Why?
Silvia (Peru): Life is pain.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Yeah, it's pretty screwed up. You gotta fight for every breath and tell death to go to hell.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: What do we leave behind when we cross each frontier? Each moment seems split in two; melancholy for what was left behind and the excitement of entering a new land.
Title Card: "This isn't a tale about heroic feats. It's about two lives running parallel for a while, with common aspirations and similar dreams." Ernesto Guevara de la Serna, 1952
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: What we had in common - our restlessness, our impassioned spirits, and a love for the open road.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Me, I'm not the same me, at least not the same spiritual me.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Are you talking to the motorcycle again?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Even though we are too insignificant to be spokesmen for such a noble cause, we believe, and this journey has only confirmed this belief, that the division of American into unstable and illusory nations is a complete fiction. We are one single mestizo race from Mexico to the Magellan Straits. And so, in an attempt to free ourselves from narrow minded provincialism, I propose a toast to Peru and to a United America.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Mother.
Mother Sister Alberto: Yes?
Alberto Granado: We want to eat.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: We deserve to eat like everyone else.
Mother Sister Alberto: Yes, but you didn't go to mass.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: No.
Mother Sister Alberto: Then, how do you expect to feed the body if you didn't feed the soul first?
Alberto Granado: Er, denying food is not very Christian-like.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Yes, I doubt Jesus would act like this.
Mother Sister Alberto: In this house, we have a set of rules that have to be followed.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: I haven't read any rule book.
Alberto Granado: Neither did I. I think that if I find it I would eat it.
Ernesto Guevara Lynch (Argentina): Son, tough times are ahead. To tell the truth, I've always dreamt of doing something like this. I confess that if I were a few years younger, I'd climb on that motorcycle with you.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Imagine I'm doing it for both of us.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: "On the boat I heard the moist slap of bare feet and foresaw faces dark with hunger. My heart was a pendulum between her and the street. I don't know what strength broke me free from her eyes, loose from her arms. She remained clouded by tears, her anguish hidden by the rain."
Alberto Granado: Is that Lorca?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: No.
Alberto Granado: Neruda?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: No.
Alberto Granado: Who?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: I don't remember.
Silvia (Peru): What is wrong with you?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: I was born with bad lungs.
Silvia (Peru): What a shame!
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: No, is not that bad. Thanks to that i skipped the military service, I didn't have to shine anyone boots.
Silvia (Peru): Is that why you became a doctor? Because you are sick?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Is possible.The first word i learned was injection. I want to be useful in some way.
Silvia (Peru): You are wasting your time.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Why?
Silvia (Peru): This life is hell.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Yes, it's really fucked up, but we have to fight for every breath and tell Death to fuck off.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: The goal: to explore a continent we had only known in books.
Alberto Granado: We land on the Guajira Peninsula. The tip of a great continent. Bellies full of wine and two tropical beauties, hopefully sisters.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: That's good beer, huh?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: All you want is to get laid in every country in South America.
Alberto Granado: In every town too, if we're lucky. Adds a little spice.
Alberto Granado: So, when's the revolution coming?
Argentine: Here? In about a century.
Alberto Granado: We gotta learn from the Russians.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Don't your parents realize that the deeper you bury the diamonds, the more determined the pirate is to take them?
Chichina Ferreyra: Believe me, this diamond wouldn't mind being taken.
Chichina Ferreyra: If you stayed we could do many things, Ernesto, but only if you stayed.
Chichina Ferreyra: I'd like for you to stay like this: silent. I want to look at you; I won't see you for a long time. I will wait for you, but don't take forever.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Define "forever".
Chichina Ferreyra: Thin ice, mister!
Alberto Granado: So with Chichina - nothing? Even after you gave her a pure-bred German Shepard, nothing? At least tell me you saw one tit. One little tit. Ah, you saw her titties then. Alright, my man!
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Listen, when we're old and tired of traveling, we should come back and set up a clinic on this lake.
Chipi Chipi Band Singer (Chile): My love, I'm gonna buy a little plane to fly during our sweet honeymoon, my love. My love, I'm gonna buy a little train to take a ride during our sweet honeymoon. Listen to his voice as he walks on, he sings us the Chipi Chipi to dance along! Chipi Chipi! Hey! Chipi Chipi! Hey! Learn to dance the rhythm of the Chipi Chipi! Chipi Chipi! Hey! Chipi Chipi! Hey!
Alberto Granado: It is rumored that Chilean girls are the most daring on the continent.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Rumors have no scientific value, Dr. Granado. Time to do some research.
Jazmin, Chilean Sister: Are you two Argentinian?
Alberto Granado: How'd you know?
Jazmin, Chilean Sister: Well, because of your accent, because Argentinians always say "che".
Alberto Granado: Had you noticed, Che?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Not at all, Che.
Alberto Granado: Fuser, you still haven't asked about the research I did on our Chilean sisters.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: You can't imagine how depressed I am that you're the sexual ambassador of Argentina!
Alberto Granado: It's true.
Truck Driver (Chile): There she is, Valparaíso.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: "I love Valparaíso, all you encompass, all you radiate, lover of the ocean, far from - "
Alberto Granado: Federico García Lorca.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: No.
Truck Driver (Chile): Neruda!
Miner (Chile): We didn't have much, just some tough, dry land.
Miner's Wife: It belonged to his grandpa.
Miner (Chile): It was ours. Until a land speculator forced us off.
Miner's Wife: That's what they call progress.
Miner (Chile): So we had to leave our son with family and hit the road, looking for work, trying to escape from the police who wanted to put us in jail.
Alberto Granado: Why?
Miner's Wife: Because we are communists.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Sir, I wonder, which of these walls is Incan?
Don Néstor, Cuzco Guide: This one here is Incan and that one is Spanish. As a joke we say this wall was made by the Inca and that wall was made by the Inca-pables. That's what we call the Spanish.
Alberto Granado: Fuser, here's my idea; I'll marry an Inca descendant. We'll start an indigenous party under these conditions: we'd encourage the people to vote, reactivate Tupac Amaru's revolution, the Indo-American revolution, Fuser. How's that sound?
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: A revolution without guns? It would never work.
Dr. Hugo Pesce (Peru): This is Mariátegui's book. And you must also read César Vallejo.
Dr. Hugo Pesce (Peru): Mariátegui speaks of the revolutionary potential of the natives and farm workers of Latin America. He says the problem of the Indian is the problem of the land and that the revolution should not be an imitation. It should be original and indigenous.
Luz (Peru): You know a little while ago there was a bufeo out there.
Alberto Granado: Bufeo?
Luz (Peru): They're river dolphins but we call them bufeos. Have you ever seen one?
Alberto Granado: Never. I've heard of them, but I've never seen one.
Luz (Peru): I'm going to tell you a secret.
Alberto Granado: Okay.
Luz (Peru): The bufeo's sex organs are like that of a woman's and the Indians use them to - comfort themselves. But there's a little problem. As soon as they're done, they have to kill the animal because they suffer contractions that won't let them loose.
Alberto Granado: Ernesto, This is Luz...
Luz (Peru): Hola!
Alberto Granado: Which means "light". "Electrifying light that dazzles my dreams. Get ready, you've no clue what's coming to you."
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: Neruda?
Alberto Granado: Granado!
Alberto Granado: I think there's a young lady interested in dancing with you.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: I should ask her, right?
Alberto Granado: The bird of youth flies away and doesn't come back, man. Fly, man, fly!
Alberto Granado: Che.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: What?
Alberto Granado: It's not too late to come work with me in Cabo Blanco. You could come back after you graduate. I'll wait for you.
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna: I don't know. I just don't know. You know, Mial, all this time we spent on the road, something happened. Something I'll have to think about for a long time. So much injustice.
Title Card: In 1960 Granado was invited to live and work in Cuba. The invitation came from his old friend Fuser, now "Comandante" Ernesto Che Guevara, one of the most prominent and inspiring leaders of the Cuban Revolution. Che went on to fight for his ideals in the Congo and Bolivia where he was captured, and with the support of the CIA, murdered in October, 1967.     