
Buscapé: It was like a message from God: "Honesty doesn't pay, sucker."
Buscapé: You need more than guts to be a good gangster. You need ideas.
Zé Pequeno: Can you read?
Gang Member: I can read only the pictures.
Sandro Cenoura: Have you lost your mind? You are just a kid!
Filé-com-Fritas - Steak and Fries: A kid? I smoke, I snort. I've killed and robbed. I'm a man.
Barbantinho Adulto - Older Stringy: Why return to the City of God, where God forgets about you?
Zé Pequeno: Where do you want to take the shot? In the hand or in the foot?
Cabeleira: Hey, Bernice. Listen, I've got something real important to say. Tell me, you ever heard of love at first sight?
Berenice: Sure, but hoods don't fall in love, they just get horny.
Cabeleira: C'mon, you cut everything I say to pieces.
Berenice: Hoods don't talk, they just vomit words.
Cabeleira: Jesus, I'm gonna stop wasting my saliva on you, you sure ain't easy.
Berenice: Hoods never stop, they just take a break.
Cabeleira: Jeez, Bernice, talking about love with you is pretty complicated, isn't it?
Berenice: Love, you gotta be kidding. You're just leading me on.
Cabeleira: But it's just that this jerk here loves you.
Buscapé: Fuck... I'm dead!
Zé Pequeno: What's the name of that friend of yours who took this pictures?
Thiago - Tiago: Buscapé.
Zé Pequeno: Buscapé! The guy is good!
Buscapé Criança - Young Rocket: Sun is for everyone, beach for a few.
Bené: I'm a playboy now.
Zé Pequeno: The fuck I'm Dadinho! Now, my fucking name is Zé Pequeno!
Buscapé: That night, Dadinho killed his dream of kill.
Boy 1: The big deal is dope, you got it?
Boy 2: If you wanna be a dealer, you gotta start as a delivery boy, see?
Boy 1: This delivery boy business is real bullshit. The time it takes being a delivery boy, then security and then manager, is way too long.
Boy 2: What you gonna do? You've gotta wait for them to die...
Boy 1: No way! I'll do it just like Pequeno did: you gotta whack everyone and that's it!
Buscapé: What should have been swift revenge turned into an all out war. The City of God was divided. You couldn't go from one section the other, not even to visit a relative. The cops considered anyone living in the slum a hoodlum. People got used to living in Vietnam, and more and more volunteers signed up to die.
Zé Pequeno: Motherfucker!I'm the boss around here but he gets his picture in the paper! Have you found my photo in there?
Zé Pequeno: Whoa, the chicken ran away. Get that chicken, dude!     