
Prem Kumar: It's getting hot in here.
Jamal Malik: Are you nervous?
Prem Kumar: What? Am I nervous ? It's you who's in the hot seat, my friend!
Jamal Malik: Yes, sorry.
Jamal Malik: When somebody asks me a question, I tell them the answer.
Police Inspector: Doctors... Lawyers... never get past 60 thousand rupees. He's won 10 million.
Police Inspector: What the hell can a slumdog possibly know?
Jamal Malik: The answers.
Jamal Malik: I knew the answers.
Jamal Malik: I knew you'd be watching.
Latika: I thought we would meet only in death.
Jamal Malik: This is our destiny.
Latika: Kiss me.
Jamal Malik: If it wasn't for Rama and Allah, I'd still have a mother.
Prem Kumar: Final question for twenty million rupees, and he's smiling. I guess you know the answer.
Jamal Malik: Do you believe it, I don't!
Prem Kumar: You don't? So you take the ten million and walk?
Jamal Malik: No. I'll play.
Police Inspector: Money and women - the reasons for making most mistakes in life. Looks like you've mixed up both.
Youngest Salim: Keep her crying and you'll earn triple.
Jamal Malik: I love you.
Latika: So what?
Jamal Malik: You wanted to see a bit of the real India?
Jamal Malik: Here it is!
Jamal Malik: I'll wait for you at the train station every day at five.
Javed: My enemy's enemy is a friend.
Middle Jamal: Is this heaven?
Middle Salim: You're not dead, Jamal.
Middle Jamal: What is it? Some hotel?
Youngest Jamal: I just need Maman to like my singing, and we're in the money - big money, Latika.
Youngest Latika: And then what? Can we stop begging?
Youngest Jamal: Begging? Are you kidding? We'll live in a big house on Harbour Road. You, me and Salim, the three musketeers.
Youngest Latika: Harbour Road? Really?
Youngest Jamal: Yes, in the moonlight. You and me. You'll dance with me won't you?
Youngest Latika: I hope you sing better than you dance.
Older Salim: God is great!
Maman: Jamal, the time has come to turn professional.
Youngest Jamal: Really?
Maman: But first, let me hear that song Darshan Do Ghanshyam, my favorite bhajan.
Youngest Jamal: Darshan Do...
Youngest Jamal: Fifty rupees!
Youngest Jamal: I'm a professional now, what to do?
Maman: Cheeky little bugger!
Prem Kumar: A few hours ago, you were giving chai for the phone walahs. And now you're richer than they will ever be. What a player!
Prem Kumar: Ladies and gentlemen, what a player!
Prem Kumar: So, Jamal, tell me something about yourself.
Jamal Malik: I work in a call centre in Juhu.
Prem Kumar: Phone basher! And what type of call center would that be?
Jamal Malik: XL5 mobile phones.
Prem Kumar: Ohh... so you're the one who calls me up every single day of my life with special offers?
Jamal Malik: Actually I'm an assistant.
Prem Kumar: An assistant phone basher? And what does an assistant phone basher do exactly?
Jamal Malik: I get tea for people and...
Prem Kumar: Chaiwalah! Well ladies and gentlemen, Jamal Malik, garma garam chai dene walah from Mumbai, lets play Who Wants To Be A Millionaire!
Latika: You want to do something for me?
Jamal Malik: Anything.
Latika: Then forget me!
Older Salim: Left a message for you at work.
Jamal Malik: There was no message.
Older Salim: I definitely left a mess...
Jamal Malik: There was no message! There was no message! THERE WAS NO MESSAGE!
Jamal Malik: Jamal Malik: I will never forgive you!
Older Salim: I know.
Prem Kumar: So are you ready for the final question for 20 million rupees?
Jamal Malik: No, but maybe its written, no?
Prem Kumar: Maybe...
Shruti Seth: Baali, keep up! The chaiwalah knows more than you.
Prem Kumar: The chaiwalah has done it again!
Middle Jamal: The guide book was written by a bunch of lazy good-for-nothing Indian beggars!
Older Salim: That... used to be our slum. Can you believe that, huh?
Older Salim: We used to live right there, man. Now, it's all business. India is at the center of the world now, bhai. And I... I am at the center... of the center. This is all Javed bhai's.
Jamal Malik: Javed Khan... the gangster from our slum? You work for him?
Older Salim: Come on, who else do you think would save us from Maman's guys, huh?
Jamal Malik: What do you do for him?
Older Salim: Anything he asks.
Older Salim: He's coming. You need to go now. Take my card.
Jamal Malik: What for?
Older Salim: You think I'm gonna let you out of my sight again, huh? You stay with me now, younger brother. Now go. My place.
Jamal Malik: Salim, where is Latika?
Older Salim: Still...? She's gone, brother. Long gone. Now go. Go to my place.
Police Inspector: Well, well. The slumdog barks.
Middle Salim: Shut up! The man with the Colt .45 says shut up!
Youngest Jamal: Since when is there a time limit on a crap?
Prem Kumar: What does it matter? It's my show. It's... MY FUCKING SHOW!     