
Joel: Why do I fall in love with every woman I see who shows me the least bit of attention?
Joel: I have to go. I have to catch my ride.
Clementine: So go!
Joel: I did. I thought maybe you were a nut... but you were exciting.
Clementine: I wish you had stayed.
Joel: I wish I had stayed too. NOW I wish I had stayed. I wish I had done a lot of things. I wish I had... I wish I had stayed. I do.
Clementine: Well I came back downstairs and you were gone!
Joel: I walked out, I walked out the door!
Clementine: Why?
Joel: I don't know. I felt like a scared little kid, I was like... it was above my head, I don't know.
Clementine: You were scared?
Joel: Yeah. I thought you knew that about me. I ran back to the bonfire, trying to outrun my humiliation, I think.
Clementine: Was it something I said?
Joel: Yeah... you said "so go." With such disdain, you know?
Clementine: Oh, I'm sorry.
Joel: It's okay.
Clementine: Joely? What if you stayed this time?
Joel: I walked out the door. There's no memory left.
Clementine: Come back and make up a good-bye at least. Let's pretend we had one.
Clementine: Bye Joel.
Joel: I love you.
Clementine: Meet me... in Montauk...
Mary: How happy is the blameless vestal's lot! / The world forgetting, by the world forgot / Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! / Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd.
Clementine: Joely?
Joel: Yeah Tangerine?
Clementine: Am I ugly?
Joel: Uh-uh.
Clementine: When I was a kid, I thought I was. I can't believe I'm crying already. Sometimes I think people don't understand how lonely it is to be a kid, like you don't matter. So, I'm eight, and I have these toys, these dolls. My favorite is this ugly girl doll who I call Clementine, and I keep yelling at her, "You can't be ugly! Be pretty!" It's weird, like if I can transform her, I would magically change, too.
Joel: You're pretty.
Clementine: Joely, don't ever leave me.
Joel: You're pretty... you're pretty... pretty...
Joel: Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.
Clementine: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon.
Joel: I know.
Clementine: What do we do?
Joel: Enjoy it.
Joel: I can't see anything that I don't like about you.
Clementine: But you will! But you will. You know, you will think of things. And I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me.
Joel: Okay.
Clementine: Okay.
Joel: I could die right now, Clem. I'm just... happy. I've never felt that before. I'm just exactly where I want to be.
Mary: Adults are, like, this mess of sadness and phobias.
Joel: random thoughts for Valentine's day, 2004. Today is a holiday invented by greeting card companies to make people feel like crap.
Joel: Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks.
Joel: What a loss to spend that much time with someone, only to find out that she's a stranger.
Joel: I had a really nice time last night.
Clementine: Nice?
Joel: I had the best fucking night of my entire fucking life, last night!
Clementine: Thaaaat's better!
Clementine: You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything, every damn, embarrassing thing.
Joel: Hi.
Clementine: Hi. Didn't figure you'd show your face around me again. I guess I thought you were... humiliated. You did run away, after all.
Joel: I just needed to see you.
Clementine: Yeah?
Joel: I'd like to, um... take you out, or something.
Clementine: You're married.
Joel: Not yet, not married. No, I'm not married.
Clementine: Look man, I'm telling you right off the bat, I'm high-maintainance, so... I'm not gonna tip-toe around your marriage, or whatever it is you've got goin' there. If you wanna be with me, you're with me.
Joel: Okay.
Clementine: Too many guys think I'm a concept, or I complete them, or I'm gonna make them alive. But I'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin' for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours.
Joel: I remember that speech really well.
Clementine: I had you pegged, didn't I?
Joel: You had the whole human race pegged.
Clementine: Hmm. Probably.
Joel: I still thought you were gonna save my life... even after that.
Clementine: Ohhh... I know.
Joel: It would be different, if we could just give it another go-round.
Clementine: Remember me. Try your best; maybe we can.
Mary: Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.
Mary: Nietzsche. Beyond Good and Evil. Found it in my Bartlett's.
Clementine: You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything... every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me.
Joel: Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.
Clementine: I don't do that. I want to know you.
Clementine: I don't constantly talk! Jesus! People have to share things, Joel...
Joel: Mmmhhmmm...
Clementine: That's what intimacy is. I'm really pissed that you said that to me!
Joel: I'm sorry... I just, my life isn't that interesting.
Clementine: I want to read some of those journals you're constantly scribbling in. What do you write in there if you don't have any thoughts or passions or... love?
Clementine: Sometimes I don't think people realize how lonely it is to be a kid. Like... you don't matter.
Joel: I can't remember anything without you.
Clementine: Aw, that's... very sweet, but try.
Clementine: I'm Clementine. Can I... borrow a piece of your chicken?
Joel: And then you just took it... without waiting for an answer. It was so intimate; like we were already lovers.
Joel: Are we like those bored couples you feel sorry for in restaurants? Are we the dining dead? I can't stand the idea of us being a couple people think that about.
Clementine: You know me, I'm impulsive.
Joel: That's what I love about you.
Clementine: I wish you'd stayed.
Joel: I wish I'd stayed, too. NOW I wish I'd stayed. I wish I'd done a lot of things. I wish I'd... I wish I'd stayed... I do.
Clementine: What took you so long?
Joel: I just walked in.
Clementine: Do you miss me?
Joel: Oddly enough, I do!
Clementine: You said "I do" - I guess that means we're married!
Joel: I guess so!
Joel: And the whole thing with the hair - it's all bullshit.
Joel: I really like your hair.
Clementine: Thank you.
Joel Barish: I can't see anything I don't like about you.
Clementine: But you will, you will think of things and I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me.
Joel Barish: Okay.
Clementine: Okay.
Clementine: And in your wormy little brain. You try to figure out, "Did she fuck someone tonight?"
Joel: No, see Clem. I assume you fucked someone tonight. Isn't that how you get people to like you?
Clementine: Maybe you can find yourself a nice antique rocking chair to die in.
Patrick: Baby, whats wrong?
Clementine: I don't know! I DON'T KNOW! I'm lost! I'm scared! I feel like I'm disappearing! MY SKIN'S COMING OFF! I'M GETTING OLD! Nothing makes any sense to me! NOTHING MAKES ANY SENSE!
Clementine: You're not a stalker, or anything, right?
Joel: I'm not a stalker. YOU'RE the one that talked to me, remember?
Clementine: That is the oldest trick in the stalker book.
Joel: Really? There's a stalker book? Great, I gotta read that one.
Clementine: I don't need nice. I don't need myself to be it, and I don't need anybody else to be it at me.
Joel: Is there any risk of brain damage?
Howard: Well, technically speaking, the operation is brain damage, but it's on a par with a night of heavy drinking. Nothing you'll miss.
Clementine: Meet me... in Montauk...
Joel: Mierzwiak! Please let me keep this memory, just this one.
Clementine: I apply my personality into paste.
Joel: Oh, I doubt that very much.
Clementine: Well, you don't know me so... you don't know, do you?
Joel: Sorry, I was... just trying to be nice.
Clementine: Yeah... I got it...
Clementine: ... I'm Clementine, by the way.
Joel: I'm Joel.
Clementine: Hi, Joel.
Clementine: No jokes about my name... Nooo, you wouldn't do that. You were trying to be nice.
Joel: I don't know any jokes about your name.
Clementine: Huckleberry Hound.
Joel: I don't know what that means.
Clementine: Huckleberry Hound? What are you, NUTS?
Joel: It's been suggested.
Joel: Look at it out here, it's all falling apart. I'm erasing you and I'm happy!
Joel: Can you hear me? I don't want this any more! I want to call it off!
Clementine: Joel, hide me in your humiliation!
Joel: If only I could meet someone new. I guess my chances of that happening are somewhat diminished, seeing that I'm incapable of making eye contact with a woman I don't know.
Joel: Wait!
Clementine: ...What?... What do you *want* Joel?
Joel: I don't know! I want you wait for just a... a while.
Clementine: Wish me a happy Valentine's Day when you call. That'd be... nice!
Clementine: You like? To match my sweatshirt, exactly.
Joel: Ahaaahhhhh! Ohhhhhh! I like it!
Clementine: You do?
Joel: You look like a tangerine!
Clementine: Hmmm, Clementine the tangerine.
Joel: Juicy... 'n seedless.
Clementine: I like that.
Joel: I think your name is magical.
Clementine: Let me show you something... come on...
Joel: I think I heard a crack.
Clementine: It's not gonna crack, or break, or... it's so thick!... Show me which constellations you know.
Joel: Um... oh... I don't... know any.
Clementine: Show me which ones you know!
Joel: Okay... okay... oh! There's Osidius.
Clementine: Where?
Joel: Right there... see? Sort of a swoop and a cross, Osidius the Emphatic.
Clementine: You're full of shit, right?
Joel: Nope. Osidius, right there, swoop and cross.
Clementine: Shut the fuck up!
Clementine: My embarrassing admission is I really like that you're nice, right now.
Clementine: I'm a vindictive little bitch, truth be told!
Patrick: You know that girl we did last week? The one with the potatoes.
Stan: That girl? Yeah, that's this guy's girl.
Patrick: Yeah.
Stan: Right... Was. Took care of that.
Patrick: Well uh, I kind of fell in love with her that night.
Stan: What? You little fuck!
Patrick: What?
Stan: She was unconscious, man.
Patrick: Well, she was beautiful and... I stole a pair of her panties as well.
Stan: Jesus!
Patrick: What? It's not like - I mean they were clean and all.
Stan: Don't tell me this stuff! I don't wanna hear this shit!
Stan: You looked happy. Happy with a secret.
Joel: By morning, you'll be gone.
4-Year-Old Joel: I really want her to pick me up. It's amazing how strong that desire is.
Carrie: I saw you talking to someone pretty!
Rob: Yeah, man, who was that?
Joel: She was... just a girl.
Joel: Sorry, I'm just... trying to be nice.
Joel: My God, there's people coming out of your butt.
Clementine: I would like you to call me. Would you do that? I'd like it.
Joel: It's 3 o'clock.
Clementine: I kinda sorta wrecked your car.
Joel: You were driving drunk. It's pathetic.
Clementine: I was a little tipsy. Don't call me pathetic.
Joel: Well, it *is* pathetic. And it's fucking irresponsible. You could've killed somebody. I don't know, maybe you did kill somebody. Should we turn on the news and see? Should I check the grille to see if there's children or small animals?
Joel: It's goddamn freezing on this beach. Montauk in February, brilliant, Joel.
Clementine: Too many guys think I'm a concept, or I complete them, or I'm gonna make them alive. But I'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin' for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours.
Joel: I remember that speech really well.
Clementine: I had you pegged, didn't I?
Joel: You had the whole human race pegged.
Clementine: Hmm. Probably.
Joel: I still thought you were gonna save my life... even after that.
Clementine: Ohhh... I know.
Joel: It would be different, if we could just give it another go-round.
Clementine: Remember me. Try your best; maybe we can.
Hollis: Don't be a monster, Howard. Tell the poor girl. You can have him, sweetie. You did.
Joel: I love being bathed in the sink - such a feeling of security.
Clementine: I've never seen you happier, baby Joel.
Clementine: You're really nice... God, I have to stop saying that!
Clementine: Drink up, young man. It'll make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
Mary: I wanted to understand as much as I could about the procedure as possible... I think it's important for my job to understand the inner workings of the work that we do, well not that I do, but the work that is done by people where I also work, the work of my colleagues.
Joel: I think we should go.
Clementine: No, it's our house! Just for tonight...
Clementine: ...we are David and Ruth Laskin. Which one do you want to be? I prefer to be Ruth, but I'm flexible.
Clementine: You married?
Joel: No.
Clementine: Let's move into this neighborhood!
Joel: I do sorta live with someone though.
Clementine: Male or female?
Joel: What? Female... female...
Clementine: At least I'm not barking up the wrong tree!
Clementine: I apply my personality in a paste.
Joel: He's seducing my girlfriend with MY words and MY things! He stole her underwear! Jesus Christ, he stole her underwear.
Patrick: Mary hates me. I've never been popular with the ladies.
Stan: Maybe if you stopped stealing their panties.
Joel Barish: Pages ripped out. Don't remember doing that. It appears this is my first entry in two years.
Joel: I don't know. What if it breaks?
Clementine: What if? Do you really care right now?
Mary: He could wake up all half-baked and, gooey and, and half-baked... mmm, that sounds sooo good. I'm hungry.
Clementine: I'm gonna marry you... I know it!
Joel: Ummm... okay...
Joel: Yes?
Patrick: Can I help you?
Joel: What do you mean?
Patrick: Can I help you with something?
Joel: No.
Patrick: What are you doing here?
Joel: I'm not really sure what you're asking.
Patrick: Oh, thanks...
Clementine: Look man, I'm telling you right off the bat I'm high maintenance. So I'm not gonna tip-toe around your marriage or whatever it is ya got goin' on there. If you wanna be with me, you're with me.
Joel: Okay.
Clementine: Patrick, get the fuck awa...
Patrick: -What's wrong?
Clementine: Get the fuck away from me!
Patrick: Do you wanna talk about it?
Clementine: NO! Get the fuck away!
Rob: Fuck!
Carrie: Rob, give it a rest.
Rob: Carrie, I am making a birdhouse.
Howard: ...Our files are confidential Mr. Barish so we can't show you any evidence. Suffice it to say, Miss Kruczynski was not happy and she wanted to move on. We provide that possibility.
Clementine: HEY! Lets go out dancing! You want to go out to Montauk with me?
Patrick: Montauk?
Clementine: Yeah, NO! Come out to Boston with me!
Patrick: Sure, we can go next weekend.
Clementine: NO! Now! Now! I have to go see the frozen Charles NOW!
Clementine: I'm fucking crawling out of my skin. I should've left you at the flea market.
Clementine: Look, I'm sorry if I came off a little nutso, I'm not really.
Joel: That's okay, I really didn't think you were.
Joel: I'm so ashamed.
Clementine: It's okay, you're a little kid.
Joel: Why would she do that to me?
Rob: Hey does anybody want a joint?
Joel: What is it?
Rob: I don't know, it's a place that does a thing...
Frank: McRomance. Want some fries with that shake?
Clementine: My crotch is still here, just as you remembered it.
Joel: Yuck!
Clementine: What are you, NUTS?
Joel: It's been suggested.
Joel: This is working like gangbusters.
Joel: I don't see anything I don't like about you.
Clementine: But you will! But you will, and I'll get bored with you and feel trapped, because that's what happens with me.
Joel: Okay.
Frank: The only Valentine's Day cards I get are from my mother. How pathetic is that?
Clementine: Ouch. Ow my ass.
Mary: That was beautiful to watch, Howard. Like a surgeon or a concert pianist.
Carrie: She decided to erase you almost as a lark.
Howard: You want to empty your home, you want to empty your life, of Clementine.
Carrie: You're stoned and you're driving.
Rob: Pot balances me out. Pot brings me up. That's I smoke it if I'm going to be drinking.
Rob: It's not about us, it's about Joel, who's an adult, okay, not "Momma Carrie's kid"!
Howard: We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here, that way you won't be confused by their unexplainable presence in your home.
Stan: He's off the map. He's off the map!
Rob: The plane crashed. I didn't crash the plane.     