
Dickie Eklund: Are you like me? Huh? Was this good enough to fight Sugar Ray? Never had to win, did I? You gotta do more in there. You gotta win a title. For you, for me, for Lowell. This is your time, all right? You take it. I had my time and I blew it. You don't have to. All right? You fuckin' get out there, and use all the shit that you've been through, all that fuckin' hell, all the shit we've gone through over the fuckin' years, and you put it in that ring right now. This is yours. This is fuckin' yours.
Mickey Ward: He did not just get off the fuckin' couch. If he did, I'm gonna buy a couch like that.
Mickey Ward: Alice, this is Charlene.
Charlene Fleming: Hi.
Alice Ward: I've heard a lot about you.
Charlene Fleming: Really? I've heard a lot about you, too.
Alice Ward: What's that supposed to mean?
Charlene Fleming: Same thing you meant.
Dickie Eklund: It's not fuckin' ladylike to be shoutin' in the street like this, all right?
Dickie Eklund: Who used to be the pride of Lowell? Huh?
Dickie Eklund: Right here. Who's the pride of Lowell now?
Dickie Eklund: Right there.
Charlene Fleming: Oh, stop callin' me an MTV girl, whatever the fuck that means.
Mickey Ward: What are you doing, running in here like a silverback fucking gorilla?
Dickie Eklund: Hey, Mick, you think I knocked down Sugar Ray Leonard?
Mickey Ward: You went ten rounds. One of the best to ever do it. He couldn't hurt you. You were my hero.
Dickie Eklund: I was. I was.
Charlene Fleming: That's the movie you wanted to see? There wasn't even any good sex in it. Had to read the whole fuckin' movie. Fuckin' subtitled. Some guy from a road crew recommended it to you, a fuckin' subtitled movie?
Mickey Ward: You didn't give a fuck if I got killed by Mungin; now, all of a sudden, you're worried Sanchez is gonna hurt me? Why? I mean, come on, Dick. 'Cause you're stuck in here and can't be the center of attention no more?
Mickey Ward: Why can't you just shut up and be happy for me? I spent the last ten years of my life in bad fights set up by you and Alice. I finally got a good thing going for me and you can't be fuckin' happy for me? Why?
Phyllis 'Beaver' Eklund: I heard she's into three-ways.
Sherri Ward: Yeah, with other girls.
Cathy 'Pork' Eklund: Yeah, like one of those MTV Girls.
Alice Ward: MTV g... What're you talkin' about?
Cathy 'Pork' Eklund: Wild.
Cindy 'Tar' Eklund: She acts all fuckin soo-perior 'cause she went to college.
Wolfie: This ain't any anti-Cambodian thing. White people do this to other white people, which is what makes the world go around.
Alice Ward: What are you doing opening your mouth in my kitchen? You owe me $200.
Sherri Ward: I said I was gonna pay you next week.
Alice Ward: I don't want another word outta you!
Alice Ward: I'm sorry. I don't know who you are. Why are you talking?
Charlene Fleming: I'm Charlene. We just met. We're together. Do we need to do this again? Hi, I'm Charlene.
Mickey Ward: I'm the one fighting, okay? Not you, not you, and not you.
Neary Trainer: In fact, we expected a much better fighter.
Mickey Ward: I'm just grateful to be here and have the opportunity. Thank you, guys, for the shot.
Reporter: Shea, who DO you respect as a fighter, and who'd you like to fight next?
Neary: I plan on moving right through Micky Ward tomorrow, moving on to other great fighters, like Gatti. Yeah, I believe Gatti and I'd make a great match.
Alice Ward: I know, George, you think I don't know anything, but I know people.
George Ward: I KNOW you know people.
Alice Ward: And that Sal Lanano banana fucking thing - we don't need that in our lives!
Charlene Fleming: Don't call me a skank. I'll rip the nasty hair right outta ya fuckin head!
Mickey Ward: I don't have a girlfriend, all right? I... I like you. I came here because I don't wanna show my face in Lowell. I told everybody I was gonna win that fight and get back on track. I told my daughter I was gonna get a bigger apartment so she could move in. You don't think I wanted to call you? I was embarrassed. I mean, I'm sick of bein' a fuckin' disappointment. I...
Charlene Fleming: You really think your family's lookin' out for you?
Mickey Ward: Don't use their nicknames.
Charlene Fleming: Rather not fuckin' call 'em anything.
Alice Ward: All we ever wanted for you was to be world champion.
Alice Ward: We're not talking about his trainer, sweetheart! We're talking about his manager. That's me!     