
Nutmeg: Will you help him, the little pilot?
Chief: Why should I?
Nutmeg: Because he's a twelve year old boy, dogs love those.
Duke: I wish somebody spoke his language.
Chief: I bite.
Oracle: It may snow tonight.
Boss: Really? Thank you very much, wow.
Oracle: To whom it may concern.
Boss: She sees the future!
King: Ha! No. She understands TV.
Rex: I used to sleep on a lamb's wool beanbag next to an electric space heater. That's my territory, I'm an *indoor* dog.
King: I starred in twenty-two consecutive Doggy Chow commercials. Look at me now, I couldn't land an audition.
Boss: I was the lead mascot for an undefeated high school baseball team.
Boss: I lost all my spirit, I'm depressing.
Duke: I only ask for what I've always had, a balanced diet, regular grooming, and a general physical once a year.
Rex: I think I might give up.
Duke: What, right now?
Rex: Right now.
Rex: There's no future on Trash Island.
Duke: You heard the rumor, right? About Buster?
Boss: Who's Buster?
Duke: Uh, my brother from another litter.
King: What happened to him?
Duke: Suicide. Hanged himself by his own leash.
Boss: Aw, boy...
Rex: I want my master.
Chief: You make me sick.
Chief: I've seen cats with more balls than you dogs.
Chief: STOP LICKING YOUR WOUNDS!
Chief: You hungry? Kill something and eat it.
Chief: You sick? Take a long nap.
Chief: You cold? Dig a hole in the ground, crawl into it, and bury yourself.
Chief: But nobody's giving up around here, and don't you forget it, ever. You're Rex. You're King. You're Duke! You're Boss! I'm Chief. We're a pack of scary indestructible alpha dogs. You're talking like a bunch of housebroken... pets.
Rex: You don't understand. Uh, how could you, I mean you're a...
Chief: Go ahead say it. I'm a stray, yeah.
King: I suppose if it worked, we'd be dead already.
Rex: Anyone in favor of kicking Chief out of the group and never speaking to him again?
Boss, Rex, King, Duke: Aye!
Chief: You'll meet a bitch named Nutmeg. Tell her Chief says, "I'll see you in Megasaki."
Chief: Hmm, crunchy, salty, supposedly it cleans your teeth. This is my new favorite food. Thank you.
Chief: Don't ask me to fetch that stick.
Chief: We'll find him. Where ever he is, if he's alive, we'll find your dog.
Spots: I've become the leader of a group of outcasts that depend on me for their survival, and I'm going to be a father. With deepest sadness and humility, I must ask you to relieve me of the duties of my position, effective immediately.
Chief: You son of a bitch! If we don't drown, I'm gonna strangle you myself. I don't care how many exploding teeth you try to spit out at me. Do you have any idea what that little pilot just went through to try to rescue you? How dare you?
Jupiter: Ten centuries ago, before the Age of Obedience, free dogs roamed at liberty, marking their territory. Seeking to extend its dominion, the cat-loving Kobayashi Dynasty declared war and descended in force upon the unwary four-legged beasts. On the eve of total canine annihilation, a child warrior sympathetic to the plight of the besieged underdog dogs, betrayed his species, beheaded the head of the head of the Kobayashi clan, and pledged his sword with the following battle-cry haiku. I turn my back - on man-kind! He would later be known as the Boy Samurai of Legend, RIP. At the end of the bloody dog wars the vanquished mongrels became powerless house-pets: tamed, mastered, scorned. But they survived and multiplied. The Kobayashis, however, never forgave their conquered foe.
Chief: Rex! King! Duke! Boss! You made it!
Rex: What happened to you?
Chief: I took a bath.
Rex: What, he's got soap?
Chief: Just a little.
Rex: You're too fluffy.
Chief: We played fetch.
Rex: With a stick?
Chief: With a hunk of rubber radiator tubing.
Rex: And you brought it back to him?
Chief: Yeah. He's a good boy.
Rex: Don't you tell me that! I was the one that tried to make you be loyal to him in the first place!
Chief: Stop, *stop*! This is the rendevous! Where's that trash-tram taking you?
Rex: You think we booked this flight through a travel agent? We were fighting for our lives in a high-velocity trash-processor while you were getting scrubbed and brushed!
Chief: Jump!
Rex: Where?
Chief: Here!
Rex: When?
Chief: Now!
Rex: Why?
Chief: *What*?
Rex: Wait a second. Before we attack each other and tear ourselves to shreds like a pack of maniacs, let's just open the sack first and see what's actually in it. It might not even be worth the trouble.
Igor: Alright.
Rex: A rancid apple core, two worm-eaten banana peels, a moldy rice cake, a dried-up pickle, tin of sardine bones, a pile of broken egg-shells, an old smushed-up rotten gizzard with maggots all over it...
Chief: Okay, it's worth it.
Chief: That kid is gonna get us all put to sleep. Euthanized. We won't find the dog, but we will die trying.
Rex: Not a bad way to go.
Jupiter: Spots, if he's alive, may very well be living even at this moment as a captive prisoner.
Rex: To the North; a long rickety causeway over a noxious sludge marsh, leading to a radioactive landfill polluted by toxic chemical garbage. That's our destination. Get ready to jump.
Atari: You took me in, like a stray dog.
Chief: Was... was I the runt?
Spots: Not anymore.
Spots: That's highly confidential. Um, anyway, I'm not the mayor's accountant's dog. That's Butterscotch, and she got crushed in a glass compactor the day before yesterday. No, my duties are, uh, focused entirely on the protection of the mayor's ward, Atari. I'm not supposed to be his friend, but I love him very much, but that's a private matter. Um, the only reason I even said that was because we're all probably going to die out here and I'll never see him again.
Chief: I'm not doing this because you commanded me to. I'm doing it- because I feel sorry for you.
Simul-Translate Machine: As you know, we all hate dogs. Chairman Fujimoto-san, President of Kobayashi Pharmaceutical. You secretly introduced mega-quantities of infected fleas and contagious tick-larvae into a metropolitan city center, creating an unprecedented animal disease outbreak. Thank you.
Simul-Translate Machine: General Yamatachi-san, Commander of the Megasaki Municipal Task Force. You oversaw the deportation of over 750,000 caged-animals to a nearly uninhabitable offshore refuse center. Good work.
Simul-Translate Machine: Supervisor Kitano-san, Director of Kobayashi Robotics. You developed the most promising artificial life-form in the history of corporate technology and a powerful new weapon, to boot. Well done.
Simul-Translate Machine: Yakuza Nakamura-san, Head of the Clenched-Fist Gang. You eliminated all Pro-Dog opposition through the use of bribery, extortion, intimidation, and violent force. My compliments.
Simul-Translate Machine: Brains have been washed. Wheels have been greased. Fear has been mongered. Now we prepare for the final stage of our conspiracy theory: the permanent end to the Canine Saturation Crisis.     