
Rizwan Khan: My name is Khan, and I am not a terrorist.
Razia Khan: Remember one thing, son. There are only two kinds of people in this world. Good people who do good deeds. And bad people who do bad. That's the only difference in human beings. There's no other difference. Understood? What did you understand? Tell me. Tell me
Rizwan Khan: Good people. Bad people. No other difference.
Fund Raiser Receptionist: For dinner with the president is $500 you know?
Rizwan Khan: That's... that's $500
Fund Raiser Receptionist: What church are you from?
Rizwan Khan: Church? Church?
Fund Raiser Receptionist: This is a Christian's only event.
Rizwan Khan: But... but it says it's a fund raiser for the draught in Africa.
Fund Raiser Receptionist: For Christian's honey.
Rizwan Khan: Honey, honey keep it. For those who are not Christian in Africa.
Rizwan Khan: Sameer Rathod Khan, my son. Weight 56 kilogram, blood group O positive. Sameer loved Xbox and soccer. He loved his soccer shoes so much that he would sleep in them. That was the only bad habit he had.
Rizwan Khan: Sam was six years old when I married his mother. Sameer was a good son. He did not mind sharing his mom's love with me. But I couldn't be such a good dad to him. Other dads sense their children's unsaid needs and fulfill them. But I can't sense unexpressed feelings. So I couldn't fulfill them. But, but, Sam never complained. He never complained.
Rizwan Khan: Sam had one more bad habit. He always hid bad news from us. He would never tell me when my favorite team Manchester United lost. Never. Unless we had a bet. Then he would tell me. The I would have to give him his favorite mint chocolate-chip ice cream. Two scoops. Two scoops always.
Rizwan Khan: Two scoops. On 27th November 2007, he was killed.
Rizwan Khan: He was 13 years, nine months and four days old. Sameer was not only my son, he was my dearest friend. Actually, my... my only friend. My only best friend.
Rizwan Khan: Mehnaz Herbal Beauty Products will make you glow like a newly-wed bride.
Woman: I'm divorced.
Rizwan Khan: Uh oh. We don't have anything for the newly-divorced.
President Barack Obama: Rizvan Khan, it's good to see you hale and hearty. You on TV more than me now, huh?
Rizwan Khan: You already know my name?
President Barack Obama: Yes I do. Your name is Khan.
Rizwan Khan: Yes.
President Barack Obama: And you are not a terrorist.
Rizwan Khan: Oh no, no, I'm not a terrorist. No. And this is my son
Rizwan Khan: He was not a terrorist either.
Mama Jenny: Oh, you hungry child? You want a little dinner?
Rizwan Khan: No, I want lots of dinner.
Reese Garrick: My mom won't forgive me.
Mandira Khan: She will. She's a mom.
Zakir Khan: The question over here is, not why he's trying to meet the President. The question is, what's wrong in an ordinary citizen wanting to meet the President of his country? Or is it just wrong for a Muslim man to even try?
Rizvan, Age 15: Zakir was fortunate. He could cry.
Rita Singh: The reason for my being so different was defined in just two words. Asperger's Syndrome.
Rizwan Khan: Mama Jenny is right... this one I can't repair.
President Barack Obama: I tell you what, security has any other messages, you call *me*.
Rizwan Khan: Good, good. Can I have your number, please?
Mandira Khan: Ah, thank you Mr. President.
President Barack Obama: Thank you.
Mandira Khan: Shall we go home?
Rizwan Khan: Oh no, no, I'm not a terrorist. No. And this is my son
Rizwan Khan: He was not a terrorist either.
Rizwan Khan: Yes, let's go home. Let's go home. Let's go home.
President Barack Obama: Thank you.
Rizwan Khan: Goodbye.
Mandira Khan: Sam... Our Khan has managed to achieve, with his love and humanity, what my hatred could never achieve. My anger threw us apart. But today his love has brought us together in a way where we remember you with renewed hope.
Rizwan Khan: Can I get hug please? Please?     