
Paul Edgecomb: On the day of my judgment, when I stand before God, and He asks me why did I kill one of his true miracles, what am I gonna say? That it was my job? My job?
John Coffey: You tell God the Father it was a kindness you done. I know you hurtin' and worryin', I can feel it on you, but you oughta quit on it now. Because I want it over and done. I do. I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we's coming from or going to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other. I'm tired of all the pain I feel and hear in the world everyday. There's too much of it. It's like pieces of glass in my head all the time. Can you understand?
Paul Edgecomb: Yes, John. I think I can.
Old Paul Edgecomb: We each owe a death - there are no exceptions - but, oh God, sometimes the Green Mile seems so long.
John Coffey: He kill them wi' their love. Wi' their love fo' each other. That's how it is, every day, all over the world.
John Coffey: Please boss, don't put that thing over my face, don't put me in the dark. I's afraid of the dark.
Paul Edgecomb: I just can't see God putting a gift like that in the hands of a man who would kill a child.
Melinda Moores: What's your name?
John Coffey: John Coffey, ma'am.
Melinda Moores: Like the drink, only not spelled the same.
John Coffey: No, ma'am. Not spelt the same at all.
John Coffey: People hurt the ones they love. That's how it is all around the world.
John Coffey: You can't hide what's in your heart
Arlen Bitterbuck: Do you believe that if a man repents enough for what he done wrong, than he'll get to go back to the time that was happiest for him and live there forever? Could that be what heaven's like?
Paul Edgecomb: I just about believe that very thing.
Arlen Bitterbuck: I had a young wife when I was eighteen. We spent the summer in the mountains, made love every night. After we would talk sometimes till the sun came up, and she'd lay there, bare breasted in the fire light... that was my best time.
Old Paul Edgecomb: I think Mr. Jingles happened by accident. I think when we electrocuted Del, and it all went so badly... well, John can feel that you know... and I think a part of... whatever magic was inside of him just lept through my tiny friend here. As for me, John had to give me a part of himself; a gift the way he saw it, so that I could see for myself what Wild Billy had done. When John did that; when he took my hand, a part of the power that worked through him spilled into me.
Elaine Connelly: He... what? He infected you with life?
Old Paul Edgecomb: That's as good a word as any. He infected us both, didn't he, Mr. Jingles? With life. I'm a hundred and eight years old, Elaine. I was forty-four the year that John Coffey walked the Green Mile. You mustn't blame John. He couldn't help what happened to him... he was just a force of nature. Oh I've lived to see some amazing things Elly. Another century come to past, but I've... I've had to see my friends and loved ones die off through the years... Hal and Melinda... Brutus Howell... my wife... my boy. And you Elaine... you'll die too, and my curse is knowing that I'll be there to see it. It's my attonement you see; it's my punishment, for letting John Coffey ride the lightning; for killing a miracle of God. You'll be gone like all the others. I'll have to stay. Oh, I'll die eventually, that I'm sure. I have no illusions of immortality, but I will wished for death... long before death finds me. In truth, I wish for it already.
Percy Wetmore: You switched 'em. You switched 'em somehow, you bastards.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Yeah I always keep a spare mouse in my wallet for occasions such as this.
Melinda Moores: I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other. We found each other in the dark.
John Coffey: Poor old Del.
Paul Edgecomb: Yeah. Poor old Del. John, you okay...?
John Coffey: I could feel it from here.
Paul Edgecomb: What do you mean? You could hear it. Is that what you mean? You could hear it.
John Coffey: He out of it now, though. He the lucky one. No matter how it happened, Del the lucky one.
Paul Edgecomb: Where's Mr. Jingles?
John Coffey: He run away under that door. Don't think he'll be back. He felt it too, through me. Didn't mean to hurt him none. All that hurt just spill out. Awful tired now, boss. Dog-tired.
Paul Edgecomb: Me too, John. Me too.
John Coffey: There's lotsa people here that hate me, lots. I can feel it. It's like bees stingin' me.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Well feel how we feel then. We don't hate you. Can you feel that?
John Coffey: You know, I fell asleep this afternoon and had me a dream. I dreamed about Del's mouse.
Paul Edgecomb: Did you, John?
John Coffey: I dreamed he got down to that place Boss Howell talked about, that Mouseville place. I dreamed there was kids, and how they laughed at his tricks! My! I dreamed those two little blonde-headed girls were there. They 'us laughing, too. I put my arms around 'em and sat 'em on my knees, and there 'us no blood comin' outta their hair and they 'us fine. We all watch Mr. Jingles roll that spool, and how we did laugh. Fit to bust, we was.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Well, there must be something we can do for you, John. There must be something we that you want.
John Coffey: I ain't never seen me a flicker show.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Arlen Bitterbuck, you have been condemned to die by a jury of your peers, sentence imposed by a judge in good standing in this state. Do you have anything to say before the sentence is carried out?
Toot-Toot: Yeah! I want a fried chicken dinner with gravy on the taters, I want to shit in your hat, and I got to have Mae West sit on my face, because I am one horny motherfucker!
John Coffey: Boss. Saw me a mouse go by.
Paul Edgecomb: Can't put anything over on you.
Toot-Toot: Gettin' to my knees. Prayin'. Lord in Heaven, sorry for all the bad shit I've done, all the people I've trampled on, I hope they forgive me, I won't do it again, that's for sure.
Percy Wetmore: Adios, Chief! Drop us a card from Hell, let us know if it's hot enough...
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: He's paid what he's owed; he's square with the house again, so keep your goddamn hands off him!
Melinda Moores: I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark. And so was I. And we found each other. We found each other in the dark.
Paul Edgecomb: Take it, John. It's a present.
Melinda Moores: It's St. Christopher. I want you to have it, Mr. Coffey. And wear it. He'll keep you safe. Please... Wear it for me.
John Coffey: Thank you, ma'am.
Melinda Moores: Thank you, John.
John Coffey: I tried to take it back... but it was too late.
Bill Dodge: I think this boy's cheese has done slid off his cracker.
Burt Hammersmith: Let me tell you something. And you listen close too, because it might be something you need to know.
Paul Edgecomb: I'm listening.
Burt Hammersmith: We had us a dog. Just a sweet mongrel, You know the kind. Well, in many ways, a good mongrel dog is like a negro. You get to know it. Often, you get to love it. It is of no particular use, but you keep it around because you *think* it loves you. If you're lucky, Mr. Edgecomb, you'll never have to find out any different. My wife and I were not so lucky. Caleb, come here for a second. Come here. Please, son.
Burt Hammersmith: He still has the one good eye. I suppose he's lucky not to be completely blind. We get down on our knees and thank God for that much at least, right Caleb? Okay, go on in now.
Burt Hammersmith: That dog attacked my boy for no reason. Just got it in his mind one day. Same with John Coffey. He was sorry afterwards. Of that, I have no doubt. But those little girls stayed raped and murdered. Maybe he'd never done it before. My dog never bit before, but I didn't concern myself with that. I went out there with my rifle, grabbed his collar and blew his brains out. Is Coffey guilty? Yes he is. Don't you doubt it, and don't you turn your back on him. You may get away with it once or even a hundred times. But in the end, you'll get bit.
Paul Edgecomb: I've done some things in my life I'm not proud of, but this is the first time I've ever felt in real danger of hell.
Paul Edgecomb: John, do you know where we're taking you?
John Coffey: Help a lady?
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: That's right. But how do you know?
John Coffey: Don't know. To tell the truth, Boss, I don't know much'o anything.
Paul Edgecomb: What do you want me to do John? You want me to let you run out of here, see how far you can get?
John Coffey: Why would you do such a foolish thing?
Paul Edgecomb: On the day of my judgment, when I stand before God, and He asks me why did I kill one of his true miracles, what am I gonna say? That it was my job? My job?
Old Paul Edgecomb: I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not.
John Coffey: I'm smellin' me some cornbread.
Paul Edgecomb: It's from my mises. She wanted to thank you.
John Coffey: Thank me for what?
Paul Edgecomb: Well, you know...
Paul Edgecomb: For a helping me.
John Coffey: Helping you with what?
Paul Edgecomb: You know.
John Coffey: Ohh. Was your misses pleased?
Paul Edgecomb: Several times.
Melinda Moores: Why do you have so many scars?
John Coffey: Don't really remember, ma'am.
Hal: WHAT IN THE BLUE FUCK WAS THAT? There's puke all over the floor up there. And that smell! I had Van Hayes open both doors but that smell's not going out for five damn years that's what I'm bettin'. And that asshole, Wharton, is singing about it. You can hear him up there!
Paul Edgecomb: Can he carry a tune?
Hal: Okay, boys, what in the hell happened?
Paul Edgecomb: An execution. A successful one.
Hal: How in the name of Christ can you call that a success?
Paul Edgecomb: Eduard Delacroix is dead.
Paul Edgecomb: Isn't he?
Paul Edgecomb: What did you just do to me?
John Coffey: I helped it. Didn't I help it? I just took it back, is all. Awful tired now, boss. Dog tired.
Dean Stanton: What did you do?
John Coffey: I helped Del's mouse become a circus mouse. Gonna live in a mouse city. Down in...
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Florida?
John Coffey: Boss Percy bad. He mean. He stepped on Del's mouse. I took it back though.
Hal: Percy. Something to say?
Percy Wetmore: I didn't know the sponge was supposed to be wet.
Hal: How many years you spend pissing on a toilet seat before someone told you to put it up?
Paul Edgecomb: Percy fucked up, Hal, pure and simple.
Hal: Is that your official position?
Paul Edgecomb: Don't you think it should be?
Paul Edgecomb: A big man is ripping your ears off Percy. I'd do as he says.
John Coffey: Boss? Needs ta see ya down here...
Paul Edgecomb: This is not a good time... John Coffey.
Paul Edgecomb: Not a good time at all.
John Coffey: But I needs ta see ya, Boss. I needs ta talk t'ya.
John Coffey: Closer...
Paul Edgecomb: I'm alone here right now, John. Figure this is close enough.
John Coffey: Boss, please. I got to whisper in your ear.
Eduard Delacroix: Boss? You know you not s'pose to do that...
Paul Edgecomb: Mind your business, Del!
Paul Edgecomb: What do you want, John Coffey?
John Coffey: Just to help.
Paul Edgecomb: What... are... you... doing?
Lady in nursing home: It's interesting.
Man in nursing home: Interesting? Bunch'a inbred trailer trash! All they ever talk about is fucking!
Paul Edgecomb: You let him get past you.
Dean Stanton: No, I did not.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Three grown men... outsmarted by a mouse.
Paul Edgecomb: Goddamn, the sponge is dry!
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Well, don't you stop it! Don't you do it. It's too late for that.
Harry Terwilliger: Paul, we're not gonna have some Cherokee medicine man in here whoopin', hollerin' and shaking his dick are we?
Paul Edgecomb: Well actually...
Toot-Toot: Still prayin'! Still prayin'! Gettin' right with Jesus!
Harry Terwilliger: Do it quietly you old gink!
Paul Edgecomb: As I was saying, I don't think they actually shake their dicks Harry. Be that as it may Mr. Bitterbuck is a Christian, so I have the Reverend Schuster coming out.
Dean Stanton: Oh he's good. He's fast too. Doesn't get 'em all worked up.
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: Barbecue, me and you! Stinky pinky, pew, pew! Or dilly, Jilly, Hilly or Bob! It was a french-fried Cajun named Delacroix!
Paul Edgecomb: You are about ten seconds away from spending the rest of your life in the padded room!
Hal: It's a tumor, Paul. A brain tumor.
Hal: They got X-ray pictures of it. The size of a lemon, they said... way deep down inside where they can't operate.
Hal: I haven't told her. I can't think of how.
Hal: For the life of me, Paul, I can't think of how to tell my wife... she's going to die!
Jan Edgecomb: Honey, if you don't tell me what's on your mind, I'm afraid I'll have to smother you with a pillow.
Paul Edgecomb: Is his head properly shaved?
Dean Stanton: Nope, it's all dandruffy and smells.
Paul Edgecomb: I'll take that as a yes.
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: All I wanted me was a little cornbread, motherfuckers! All I wanted me was a little cornbread!
John Coffey: He killed them with their love. That's how it is; everyday all over the world.
Dean Stanton: Well? What about Mrs. Moores? Was it like the mouse? Was it a... you know, a miracle?
Paul Edgecomb: Yes. Yes, it was. Damn...
Paul Edgecomb: You watch, you son of a bitch!
John Coffey: Do you leave a light on after bedtime? Because I get a little scared in the dark sometimes. If it's a strange place.
John Coffey: That's a smart mouse, Del, he's like a circus mouse.
Eduard Delacroix: Correct, that's just what he is too. He's a circus mouse. When I get outta here, he's gonna make me rich.
Paul Edgecomb: We all know who your connections are, Percy. You ever threaten a man on this block again we're all gonna have a go. The job be damned.
Percy Wetmore: You done?
Paul Edgecomb: Get all this shit back in the restraining room; you are cluttering up my mile!
Paul Edgecomb: Men under strain can snap; hurt themselves, hurt others. That's why our job is talking, not yelling. You'll do better to think of this place like an intensive care ward in a hospital.
Percy Wetmore: I think of it as a bucket of piss to drown rats in! That's all! Anybody doesn't like it can kiss my ass!
Percy Wetmore: How's that sit?
Percy Wetmore: Try it! You'll be on the bread lines before the week is out!
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: You all right in there?
Paul Edgecomb: Yeah, for a man pissing razor blades.
Harry Terwilliger: Can you believe this? The son of a bitch pissed on me!
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: Y'all like that? I'm currently cooking up some turds, to go with it. Nice soft 'uns. Uhhh! Have'em out to y'all tomorrow.
John Coffey: Heaven, I'm in heaven... heaven... heaven...
John Coffey: Take my hand, Boss. You see for yourself.
Percy Wetmore: What's up his ass?
Paul Edgecomb: You, always, you Percy.
Percy Wetmore: What I got a hate in you boy, that the way it is around here?
Paul Edgecomb: Why don't you just move on and take that job down in Briar Ridge? Oh yeah, I know all about it. Sounds to me like a pretty good job.
Percy Wetmore: Yeah, I might just take it too, soon as you put me up front. Yeah you heard me, I want Brutal's spot for the next execution.
Paul Edgecomb: Seeing a man die, now that's not enough, you gotta be close enough to smell his nuts cook.
Percy Wetmore: I just wanna be up front that's all. Come on, one time. And you know what, you can get rid of me, I swear.
Paul Edgecomb: And what if I say no?
Percy Wetmore: Well, I might just stick around for good, might make me a career of this... boss.
Paul Edgecomb: The man is mean, careless, and stupid. Bad combination in a place like this.
Paul Edgecomb: Now how about a preacher? Someone to say a little prayer with?
John Coffey: Don't want no preacher. You can say a prayer if you like.
Paul Edgecomb: Me? I suppose I could if it came to that.
Paul Edgecomb: I wanna hear about this new inmate, aside from how big he is!
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Monstrous big!
Eduard Delacroix: I thank you. Mr. Jingles thank you, my mom would thank you too but she's dead.
Harry Terwilliger: Piss on ME?
Dean Stanton: Well? What about Mrs. Moores? Was it like the mouse?
Dean Stanton: Was it a m-m... you know... a miracle?
John Coffey: Careful, careful...
Jan Edgecomb: Paul?
Paul Edgecomb: Yeah?
Jan Edgecomb: Not that I'm complaining...
Paul Edgecomb: Uh-huh?
Jan Edgecomb: But we haven't gone four times in one night since we were 19.
Paul Edgecomb: Yeah, we did at your mom's, yeah.
Wild Bill Wharton: Come on, fuckstick! No sneaking up on me this time. We'll go man to man.
Old Paul Edgecomb: I guess sometimes the past... just catches up with you whether you want it to or not. It's silly...
Elaine Connelly: Was it the film?
Elaine Connelly: It was, wasn't it?
Old Paul Edgecomb: I haven't spoken of these things in a long time, Ellie. Over sixty years.
Elaine Connelly: Paul... I'm your friend.
Old Paul Edgecomb: Yes. Yes, you are.
Old Paul Edgecomb: I ever tell you I was a prison guard during the Depression?
Elaine Connelly: You've mentioned it.
Old Paul Edgecomb: Did I mention I was in charge of Death Row? That I supervised all the executions?
Old Paul Edgecomb: They usually call Death Row the Last Mile, but we called ours the Green Mile because the floor was the color of faded limes. We had the electric chair then; Old Sparky, we called it.
Old Paul Edgecomb: I've lived a lot of years, Ellie... but 1935 takes the prize. That was the year I had the worst urinary infection of my life. That was also the year of John Coffey and the two dead girls...
Paul Edgecomb: We'll be doing this for real tomorrow night and I don't want nobody to remember some stupid joke like that and get it going again. You ever try to not to laugh in church when something funny gets stuck in your head? Same goddamn thing.
Eduard Delacroix: Don't forgot about Mouseville.
Percy Wetmore: Hey!
Percy Wetmore: There's no such place!
Percy Wetmore: It's just a fairytale these guys told you to keep you quiet. Just thought you should know... faggot!
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: Hey, hey, I'm gonna get some too, ain't I?
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: My ass you get some too.
Paul Edgecomb: What makes you think you deserve any?
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: 'Cause I got a big pecker...
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: Where y'all think you're goin'?
John Coffey: You a bad man.
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: That's right, nigger. Bad as you'd want.
Paul Edgecomb: HEY! You keep a civil tongue on my block!
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: I don't see why white man has to sit in a nigger electric chair. White man should have his own damn electric chair.
John Coffey: Boss? I gots to speak with you now, Boss.
Paul Edgecomb: This is not a good time, John Coffey. Not a good time at all.
Harry Terwilliger: We thought he was doped. Didn't we all think we was doped?
Paul Edgecomb: You didn't ask?
Paul Edgecomb: Well I don't think that's a mistake you'll be needing to make again anytime soon is it?
Hal: Hal: Why don't you shut it down?
Paul Edgecomb: He's still alive! You wanna shut it down while he's still alive?
Percy Wetmore: Well, well, well, looks like you've got yourself a new friend there, Del.
Eduard Delacroix: Don't hurt him!
Percy Wetmore: That the one I chased?
Paul Edgecomb: Yeah, that's the one. Del's been asking for a box' might keep it for a pet. What do you think?
Percy Wetmore: You know what? We oughta find a cigar box and some paper from the dispensary to line it with. Yeah, yeah, that should do real nice.
Paul Edgecomb: Man said get a cigar box.
Klaus Detterick: Klaus Detterick: KATIE! CORA!
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: Ya like your sister? Ya make any noise, ya know what happens?
Paul Edgecomb: C'mon Wild Bill, you're gonna walk your walk.
Wild Bill Wharton: Don't you call me that! Wild Bill Hickok was no range-rider! He was just another bushwackin' John Law! Dumb sonofabitch sat with his back to the door, kilt by a drunk!
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Oh my suds and body, a history lesson! Boy, you just never know just what your gonna get when you come to work everyday on the Green Mile.
William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: Boy, watchu lookin' at? Watchu lookin' at? You limp noodle. Ya wanna kiss my ass? Ya wanna suck my dick?
Toot-Toot: This is a shocking experience!
Old Paul Edgecomb: They usually call death row the Last Mile, but we called ours the Green Mile, because the floor was the color of faded limes. We had the electric chair then. Old Sparky, we called it. I've lived a lot of years, Ellie, but 1935 takes the prize. That was the year I had the worst urinary infection of my life. That was also the year of John Coffey and the two dead girls.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: He's enormous!
Paul Edgecomb: Can't be bigger than you!
Paul Edgecomb: Seeing a man die isn't enough for you, you gotta be close enough to smell his nuts cook?
Harry Terwilliger: Percy met your mouse.
Wild Bill Wharton: You love your sister? You make any noise, you know what happens. I'm gonna kill her instead of you. Understand?
Earl the Plumber: I been fixing the plumbing in here for ten years. I ain't never had to wear no damn tie before.
Bill Dodge: Well you're a VIP today, Earl, so just shut up.
Paul Edgecomb: Wipe your face before you get up, Dean.
Paul Edgecomb: I let Harry take those chains off you... you gonna be nice?
Percy Wetmore: Hell raiser? He look more like a limp noodle to me. Hey!
Percy Wetmore: You've been declared competent, son, 'know what that means? 'Means you gonna ride the lightning. Ha ha.
Dean Stanton: Percy, will you shut up and give us a hand here?
Eduard Delacroix: Oh, you're a mean bastard, Mr. Wetmore!
Paul Edgecomb: Your name is John Coffey?
John Coffey: Yessir, Boss. Like the drink, only not spelled the same.
Paul Edgecomb: Oh, you can spell, can you?
John Coffey: Just my name boss. J-O...
John Coffey: I couldn't help it, Boss. I tried to take it back... but it was too late.
Paul Edgecomb: John, do you know where we're taking you?
John Coffey: Help a lady?
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: That's right. But how do you know?
John Coffey: Don't know. To tell the truth, Boss, I don't know much o' anything.
Melinda Moores: Pig fucker!
Percy Wetmore: Dead man! Dead man walking! We got a dead man walking, here!
Paul Edgecomb: Jesus, please us! What is he yelling about?
Percy Wetmore: Dead man! Dead man walking! Dead man! Dead man walking, here!
Percy Wetmore: We got a dead man walking, here! Dead man walking! We got a dead man walking, here...
Paul Edgecomb: Percy!
Paul Edgecomb: That's enough.
Wild Bill Wharton: You can come in here on you legs, but you'll go out on you backs. Billy the kid gon' guarantee you that.
Paul Edgecomb: Toot, one more remark like that I'll have Van Hay roll on two for real. And I'll have one less crazy old trustee in the world.
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Oh you one evil son of a bitch!
Brutus "Brutal" Howell: He's chokin'. Whatever he sucked out of her, he's choking on!
Eduard Delacroix: Wetmore... That sounds like a good name for you.
    