
Wardaddy: Ideals are peaceful. History is violent.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Wait until you see it.
Norman Ellison: See what?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: What a man can do to another man.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Here's a Bible verse I think about sometimes. Manytimes. It goes: And I heard the voice of Lord saying: Whom shall I send and who will go for Us? And... I said: Here am I , send me!
Norman Ellison: Send me.
Wardaddy: Book of Isaiah, Chapter six.
Wardaddy: I started this war killing Germans in Africa. Then France. Then Belgium. Now I'm killing Germans in Germany. It will end, soon. But before it does, a lot more people gotta die.
Sergeant Davis: Thought you were dead, Collier.
Wardaddy: The Devil watches over his own.
Wardaddy: Best job I ever had.
Wardaddy: If a man loves the world, the love of the Father ain't in him. For all in the eyes, the pride of life, is not of the Father. But of the world.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: The world and its desires pass away. But he who does God's will lives forever.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: In France, we hit the beach right after D-Day and fought through all those fucking hedgerows. We finally broke out into open country. And bypassed all these Kraut divisions. We linked up with the Canadians and British and trapped an entire Kraut Army pulling back to Germany. We fucked them up. With planes and artillery. Dead Krauts and horses and busted up tanks and cars for miles. Miles. Your eyes see it but your head can't make no sense of it. We go in there. And for three whole days we shot wounded horses. All day long. Sun up to sundown. Putting down horses. Hot summer days. Ain't smelled nothing like it. The sound of it. Those fucking horses screaming. Black clouds of flies buzzing. Like being in a giant bee hive.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Vamonos, cabron, vamonos.
Wardaddy: Hey, you want to talk Mexican? Join another tank, a Mexican tank. This is an American tank, we talk American.
Wardaddy: It's my home.
Wardaddy: Next German you see with a weapon you rake the dog shit outta him, I don't care if it's a baby with a butter knife in one hand and momma's left titty in the other.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Hey! Hey, start shooting!
Norman Ellison: But what do I shoot at?
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: The Nazis, dumb fuck!
Wardaddy: Shut up and send me more pigs to kill!
Norman Ellison: Sergeant Collier? I think I want to surrender.
Wardaddy: Please don't. They'll hurt you real bad. And kill you real bad.
Norman Ellison: Fucking Nazis!
Wardaddy: That's home. Do what you're told. And don't get too close to no one.
Wardaddy: I'll question him. What's your favorite color? You like chicken or beef? You a good dancer? You like fat girls?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: You from Missouri?
Norman Ellison: No.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: You from Chicago?
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Nah, you're from Arkansas, ain't you?
Norman Ellison: No, I'm from Pittsburgh...
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Hey, hush up, man, nobody gives a fuck where you're from.
Wardaddy: I know what I did. He's an SS. They're real assholes. I kill every SS I can. You'd seen what I seen you would too.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Damn son, you're a fighting, fucking, drinking machine!
Wardaddy: Machine. That's it. That's your war name. I christen thee "Machine."
Boyd 'Bible' Swan, Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Machine!
Norman Ellison: You see this right here? That is your heart line. You're gonna have one great love in your life.
Wardaddy: War's not going anywhere, Sir.
Wardaddy: I see it, it's a goddamn Tiger! Blow some fuckin' smoke in its face!
Wardaddy: I won't ask you to do anything I haven't done myself.
Wardaddy: You're an animal. A dog. All you understand is the fist and boot.
Irma: Where are you going?
Wardaddy: To take the next town. And the next one. Until you people quit.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Norman, I'm sorry. You know? I think... I think you're a good man. That's what I think. I think maybe we ain't, but... I think you are. So, just... I wanted to tell you that.
Norman Ellison: You're wounded.
Wardaddy: Sure am.
Norman Ellison: Sergeant Collier?
Wardaddy: My name's Don.
Norman Ellison: Sorry. Don?
Wardaddy: Yeah kid?
Norman Ellison: I'm scared.
Wardaddy: I'm scared too, son.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: She'll fuck you for a chocolate bar.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Well, we do get $1.35 a day, right? Best job I ever had!
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Keep ridin' me.
Wardaddy: I'm not riding you. If I was, you'd know it.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: It's five against three hundred!
Wardaddy: We ain't never run before. Why we gonna run now?
Wardaddy: I had the best Assistant Driver in the entire Ninth Army in that seat. Now I got you. I promised my crew a long time ago I'd keep them alive. You're getting in the way of that. It ain't like the newsreels up front.
Norman Ellison: Best job I've ever had.
Wardaddy: See that? That's a whole city on fire. I bet that's where those bombers were heading. The dying's not done. The killing's not done.
Wardaddy: You think it can't get worse? It can. And it will.
Wardaddy: Boys, take him through that gun.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Alright.
Norman Ellison: What... what do I do with this?
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Sit up. See that cover?
Norman Ellison: Yeah.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Open it.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Now you killin. Close it up.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Now you ain't.
Wardaddy: We're still in this fight! WE'RE STILL IN THIS FIGHT!
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: I hope you get scabies.
Wardaddy: Bullshit! It's not ours. It's a Kraut high velocity gun. I can hear it whistling!
Medic #2: Hey, you're a hero, buddy. You know that?
Wardaddy: Boyd, you think Jesus loves Hitler?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Do I think Jesus loves Hitler? I'd assume so. If Hitler accepted Jesus into his heart and got baptized, he'd be saved. Ain't gonna save him from Man's justice.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Don might be crazier than a shithouse rat, but he's solid. We've been together since before Africa. I won't fight with anybody else.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Me neither. There ain't no crew stayed together like we have, Norman. That's 'cause of him.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: First time we got shot at, down in North Africa? Don done shit his pants full! He stunk up the tank REAL loud!
Norman Ellison: I've never even seen the inside of a tank. I'm a clerk typist. Was heading to Fifth Corps HQ, and they pulled me off the truck. They sent me here. It's gotta be a mistake.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Mistake? Army don't make mistakes. It wouldn't do.
Wardaddy: Norman. It wasn't nothin,' right?
Norman Ellison: Come again, Sergeant?
Wardaddy: Rubbin' out those Heinies. Splashed 'em real good. Wasn't nothin,' right?
Norman Ellison: Sure, Sergeant. Yeah, it wasn't nothin.' Fact, I kinda liked it.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: I know where to fuckin' hit 'em!
Norman Ellison: Which... Which way is the front?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Which way is the front?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Hmm... All around us, kid.
Norman Ellison: First Sergeant Collier?
Wardaddy: Maybe. What the fuck are you?
Norman Ellison: Private Ellison. I was told to report to you. I'm your new assistant driver.
Wardaddy: No, you are not.
Norman Ellison: Yes, yes, I am...
Wardaddy: Goddammit! Who told you this?
Norman Ellison: Master Sergeant with the clipboard...
Wardaddy: Bullshit!
Norman Ellison: Right there, he...
Wardaddy: What's your name?
Norman Ellison: Norman.
Wardaddy: How long you been in the Army?
Norman Ellison: Eight weeks.
Wardaddy: That's home. Do as you're told. Don't get too close to anyone.
Wardaddy: I'm sorry, Boyd. I did my best.
Sergeant Dillard: Auf Wiedersehen, asshole.
Title Card: In WW2 American tanks were outgunned and out armored by the more advanced German tanks. US tank crewmen suffered staggering losses against the superior enemy vehicles.
Title Card: It is April 1945. The Allies fight deep in the heart of Nazi Germany, encountering the most fanatical resistance yet. In desperation Hitler declares total war, mobilizing every man, woman and child...
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Aah fuck! What the fuck you do that for? I'm tryin' ta fix it!
Wardaddy: You know why.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: You wanna fuggin' whoop me? It ain't gonna fuggin' help anything!
Wardaddy: Probate Fox Six.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: I said, why you always whoopin' on me?
Wardaddy: Because you're an animal, a dog. All you understand is the fist and boot.
Wardaddy: Norman, open this goddamn hatch, you cocksucker!
Wardaddy: Button up!
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Best job I've ever had.
Lieutenant Parker: Sergeant? Sergeant? Where's the rest of 3rd Platoon?
Wardaddy: We're it.
Wardaddy: Norman! you cocksucker! why didn't you take the shot?
Norman Ellison: Because he was just a kid. I'm really sorry, I'm sorry sergeant
Wardaddy: You see what a kid can do? Look!
Wardaddy: That's YOUR fault, That's your fuckin' fault. Next German you see with a weapon you rake the dog shit outta em'. I don't care if it's a baby with a butter knife in one hand and momma's titty in the other you chop him up!
Norman Ellison: Yes Sergeant!
Wardaddy: All tanks, this is Wardaddy, looks like I'm it. I'll lead the way.
Wardaddy: We ain't here to ask them questions.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: On the way!
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Best job I've ever had.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: I'm done tryin' to convert you heathens. You mind if I continue invading Germany?
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Our tanks are shitboxes. German guns punch through them like butter. We get hit, we're gonna burn, burn up fast. You see that hatch right behind you? We get hit, I'm gone, right through there. I'm not waiting for you, and I'm not helping you. Got that?
Norman Ellison: Yeah, I got it. Thank you.
Wardaddy: Keep walking. American lines are that way. Keep moving. Hands up high. There you go. Move.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Where are your cigarettes?
Norman Ellison: I don't smoke.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: You're a bastard.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Do what you're here for!
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: You're all right. Close your eyes, son. Close your eyes, son. Do you believe in Jesus?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: You're all right, then... you're all right, then. I'm gonna pray with you, now. Our Father, Lord in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, They will be done, on Earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory. Forever and Ever, deal Lord. Amen.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: She'll let you fuck her for a chocolate bar.
Norman Ellison: That's not true.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: That's not true?
Norman Ellison: No.
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Okay. It's not true.
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: It's completely fuggin' true!
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Boyd? Hey, Boyd? The gonna send him home, right?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: I don't know that, Grady,
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: Like that mothafuckers!
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Lord's protection!
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: We got it, don't we, Boyd?
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Yes, sir! Yes, sir!
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: We got it. Norm mowed those fuckers down, didn't he?
Wardaddy: Good job, Norman.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Welcome to the Army, Norm!
Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis: You did good. Ho Ho! Best job I ever had!
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Best job I ever had!
Trini 'Gordo' Garcia: Best job I ever had!
Norman Ellison: Best job I ever had.
Boyd 'Bible' Swan: Bible, "I hope you get scabies".     