
Matt Kowalski: Listen, do you wanna go back, or do you wanna stay here? I get it. It's nice up here. You can just shut down all the systems, turn out all the lights, and just close your eyes and tune out everyone. There's nobody up here that can hurt you. It's safe. I mean, what's the point of going on? What's the point of living? Your kid died. Doesn't get any rougher than that. But still, it's a matter of what you do now. If you decide to go, then you gotta just get on with it. Sit back, enjoy the ride. You gotta plant both your feet on the ground and start livin' life. Hey, Ryan? It's time to go home.
Ryan Stone: Hey, Matt? Since I had to listen to endless hours of your storytelling this week, I need you to do me a favor. You're gonna see a little girl with brown hair. Very messy, lots of knots. She doesn't like to brush it. But that's okay. Her name is Sarah. Can you please tell her that mama found her red shoe? She was so worried about that shoe, Matt. But it was just right under the bed. Give her a big hug and a big kiss from me and tell her that mama misses her. Tell her that she is my angel. And she makes me so proud. So, so proud. And you tell her that I'm not quitting. You tell her that I love her, Matt. You tell her that I love her so much. Can you do that for me? Roger that.
Matt Kowalski: You just point the damned thing at Earth. It's not rocket science.
Matt Kowalski: So, what do you like about being up here?
Ryan Stone: The silence.
: At 600KM above planet Earth the temperature fluctuates between +258 and -148 degrees Fahrenheit. There is nothing to carry sound. No air pressure. No oxygen. Life in space is impossible.
Matt Kowalski: Half of North America just lost their Facebook.
Matt Kowalski: You've got to learn to let go.
Matt Kowalski: We're going back to the shuttle. How's that for a plan? Copy?
Ryan Stone: Fuck!
Matt Kowalski: Right, copy that.
Ryan Stone: I know, we're all gonna die. Everybody knows that. But I'm going to die today. Funny that... you know, to know. But the thing is, is that I'm still scared. Really scared. Nobody will mourn for me, no one will pray for my soul. Will you mourn for me? Will you say a prayer for me? Or is it too late... ah, I mean I'd say one for myself but I've never prayed in my life. Nobody ever taught me how... nobody ever taught me how...
Matt Kowalski: I know I'm devastatingly good looking but you gotta stop staring at me.
Matt Kowalski: Houston, I have a bad feeling about this mission.
Mission Control: Please elaborate.
Matt Kowalski: Well, it reminds of a story.
Ryan Stone: Houston, Houston in the blind, this is Mission Specialist Ryan Stone reporting from the Shenzhou. I'm about to undock from Tiangong... and I have a bad feeling about this mission.
Ryan Stone: Reminds me of a story...
Ryan Stone: Never mind, Houston, never mind the story! Ah. It's starting to get hot in here. OK. Alright the way I see it, there's only two possible outcomes. Either I, make it down there in one piece and I have one hell of a story to tell. Or I burn up in the next ten minutes. Either way whichever way, no harm no foul.
Ryan Stone: Cos either way, it'll be one hell of a ride. I'm ready.
Ryan Stone: You're losing altitude fast, Tiangong. You keep dropping and you're going to kiss the atmosphere. But not without me, because you're my last ride.
Matt Kowalski: You never flown the Soyuz either?
Ryan Stone: Only the simulator.
Matt Kowalski: Then you know.
Ryan Stone: But I crashed it.
Matt Kowalski: It's a simulator. That's what it's designed for.
Ryan Stone: Clear skies with a chance of satellite debris.
Mission Control: Matt, do you have visual on just what Mission Specialist Shariff is doing up there?
Matt Kowalski: He appears to be doing some form of the Macarena or that would be just a best guess scenario on my part.
Matt Kowalski: You're the genius up here. I only drive the bus.
Ryan Stone: C'mon Matt, talk to me. Tell me where you are, give me your position. Where are you? Give me a visual, tell me what you see. C'mon, you've been yammering since we left Cape Canaveral, *now* you decide to shut up? Talk to me! Just say something, say anything, I don't care!
Shariff: No, no, no, Houston, don't be anxious. Anxiety is bad for the heart.
Ryan Stone: I hate space!
Ryan Stone: Five. Four. Three. No more just driving. Let's go home.
Matt Kowalski: Explorer, this is Kowalski confirming visual contact with debris, debris is from a BSE sat. To repeat, I have...
Ryan Stone: Dr. Stone requesting faster transport.
Matt Kowalski: We have to go, we have to go, go, go!
Mission Control: Kennedy reports meteorological conditions no-go...
Ryan Stone: Houston, Explorer, copy.
Ryan Stone: Explorer, Dr. Stone requesting faster transport to bay area. Explorer do you copy?
Matt Kowalski: Explorer, permission to retrieve Dr. Stone.
Explorer Captain: You're a go Kowalski. Houston, this is Explorer, copy... We've lost Houston... we've lost Houston.
Matt Kowalski: Unstrap. Look, we need to get he hell out of here!
Shariff: Need some help there, Matt?
Matt Kowalski: No, don't wait for us!
Matt Kowalski: Man Down! Man Down!
Matt Kowalski: Houston this is Explorer, copy. Houston this is Explorer, copy. Kowalski repor...
Ryan Stone: Ah! Ah!
Matt Kowalski: Explorer's been hit. Explorer do you read? Explorer, over, Explorer? Astronaut is off structure. Dr Stone is off structure. Dr. Stone detach! You must detach!
Ryan Stone: No! No!
Matt Kowalski: If you don't detach that arm's gonna carry you too far! Listen to my voice! You need to focus! I'm losing visual of you. In a few seconds I won't be able to track you. You need to detach. I can't see you any more. Do it now!
Ryan Stone: I'm trying! I'm trying!
Matt Kowalski: Houston, I've lost visual of Dr. Stone!
Mission Control: Please verify that the P1 ATA removal on replacement cap part 1 and 2 are complete.
Explorer Captain: DMA, M1, M2, M3 and M4 are complete.
Mission Control: Okay. Copy that, Explorer. Dr. Stone, Houston. Medical is concerned about your ECG readings.
Ryan Stone: I'm fine, Houston.
Mission Control: Well, medical doesn't agree, Doc. Are you feeling nauseous?
Ryan Stone: Not anymore than usual, Houston. Diagnostics are green. Link to communications card ready for data reception. If this works, when we touch down tomorrow, I'm buying all you guys a round of drinks.
Mission Control: That's a date, Doctor. Just remember, Houston's partial to margaritas
Ryan Stone: Booting comms card now. Please confirm link,
Mission Control: That's a negative. We're not receiving any data.
Ryan Stone: Standby, Houston, I'm gonna reboot the comms card.
Mission Control: Standing by.
Matt Kowalski: Houston, I have a bad feeling about this mission.
Mission Control: Please expand.
Matt Kowalski: Okay, let me tell you a story.
Matt Kowalski: Well, you've gotta admit one thing: can't beat the view.
Ryan Stone: What do I do? What do I do?
Matt Kowalski: Hey, you wanna know the good news?
Ryan Stone: What?
Matt Kowalski: I'm gonna break Anatolie's record... and I think mine's gonna stand for a long, long time.
Ryan Stone: Oh no, I'm coming to get you.
Ryan Stone: Ryan Stone: Thank you.
Ryan Stone: Ryan Stone: No.     