
Richard: God will forgive them. He'll forgive them and allow them into Heaven. I can't live with that.
Sonny: Hey man, how you doin'? Rich...
Sonny: Sonny: You ok?
Richard: Mmh
Sonny: You know the lads had this ridiculous idea th...
Richard: Yeah, it was me.
Sonny: Oh it was? Thought so. What are you up to?
Richard: Moochin' about.
Sonny: Moochin' about? In my house?
Richard: Mmh
Sonny: Do you always paint men? Like women?... What are you doin' lad?
Richard: That's my concern.
Sonny: Not with being in my house. Where are you staying?
Richard: Motson's farm. Gonna come see me are ya?
Sonny: Maybe I will. You're not afraid of me are ya?
Tuff: Why doesn't he just chin him?
Big Al: He's weighing him up, he's weighing him up, shut up.
Sonny: You're making me very nervous, Richard.
Richard: Well you should be. If I were you, i'd get in that fuckin' car and i'd get out of here man. I'd gather them goonies and get whatever you've got comin' mate... 'cause i'm gonna fucking hit you all.
Sonny: I don't like being threatened, Rich'.
Richard: I'm not threatening you mate. It's beyond fucking words. I watched over you when you were asleep and I looked at your fucking neck and I was that far away from slicing it.
Richard: You're fucking there mate!
Richard: So get in that car... and FUCK OFF!
Richard: You get to me first!
Sonny: I just might.
Herbie: Can I help you, mate?
Richard: Sorry?
Herbie: What the fuck are you looking at?
Richard: You, ya cunt!
Richard: You know why people give kids drugs? So they can control their minds. 'Cause they're fucking weak-minded themselves.
Richard: You, you were supposed to be a monster - now I'm the fucking beast. There's blood on my hands, from what you made me do.
Richard: Dance at my party.
Anthony: They all tried to hold your hand. I didn't
Richard: No, you didn't
Anthony: Don't need to, do I?
Richard: What did you do?
Richard: I SAID WHAT DID YOU DO... What did you do? Not them other cunts
Mark: I didn't stop it... I didn't stop it
Richard: Well you should've stopped it... you might've stopped a lot of carnage
Mark: What do you mean?
Richard: They're all dead... I executed them all and your the last one
Soz: I told him not to mention the elephant...
Richard: Was he screaming my name? When they were torturing him... was he screaming my name?
Mark: Yes
Richard: He's still screaming my name
Soz: Can I go home?
Richard: Oh, you're going. Your going
Richard: What you cutting it like?
Anthony: Dunno. Long hair
Richard: What, like Bon Jovi?
Anthony: No
Soz: He wasn't a spastic.
Richard: He fucking was a spastic.
Richard: He was a fucking nana.
Richard: Make a noise and I'll push this in your spine
Soz: "I love English cock... "
Tuff: Do you?
Soz: Shut it.
Soz: Fancy a "tit fuck"
Tuff: No thanks...
Richard: I just want to lie with my brother
Richard: Take this knife
Mark: No
Richard: You take this knife before I do something terrible with it     