
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Why is it, when something happens, it is always you three?
Ron Weasley: Believe me, Professor. I've been asking myself the same question for six years.
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Potter, take Weasley with you. He looks far too happy over there.
Lavender Brown: Ah! See? He senses my presence.
Lavender Brown: Don't worry, Won-Won! I'm here. I'm here.
Ron Weasley: Her... my... nee. Hermione...
Albus Dumbledore: Oh, to be young and to feel love's keen sting.
Ginny Weasley: That can stay hidden up here too, if you like.
Ron Weasley: So, did you and Ginny do it, then?
Harry Potter: What?
Ron Weasley: You know, hide the book?
Harry Potter: Oh... yeah.
Horace Slughorn: It was a student who gave me Francis. One Spring afternoon I discovered a bowl on my desk, just a few inches of clear water in it. Floating on the surface was a flower petal. As I washed, it sank. Just when it reached the bottom, it transformed into a wee fish. It was beautiful magic, wondrous to the behold. The flower petal had come from a lily, your mother. The day I came downstairs, the day the bowl was empty, was the day your mother...
Ron Weasley: How much are these?
Fred Weasley, George Weasley: 5 galleons.
Ron Weasley: How much for me?
Fred Weasley, George Weasley: 5 galleons.
Ron Weasley: I'm your brother!
Fred Weasley, George Weasley: 10 galleons.
Hermione Granger: Hey! She's only interested in you because she thinks you're the Chosen One.
Harry Potter: But I am the Chosen One.
Harry Potter: Sorry... kidding!
Ron Weasley: What do you think he sees in her?
Harry Potter: She's smart... funny... attractive...
Ron Weasley: Attractive?
Harry Potter: Well you know... she has nice... skin.
Ron Weasley: So you think he is going out with her because she has nice skin?
Harry Potter: Well, I dunno, I'm just saying it could be a contributing factor.
Ron Weasley: Hermione's got nice skin. You know, as far as skin goes.
Harry Potter: I-I've never thought about it before. But now that you mention it, yeah. Very nice.
Harry Potter: ... I think I'll be going to bed now.
Horace Slughorn: Harry!
Harry Potter: Sir!
Rubeus Hagrid: Seriously misunderstood creatures, spiders are. It's the eyes, I reckon, they unnerve some folk.
Harry Potter: Not to mention the pincers...
Hermione Granger: How does it feel, Harry? When you see Dean with Ginny?
Harry Potter: Oh. Um...
Hermione Granger: I know. I've seen the way you look at her. You're my best friend.
Lavender Brown: Oops!... I think this room's taken.
Ron Weasley: ... What's with the birds?
Hermione Granger: Oppugno!
Harry Potter: It feels like this.
Hermione Granger: How do you feel?
Harry Potter: Excellent... really excellent!
Hermione Granger: Remember, Slughorn usually eats early, takes a walk, and then returns to his office.
Harry Potter: Right. I'm going down to Hagrid's.
Hermione Granger: What? No! Harry, you've got to go speak to Slughorn! We have a plan.
Harry Potter: I know, but I've got a really good feeling about Hagrid's. I feel like it's the place to be tonight. Do you know what I mean?
Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley: No.
Harry Potter: Trust me! I know what I'm doing, or Felix does.
Harry Potter: Hi!
Harry Potter: Okay, so this morning I'm going to be putting you all though a few drills, just to set things straight.
Harry Potter: Quiet, please.
Ginny Weasley: Shut it!
Harry Potter: Thanks.
Harry Potter: Be brave, Professor. Be brave like my mother... Otherwise, you disgrace her. Otherwise, she died for nothing. Otherwise, the bowl will remain empty... forever.
Ron Weasley: You heard Snape say he's made an Unbreakable Vow?
Harry Potter: Yes. What does it mean?
Ron Weasley: Well, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow!
Harry Potter: I worked that much out for myself, funny enough.
Ron Weasley: It's beautiful, isn't it? The moon.
Harry Potter: Divine. Had ourselves a little late night snack, did we?
Ron Weasley: It was on your bed, the box, I just thought I'd try one.
Harry Potter: Or twenty.
Ron Weasley: I can't stop thinking about her, Harry.
Harry Potter: Honestly, you know, I reckon she was starting to annoy you.
Ron Weasley: She could never annoy me. I think I love her.
Harry Potter: Oh... brilliant.
Ron Weasley: Do you think she knows I exist?
Harry Potter: Well, I'd bloody well hope so, she's been snogging you for three months.
Ron Weasley: Snogging? Who are you talking about?
Harry Potter: Who are you talking about?
Ron Weasley: Romilda, of course. Romilda Vane.
Harry Potter: Okay, very funny.
Ron Weasley: Harry Potter: What was that for?
Ron Weasley: It's no joke! I'm in love with her!
Harry Potter: Alright, fine, you're in love with her! Have you ever actually met her?
Ron Weasley: No... Can you introduce me?
Ron Weasley: He'll be here, soon.
Hermione Granger: Will you stop eating? Your best friend is missing!
Ron Weasley: Turn around, you lunatic!
Ginny Weasley: He's covered in blood again. Why is it he's always covered in blood?
Ron Weasley: Well, it looks like it's his own this time.
Draco Malfoy: Nice face, Potter!
Luna Lovegood: Would you like me to fix it for you? Personally, I think you look a little more devil-may-care this way, but it's up to you.
Harry Potter: Um... have you ever fixed a nose before?
Luna Lovegood: No. But I've done several toes, and how different are they, really?
Harry Potter: ...Okay, yeah, sure, give it a go.
Luna Lovegood: Episkey!
Harry Potter: Augh...!
Harry Potter: Well? How do I look?
Luna Lovegood: Exceptionally ordinary.
Harry Potter: ...Brilliant.
Lavender Brown: Where is he? Where's my Won-Won? Has he been asking for me?
Lavender Brown: What is she doing here?
Hermione Granger: I might ask you the same question!
Lavender Brown: I happen to be his girlfriend!
Hermione Granger: Well, I happen to be his... friend.
Lavender Brown: Friend? Don't make me laugh! You haven't spoken in weeks. I guess you want to make up with him now that's he's suddenly all interesting!
Hermione Granger: He's been poisoned, you daft dimbo! And as a matter of fact, I've always found him interesting.
Horace Slughorn: Exactly how did you get out of the castle, Harry?
Harry Potter: Through the front door sir.
Severus Snape: You've just earned yourself detention for a month, McClaggen.
Harry Potter: Incarcerous!
Harry Potter: Fight back!, you coward! Fight back!
Severus Snape: No! He belongs to the Dark Lord!
Harry Potter: Sectumsempra!
Severus Snape: You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? Yes. I'm the Half Blood Prince.
Professor Filius Flitwick: There you are! We've been looking everywhere for you two.
Professor Filius Flitwick: Now, names?
Harry Potter: Professor Flitwick, you've known me for five years.
Professor Filius Flitwick: No exceptions... Potter.
Horace Slughorn: Harry! I must insist you accompany me back to the castle immediately!
Harry Potter: That would be counterproductive, sir!
Horace Slughorn: What makes you say that?
Harry Potter: No idea!
Horace Slughorn: Aaauughh!... Merlin's beard, Harry!
Harry Potter: Oh, sorry, sir, I should've announced myself. Cleared my throat. Coughed. You probably feared I was Professor Sprout!
Horace Slughorn: Yes, I did actually!... What made you think that?
Harry Potter: Oh, well, just the general behavior, sir - the sneaking around, jumping when you saw me... Are those tentacular leaves, sir? They're very valuable, aren't they?
Horace Slughorn: Ten Galleons a leaf to the right buyer!... Not that I'm familiar with any such back alley transactions, but one does hear rumors. My own interests are purely academic, of course.
Harry Potter: Personally, these plants always kind of freak me out.
Harry Potter: Snape! He trusted you!
Harry Potter: Sorry I made you miss the carriages by the way, Luna.
Luna Lovegood: That's all right, it's like being with a friend.
Harry Potter: Oh, I am your friend, Luna.
Luna Lovegood: That's nice.
Waitress: "Harry Potter." Who's Harry Potter?
Harry Potter: Oh, no one. Bit of a tosser, really.
Albus Dumbledore: Are you and her...?
Harry Potter: Oh no, no, no. I mean, she's brilliant, but we're friends.
Severus Snape: Not... so fast, Potter.
Harry Potter: Sorry, sir, but I really should be getting back to the party. My date...
Severus Snape: Can surely survive another minute without you. Besides, I only wish to convey a message.
Albus Dumbledore: Ah, Harry... you need a shave, my friend.
Ron Weasley: He even sleeps with it.
Harry Potter: I don't sleep with it!
Horace Slughorn: I would have thought an expert potion-maker like yourself could whip up an antidote for a love potion in no time, Harry?
Harry Potter: Well, sir, I think this called for a more practiced hand.
Ron Weasley: Hello, darling. Fancy a drink?
Horace Slughorn: Perhaps you're right.
Narcissa Malfoy: I know I'm not to be here. The Dark Lord himself forbid me to speak of this...
Severus Snape: If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, you are not to speak...
Severus Snape: Put it down, Bella. We mustn't touch what isn't ours.
Severus Snape: As it so happens, I'm aware of your situation.
Bellatrix Lestrange: You? The Dark Lord told you?
Severus Snape: Your sister doubts me. Over the years I've played my part well, so well I've deceived one of the greatest wizards of all time.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Huh!
Severus Snape: Dumbledore *is* a great wizard. Only a fool would question it.
Narcissa Malfoy: I don't doubt you Severus.
Bellatrix Lestrange: You should be honored Cissy, as should Draco.
Narcissa Malfoy: ...He's just a boy.
Severus Snape: I can't change the Dark Lord's mind. But it might be possible for me to help Draco.
Narcissa Malfoy: Severus...
Bellatrix Lestrange: Swear to it... make the Unbreakable Vow.
Bellatrix Lestrange: It's just empty words. He'll give it his best effort, when it maters most. He'll just slither back into his hole... coward.
Severus Snape: Take-out-your-wand.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Will you, Severus Snape, watch over Draco Malfoy, as he attempts to fulfill the Dark Lord's wishes?
Severus Snape: I will.
Bellatrix Lestrange: And will you, to the best of your ability, protect him from harm?
Severus Snape: I will.
Bellatrix Lestrange: And, if Draco should fail, will you yourself carry out the deed the Dark Lord has ordered Draco to perform?
Severus Snape: I will.
Albus Dumbledore: Take my arm.
Harry Potter: I just apparated, didn't I?
Albus Dumbledore: Indeed. Quite successfully, I might add. Most people vomit their first time.
Harry Potter: I can't imagine why.
Mrs. Cole: I must admit to some confusion receiving your letter, Professor Dumbledore. In all the years Tom's been here, he's never once had a family visitor. There have been... incidents with the other children. Nasty things.
Mrs. Cole: Tom? You have a visitor.
Albus Dumbledore: How do you do, Tom?
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Go.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: You're the doctor, aren't you?
Albus Dumbledore: No, I'm a professor.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I don't believe you. She wants me looked at. They think I'm... different.
Albus Dumbledore: Well, perhaps they're right.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I'm not mad.
Albus Dumbledore: Hogwarts is not a place for mad people. Hogwarts is a school. A school of magic. You can do things can't you, Tom? That other children can't.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I can make things move without touching them. I can make animals do what I want without training them. I can make bad things happen to people who are mean to me. I can make them hurt, if I want... Who are you?
Albus Dumbledore: Well, I'm like you, Tom. I'm different.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Prove it.
Albus Dumbledore: I think there's something in the wardrobe trying to get out, Tom.
Albus Dumbledore: Thievery is not tolerated at Hogwarts, Tom. At Hogwarts you will be taught not only how to use magic, but how to control it. Do you understand me?
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I can speak to snakes, too. They find me... whisper things.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Is that normal, for someone like me?
Rubeus Hagrid: I had him from an egg, you know? Tiny little thing he was when he hatched. No bigger than a Pekingese. A Pekingese, mind you!
Horace Slughorn: How sweet! I once had a fish... Francis. He was very dear to me. One afternoon, I came downstairs and... it vanished. Poof.
Rubeus Hagrid: That's very odd, isn't it?
Horace Slughorn: Yes, doesn't it? But that's life! I suppose, you - you go along with and suddenly... poof.
Rubeus Hagrid: Poof.
Harry Potter: Poof.
Hermione Granger: Excuse me, I have to go vomit.
Harry Potter: But, Sir, I thought we weren't allowed to apparate on Hogwarts' grounds.
Albus Dumbledore: Well, being me... has its privileges.
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Mr. Davis! Mr. Davis, that is the girls' lavatory.
Albus Dumbledore: Draco, years ago I knew a boy who made all the wrong choices. Please let me help you!
Draco Malfoy: I don't need your help! Don't you understand? I have to do this! I have to kill you... or he's gonna kill me!
Severus Snape: Has it ever crossed your brilliant mind that I don't want to do this anymore?
Albus Dumbledore: Whether it has or it hasn't is irrelevant; you gave me your word.
Albus Dumbledore: Horace, do you mind if I take this? I do love knitting patterns.
Luna Lovegood: I've never been to this part of the castle. Well, not awake. I sleepwalk, you see. That's why I wear shoes to bed.
Dolores Umbridge: I will have order! I really do hate children.
Horace Slughorn: What about you, Miss Granger? What do your parents do in the muggle world?
Hermione Granger: Ah, my parents are dentists.
Horace Slughorn: And is that considered a dangerous profession?
Harry Potter: I never noticed how beautiful this place is.
Neville Longbottom: I didn't get into the Slug Club. It's okay, though. He's got Belby handing out towels in the loo.
Waiter: Dragon tartare?
Hermione Granger: No, I'm fine, thank you.
Waiter: Just as well. They give one horribly bad breath.
Hermione Granger: On second thoughts...
Hermione Granger: Maybe it'll keep Cormac at bay... oh, God, here he comes!
Harry Potter: I'm not coming back Hermione. I've got to finish whatever Dumbledore started, and I don't know where that'll lead me, but I'll let you and Ron know where I am when I can.
Hermione Granger: I've always admired your courage Harry, but sometimes you can be really thick. You don't really think you're going to be able to find all those horcruxes by yourself do you? You need us Harry.
Albus Dumbledore: Severus... please...
Severus Snape: Avada Kedavra!
Harry Potter: Did you know, sir? Then?
Albus Dumbledore: Did I know that I just met the most dangerous dark wizard of all time? No. If I had...
Remus Lupin: You're blinded by hatred.
Harry Potter: No I'm not!
Remus Lupin: Yes you are!
Argus Filch: Professor Slughorn, sir. I've just discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor. He claims to be invited to your party.
Draco Malfoy: Ok! Ok! I was gate crashing. Happy?
Harry Potter: What happens when you break an Unbreakable Vow?
Ron Weasley: You die.
Horace Slughorn: Farewell, Aragog. King of the arachnids. Your body will decay... but your spirit lingers on and your human friends find solace, the loss they have sustained.
Cormac McLaggen: No hard feelings, eh, Weasley?
Ron Weasley: What do you mean?
Cormac McLaggen: I'll be trying out for Gryffindor Keeper too. Nothing personal.
Ron Weasley: Really? Big, strapping fellow like you? You look like you've got more of a Beater's build to me. I mean, to be Keeper, you've got to be a quick and agile sort...
Cormac McLaggen: I like my chances. By the way, think you could introduce me to your friend Granger? Wouldn't mind getting on a first-name basis with her, if you know what I mean...
Remus Lupin: Has it occurred to you Harry, that Snape was simply pretending to offer Draco help so he could find out what he was up to?
Harry Potter: That's not what it sounded like.
Nymphadora Tonks: Perhaps Harry's right, Remus. I mean, to make an Unbreakable Vow...
Remus Lupin: It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore. Dumbledore trusts Snape, therefore I do.
Ginny Weasley: About time, don't you think?
Hermione Granger: Oh, shut up.
Harry Potter: What brings you here, sir?
Horace Slughorn: Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go way back! Farther back than I care to admit! Ho ho ho... Why I can remember when it was just ONE Broomstick!
Horace Slughorn: Whoops! All hands on deck, there, Granger!
Bellatrix Lestrange: Well look what we have here. Dumbledore wandless, alone and cornered in his own castle! Well done, Draco!
Albus Dumbledore: Good evening, Bellatrix. I think introductions are in order.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Love to, Albus, but I'm afraid we're on a bit of a tight schedule.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Do it!
Fenrir Greyback: He doesn't have the stomach, like his father. Let me finish him in my own way.
Bellatrix Lestrange: No! The Dark Lord was clear, the boy's to do it.
Albus Dumbledore: Every day, every hour, this very minute, perhaps, dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle's walls.
Albus Dumbledore: But in the end, their greatest weapon... is you.
Horace Slughorn: Thank you for the pineapple, you're quite right, it is my favorite - but how did you know?
Tom Riddle - Age 16: Intuition.
Ron Weasley: I must admit, I thought I was going to miss that last one. I hope Cormac's not taking it too hard. I think he's got a bit of a thing for you, Hermione, Cormac.
Hermione Granger: He's vile.
Horace Slughorn: Please don't think badly of me when you see it. You have no idea what he was like... even back then.
Harry Potter: I'm sorry, sir. I wouldn't bother you if it weren't essential.
Ron Weasley: Where's Romilda?
Horace Slughorn: What's the matter with Wenby?
Harry Potter: Very powerful love potion.
Horace Slughorn: Very well. Better bring him in. I'd have thought you could have whipped up a remedy for this in no time, Harry.
Harry Potter: I'd have thought that this called for a more practised hand, sir.
Ron Weasley: Hello Darling. Fancy a drink?
Horace Slughorn: Perhaps you're right.
Albus Dumbledore: Draco... you are no assassin.
Severus Snape: It's over.
Horace Slughorn: I taught the whole Black family, except Sirius, it's a shame. I got Regulus when he came around of course, but I would have liked the set.
Severus Snape: Run along, Wormtail!
Horace Slughorn: All right, I'll do it! But I want Professor Merrythought's office, not that water closet I had before. And I want a raise, these are mad times we live in. MAD!
Bellatrix Lestrange: I killed Sirius Black!
Albus Dumbledore: I must say, Horace, you make a very convincing armchair.
Horace Slughorn: Oh, thank you. It's all in the upholstry.
Horace Slughorn: I come about the stuffing naturally.
Severus Snape: I will escort him out.
Draco Malfoy: Certainly - Professor.
Katie Bell: I know you're going to ask me Harry, but I don't know who cursed me. I've been trying to remember, honestly. But I just can't.
Draco Malfoy: Didn't mummy ever tell you it was rude to eavesdrop, Potter? Petrificus totalus! Oh yeah. She was dead before you could wipe the drool off your chin.
Draco Malfoy: That was for my father. Enjoy your ride back to London.
Albus Dumbledore: Oh, to be young and to feel love's keen sting.
Hermione Granger: You have to realize who you are, Harry.
Ginny Weasley: Take my hand.
Ron Weasley: Hello darling fancy a drink?
Horace Slughorn: Perhaps you're right Harry.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Cissy, can't do this! He can't be trusted!
Ron Weasley: Did you hear her talk about me and her snogging? As if...
Ginny Weasley: Close your eyes so you won't be tempted
Draco Malfoy: That was for my father.
Draco Malfoy: Enjoy your trip back to London!
Draco Malfoy: Nice face, Potter!
Albus Dumbledore: Albus Dumbledore: What you are looking at are memories. In this case containing to one individual.
Albus Dumbledore: This is perhaps the most important memory I've collected. I'd like you to see it.
Albus Dumbledore: Once again, I must ask too much of you, Harry.
Albus Dumbledore: This is beyond anything I have imagined.
Albus Dumbledore: This is beyond anything I imagine.
Severus Snape: It's over.
Draco Malfoy: I have to do this!
Harry Potter: Fight back, you cowards!
Albus Dumbledore: Years ago, I met a boy. He made all the wrong choices. You see, a student, like any other... his name was Tom Riddle. Today, the world knows him by another name... Voldemort.
Albus Dumbledore: What you are looking at are memories. In this case containing to one individual. Voldemort. Or as he was known then, Tom Riddle.
Albus Dumbledore: This file contains the most particular memory. The day I first met him. I'd like you to see it. If you want.
Mrs. Cole: I must admit to some confusion receiving your letter, Mr. Dumbledore. In all the years Tom's been here he's never had a family visitor. There have been incidents with the other children. Nasty things.
Mrs. Cole: Tom, you have a visitor.
Albus Dumbledore: How do you do, Tom?
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Go.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: You're the doctor, aren't you?
Albus Dumbledore: No. I'm a professor.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I don't believe you. She wants me looked at. They think I'm... different.
Albus Dumbledore: Well, perhaps they're right.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I'm not mad.
Albus Dumbledore: Hogwarts is not a place for mad people. Hogwarts is a school. A school of magic.
Albus Dumbledore: You can do things, can't you, Tom? Things to the children, Tom.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I can make things move without touching them. I can make animals do what I want without touching them. I can make bad things happen to people who are mean to me. I can make them hurt. If I want. Who are you?
Albus Dumbledore: I'm like you, Tom. I'm different.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Prove it.
Albus Dumbledore: I think there's something in your wardrobe that's trying to get out, Tom.
Albus Dumbledore: Thievery is not tolerated at Hogwarts, Tom. At Hogwarts you will not only be taught how to use magic, but how to control it. Do you understand me?
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I can speak to snakes, too. They find me... whisper things.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Is that normal for someone like me?
Albus Dumbledore: Do you mind if I take this, Horace? I do love knitting patterns.
Albus Dumbledore: I admit you do make a very convincing armchair, Horace.
Severus Snape: I will.
Draco Malfoy: I have to do this! I have to kill you!
Horace Slughorn: Some of your classmates... well, let's just say they're unlikely to make the shelf.
Harry Potter: Shelf, sir?
Horace Slughorn: Anyone who aspires to be anyone ends up here. But then again, you already are someone, aren't you, Harry?
Harry Potter: Did Voldemort ever make the shelf, sir?
Harry Potter: You knew him, didn't you, sir? Tom Riddle? You were his teacher.
Horace Slughorn: Mr. Riddle had a number of teachers whilst he was here at Hogwarts.
Harry Potter: What was he like?
Harry Potter: I'm sorry, sir. Forgive me. He killed my parents.
Horace Slughorn: I... of course, it's only natural you should want to know more. But I'm afraid I must disappoint you, Harry. When I first met young Mr. Riddle, he was a quiet, albeit brilliant boy committed to becoming a first-rate wizard. Not unlike others I've known. Not unlike yourself, in fact. If the monster existed, it was buried deep within.
Arthur Weasley: Harry, no!
Harry Potter: Fight back, you cowards, fight back!
Albus Dumbledore: This memory is a different kind of magic. Very dark. Very parcel. Without it, we are blind. It leaves the fate of our world to chance. You have no choice, you must not fail. Once again, I must ask too much of you, Harry.
Harry Potter: Okay, so I'm going to be putting you all through a few drills just to assess you straight.
Harry Potter: Quiet, please!
Ginny Weasley: Shut it!
Harry Potter: Thanks. Alright, um, now then, remember just because you made the team last year, that doesn't guarantee you a spot this year, is that clear?
Harry Potter: Good.
Cormac McLaggen: No hard feelings, Weasley, alright?
Ron Weasley: What do you mean?
Cormac McLaggen: I'll be trying out for Keeper as well. It's nothing personal.
Ron Weasley: Really? Strapping guy like you. You've got more of a Beater's build, don't you think? Keeper's need to be quick, agile.
Cormac McLaggen: I like my chances. Say, um, think you could introduce me to your friend Granger? Wouldn't mind, uh... getting on a first-name basis, if you know what I mean.
Albus Dumbledore: Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy for a mission.
Arthur Weasley: Harry, no!
Ron Weasley: I'm in love with her!
Harry Potter: All right, fine, you're in love with her! You haven't even met her!
Ron Weasley: Could you introduce me?
Hermione Granger: Hermione Granger: Hey! She only interests you because she thinks you're the Chosen One!
Harry Potter: But I am the Chosen One.
Harry Potter: Okay, sorry... kidding.
Mrs. Cole: The entire time Tom's been here he's never had a visitor.
Albus Dumbledore: Harry, I'd like you to meet Professor Horace Slughorn.
Horace Slughorn: Horace Slughorn: What you see here before you is a curious little potion. It does cause infatuation or obsession.
Albus Dumbledore: You're the Chosen One, Harry.
Albus Dumbledore: Albus Dumbledore: What you are looking at are memories. This is perhaps the most important memory I've collected. It is also a lie.
Horace Slughorn: Now get out of here at once!
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Are you here to adopt me?
Albus Dumbledore: No.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Who are you?
Albus Dumbledore: When I'm like you, Tom, I'm different.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: Prove it.
Albus Dumbledore: Without this memory, it leaves the fate of our world to chance. You must not fail.
Hermione Granger: You need us, Harry.
Albus Dumbledore: Without this, it leaves the fate of our world to chance.
Albus Dumbledore: This memory is everything.
Horace Slughorn: These are mad times we live in! Mad!
Ron Weasley: It's beautiful, isn't it? The moon?
Harry Potter: Divine.
Harry Potter: Hd ourselves a little midnight snack, have we?
Ron Weasley: It was on your bed, the box. I just thought I'd try one.
Harry Potter: Or twenty.
Ron Weasley: I can't stop thinking about her, Harry.
Harry Potter: Honestly, you know, I reckon she was starting to annoy you.
Ron Weasley: She could never annoy me! I think I love her.
Harry Potter: Um, brilliant...
Ron Weasley: Do you think she knows I exist?
Hermione Granger: How do you feel when you see Ginny and Dean?
Ron Weasley: Hermione has nice skin.
Harry Potter: Oh, yes. Very nice.
Draco Malfoy: You go ahead. I want to check something.
Luna Lovegood: Quibbler? Quibbler?
Ron Weasley: What do you think Dean sees in her?
Harry Potter: Well, she's funny, smart, attractive.
Ron Weasley: Attractive?
Harry Potter: She has nice... skin.
Ron Weasley: Skin? You're saying he's dating my sister because she has nice skin?
Ginny Weasley: Has Ron gone to bed yet?
Hermione Granger: How are Fred and George doing it? Half the Alley's closed down.
Ron Weasley: Fred reckons people need a laugh these days.
Harry Potter: I reckon he's right.
Horace Slughorn: Now, Amortentia doesn't create actual love, that would be impossible. But it does cause powerful infatuation or obsession, and for that reason... it is probably the most dangerous potion in this room.
Hermione Granger: Stop it, Ron. You're making it snow.
Ron Weasley: Tell me how I broke up with Lavander again.
Hermione Granger: Um, well... She came to visit you in the hospital. And you talked. I don't believe it was a particularly long conversation.
Ron Weasley: Don't get me wrong, I'm bloody thrilled to be shot of her. It's just... she seems a bit put out.
Hermione Granger: Yes, um, she does, doesn't she?
Harry Potter: Did you know, sir? There?
Albus Dumbledore: Did I know that I just met the strongest dark wizard of all time? No.
Tom Riddle - Age 11: I can make things move without touching them. I can make bad things happen to people that are mean to me. I can speak to snakes, too.
Albus Dumbledore: This is beyond anything I imagine. This is a different kind of magic. Very dark. Very parcel. Once again, I must ask too much of you, Harry.
Albus Dumbledore: Every day. Every hour. This very minute, in fact, dark forces attempt to penetrate these walls. This time, I cannot help you destroy it... alone.     