
Alejandro: You're asking me how a watch works. For now we'll just keep an eye on the time.
Alejandro: Nothing will make sense to your American ears, and you will doubt everything that we do, but in the end you will understand.
Alejandro: You should move to a small town, somewhere the rule of law still exists. You will not survive here. You are not a wolf, and this is a land of wolves now.
Alejandro: Time to meet God.
Alejandro: Go ahead and finish your meal.
Fausto Alarcon: You think the people that send you here are any different? Who do you think we learned from?
Fausto Alarcon: The grieving lawyer!
Fausto Alarcon: Your wife... you think she'll be... proud to see what have you become?
Alejandro: Don't forget about my daughter.
Fausto Alarcon: Oh yes... your little one.
Fausto Alarcon: It wasn't personal.
Alejandro: It was for me.
Matt: Medellin refers to a time when one group controlled every aspect of the drug trade, providing a measure of order that we could control. And until somebody finds a way to convince 20% of the population to stop snorting and smoking that shit, order's the best we can hope for. And what you saw up there, was Alejandro working toward returning that order.
Kate Macer: Alejandro works for the fucking Colombian Cartel.
Matt: He works for the competition. Alejandro works for anyone who will point him toward the people who made him. Us. Them. Anyone who will turn him loose. So, he can get the person that cut off his wife's head, and threw his daughter into a vat of acid. Yeah. That's what we're dealing with.
Fausto Alarcon: Not in front of my boys.
Alejandro: Go ahead and finish your meal...
Alejandro: You look like a little girl when you're scared.
Phil Coopers: Advisors like Matt come in, they stir the pot, they cause the criminals to react and make mistakes. That's how we build cases against the individuals that actually make a difference in this fight. It's when they're nervous, when they stop trusting their crews, when they move their money. These are all opportunities to strike. And that's the purpose of people like Matt.
Dave Jennings: Kate, this isn't something that I dreamed up myself. I don't have the authority to hire advisors, or authorize joint agency missions, or fly agents from Air Force bases. Are you understanding me? These decisions are made far from here, by officials elected to office, not appointed to them. So, if your fear is operating out of bounds, I am telling you, you are not. The boundary's been moved.
Alejandro: Don't ever point a gun at me again.
Kate Macer: I just tried to have sex with my hitman.
Alejandro: Nah, he's no assassin. He just wanted to know what you know. They're after us, not you.
Title Card: The word Sicario comes from the zealots of Jerusalem, killers who hunted the Romans who invaded their homeland. In Mexico, Sicario means hitman.
Kate Macer: What am I doing here?
Matt: What you're doing here is you're giving us the opportunity to shake the tree and create chaos. That's what this is! In the meantime, just sponge everything up you see. Learn! That's why you're here.
Kate Macer: You used me as bait.
Matt: Nah, you used yourself as bait.
Kate Macer: Are we going to Tucson?
Matt: Yeah, you gotta learn how to sleep on a plane. They let me on the base when you need a ride, don't they?
Reggie Wayne: You okay?
Matt: She's fine.
Reggie Wayne: I didn't ask you.
Matt: And yet I answered...
Matt: You saw things you shouldn't have seen.
Matt: You know what the beauty is of you being so beat to a pulp? 'Cause no one's gonna notice a few more scratches.
Alejandro: Fausto Alarcon "El Verdugo". Every day across that border, people are kidnapped or killed by his hand or with his blessing. To find him would be like discovering a vaccine. You understand the value of that?
Reggie Wayne: Look at you. Your eyebrows are a mess.
Kate Macer: No, they're not!
Reggie Wayne: They're like caterpillars, like wild beasts. You're losing weight.
Kate Macer: I'm eating.
Reggie Wayne: Look at you. What is it, one T-shirt a week? At least work on your personal hygiene, huh?
Kate Macer: You sound like my mother.
Reggie Wayne: Maybe I *am* your mother. First we work on personal hygiene, then we move on to the shopping.
Alejandro: Welcome to Juarez
Kate Macer: What's our objective?
Matt: To dramatically overreact.     