
Trautman: You did everything to make this private war happen. You've done enough damage. This mission is over, Rambo. Do you understand me? This mission is over! Look at them out there! Look at them! If you won't end this now, they will kill you. Is that what you want? It's over Johnny. It's over!
Rambo: Nothing is over! Nothing! You just don't turn it off! It wasn't my war! You asked me, I didn't ask you! And I did what I had to do to win! But somebody wouldn't let us win! And I come back to the world and I see all those maggots at the airport, protesting me, spitting. Calling me baby killer and all kinds of vile crap! Who are they to protest me, huh? Who are they? Unless they've been me and been there and know what the hell they're yelling about!
Trautman: It was a bad time for everyone, Rambo. It's all in the past now.
Rambo: For *you*! For me civilian life is nothing! In the field we had a code of honor, you watch my back, I watch yours. Back here there's nothing!
Trautman: You're the last of an elite group, don't end it like this.
Rambo: Back there I could fly a gunship, I could drive a tank, I was in charge of million dollar equipment, back here I can't even hold a job *parking cars*!
Rambo: We were in this bar in Saigon and this kid comes up, this kid carrying a shoe-shine box. And he says "Shine, please, shine!" I said no. He kept askin', yeah, and Joey said "Yeah." And I went to get a couple of beers, and the box was wired, and he opened up the box, fucking blew his body all over the place. And he's laying there, he's fucking screaming. There's pieces of him all over me, just...
Rambo: like this, and I'm tryin' to pull him off, you know, my friend that's all over me! I've got blood and everything and I'm tryin' to hold him together! I'm puttin'... the guy's fuckin' insides keep coming out! And nobody would help! Nobody would help! He's saying, sayin' "I wanna go home! I wanna go home!" He keeps calling my name! "I wanna go home, Johnny! I wanna drive my Chevy!" I said "With what? I can't find your fuckin' legs! I can't find your legs!"
Teasle: Are you telling me that 200 of our men against your boy is a no-win situation for us?
Trautman: You send that many, don't forget one thing.
Teasle: What?
Trautman: A good supply of body bags.
Rambo: I could have killed 'em all, I could've killed you. In town you're the law, out here it's me. Don't push it! Don't push it or I'll give you a war you won't believe. Let it go. Let it go!
Trautman: I don't think you understand. I didn't come to rescue Rambo from you. I came here to rescue you from him.
Teasle: Well, we all appreciate your concern Colonel, I will try to be extra careful!
Trautman: I'm just amazed he allowed any of your posse to live.
Teasle: Is that right?
Trautman: Strictly speaking, he slipped up. You're lucky to be breathing.
Teasle: That's just great. Colonel, you came out here to find out why one of your machines blew a gasket!
Trautman: You don't seem to want to accept the fact you're dealing with an expert in guerrilla warfare, with a man who's the best, with guns, with knives, with his bare hands. A man who's been trained to ignore pain, ignore weather, to live off the land, to eat things that would make a billy goat puke. In Vietnam his job was to dispose of enemy personnel. To kill! Period! Win by attrition. Well Rambo was the best.
Teasle: He was just another drifter who broke the law!
Trautman: Vagrancy wasn't it? That's gonna look real good on his grave stone in Arlington: Here lies John Rambo, winner of the Congressional Medal of Honor, survivor of countless incursions behind enemy lines. Killed for vagrancy in Jerkwater, USA.
Teasle: Now don't give me any of that crap Trautman. Do you think Rambo was the only guy who had a tough time in Vietnam? He killed a police officer for Christ's sake!
Trautman: You're goddamn lucky he didn't kill all of you.
Rambo: There's one man dead! It's not my *fault*! I don't want anymore hurt!
Teasle: Freeze! Stand right where you are! Give yourself up!
Rambo: But I didn't do anything!
Teasle: I'm warning you boy, don't make a move or I'll blow your head off!
Rambo: I didn't do anything!
Rambo: I can't get it out of my head. A dream of seven years. Everyday I have this. And sometimes I wake up and I don't know where I am. I don't talk to anybody. Sometimes a day - a week. I can't put it out of my mind.
Deputy Lester: I was just talking to Mitch, and he said that Gault and a couple of the deputies were... a little hard on the guy.
State Police Capt. Dave Kern: Assholes!
Teasle: It doesn't make one goddamn bit of difference, Dave, and you know it! If one of my deputies... gets out of line with a prisoner then the prisoner comes to me with it. And if I find out it's like he says I kick the deputy's ass! *Me*! The *Law*! People start fucking around with the law then all hell breaks loose! Whatever possessed God in heaven to make a man like Rambo?
Trautman: God didn't make Rambo, I made him!
Rambo: Drive!
Rambo: Don't look at me, look at the road! That's how accidents happen.
Rambo: What's your name?
Guardsman #3: Cathcart, Robert A.
Rambo: What have you got in the back, Robert A?
Guardsman #3: M-60
Rambo: Okay! Robert A! Get out of the truck!
Guardsman #3: Please. I got no beef with you.
Rambo: GO ON! Get out! Go home!
Teasle: So where you heading?
Rambo: Portland.
Teasle: Portland is south! You said you were heading north.
Rambo: You got some place I can eat around here?
Teasle: Theres a diner about thirty miles up the highway.
Rambo: Is there a law against me getting something to eat here?
Teasle: Yeah! ME!
Rambo: Why you pushing me?
Teasle: What'd you say?
Rambo: I said why you pushing me? I haven't done anything to you.
Teasle: First of all, you don't ask the questions around here. I do. Understand! Second, we don't want guys like you in this town, drifters. Next thing we know, we got a whole *bunch* of guys like you in this town. THAT'S WHY! Besides, you wouldn't like it here anyway. It's just a quiet little town. In fact you might say it's BORING. But that's the way we like it. I get paid to keep it that way.
Rambo: Yeah, boring.
Trautman: It's good to hear your voice Johnny, it's been a long time. Look John, you've done some damage here, they don't want anymore trouble. That's why I've come. I want to come in there and fly you the hell out. Just you and me. We'll work this thing out together. Is that fair enough?
Rambo: Where did you come from Sir?
Trautman: Bragg.
Rambo: I tried to get in touch with you, but the guys in Bragg never knew where to find you.
Trautman: You know I haven't been spending much time there lately, they've got me down in D.C. I'm shining a seat with my ass.
Rambo: I wish I was back in Bragg now.
Trautman: We'll talk about that when you come in.
Rambo: I can't do that Sir.
Trautman: Look John, we can't have you running around out there killing friendly civilians.
Rambo: There are no friendly civilians!
Trautman: But I'm your friend Johnny! I was there with you knee-deep in all that blood and guts. I covered your ass more than once. Seems like baling you out of trouble's got to be a life-time achievement for me.
Rambo: There wouldn't be no trouble except for that king-shit cop! All I wanted was something to eat. But the man kept pushing Sir.
Trautman: Well you did some pushing on your own John.
Rambo: They drew first blood, not me.
Trautman: Look Johnny, let me come in and get you the hell out of there!
Rambo: They drew first blood...
Trautman: Rambo, are you still reading me? Covey leader to Raven! Rambo! Acknowledge!
Trautman: Company leader to identify Baker Team - Rambo, Messner, Ortega, Coletta, Jorgensen, Danforth, Berry, Krakauer confirm! This is Colonel Trautman. Talk to me, Johnny.
Rambo: They're all gone Sir.
Trautman: Rambo! Are you all right?
Rambo: Baker Team. They're all dead, sir.
Trautman: Not Delmar Berry, he made it.
Rambo: Berry's gone too Sir.
Trautman: How?
Rambo: Got himself killed in 'Nam, didn't even know it. Cancer ate him down to the bone.
Trautman: I'm sorry, I didn't know.
Rambo: I'm the last one Sir.
Trautman: I came to get my boy.
State Police Capt. Dave Kern: *Your BOY*?
Trautman: I recruited him. I trained him. I commanded him for three years in Vietnam. I'd say that makes him mine.
Teasle: They found Rambo's body. As a matter of fact, it stole an army truck. Blew up a gas station the other side of town.
Trautman: The kid is resiliant. Now why don't you forget what you're thinking and clear out while you can?
Deputy Mitch: Why don't you let the state police handle this?
Teasle: Look! Look at him. Look at him! That's Art Galt, boy. He and I were friends when your mama was still wiping your nose! Now he's dead. He's dead because of that psycho out there. Now you listen, boy, and you listen to me good. I'm gonna get that son of a bitch and I'm gonna pin that Congressional Medal of Honor to his liver. And I'm gonna do it with you or without you.
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: Hey, Preston! Make sure you get him behind the ears! Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: What's the matter, Mitch? Don't you like water sports?
Orval: Let's do some huntin'!
Deputy Mitch: Hunting? We ain't huntin' him, he's huntin' us!
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: If you don't fly this thing right, I swear to god I'm going to kill you.
Trautman: Teasle, you and all your men couldn't handle him before what makes you think you can handle him now? Only God knows what damage he's prepared to do.
Deputy Mitch: Gault, what the fuck was that?
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: Well, the man said 'Clean him up.'
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: Clean him up...
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: Hey. If you're looking for trouble, you've come to the right place buddy.
Trautman: You're going to die, Teasle.
Teasle: Everybody dies.
Trautman: You picked the wrong man to push.
Teasle: No, Trautman. HE picked the wrong man!
Trautman: That boy's a *heart attack*! He may be the best the Special Forces ever trained. Anything *you're* gonna throw at him, he's been through a hundred times worse! In WORSE places than this!
Teasle: If he gives you any shit, cite him for obstruction on the spot.
Teasle: You know, wearing that flag on that jacket, looking the way you do, you're asking for trouble around here, friend.
Rambo: Can you tell me if Delmar Berry lives here?
State Police Capt. Dave Kern: Why didn't you leave the kid alone in the first place?
Teasle: Dammit, Dave, you think this kid just waltzed into town, announced he was a Medal Of Honor winner, and then I just leaned on him for the hell of it? I tried to do him a favor, I treated him like he was one of my neighbor's kids. I did my job, Dave, I booked him for vagrancy and resisting arrest.
State Police Capt. Dave Kern: You seem pretty motivated on this one.
Teasle: Why don't you go out there and take a look at what's left of my men? You'll see how motivated I am, Dave, and if that doesn't do it for you why don't you go have a talk with Art Gault's widow?
State Police Capt. Dave Kern: All right, Will, I read you. Listen, I got twenty-five men I can bring up from Monroe.
Teasle: All right Dave, I can use them. We've got a lot of ground to cover.
Deputy Mitch: How blind are you? Can't you see this guy's crazy?
Deputy Sergeant Arthur Gault: Can't you see I don't give a shit?
Teasle: If you want some friendly advice, get a haircut and take a bath. You wouldn't get hassled so much.
Trautman: Setting him up for you? That's like bringing the pigeons to the cat.
Trautman: Covey leader calling Raven. Come on Raven. Covey leader calling Raven. Covey leader to Raven, talk to me, Johnny.
Teasle: Goddammit, what the hell do you think this is? Some kind of a circus?
Orval: My babies can run and eat at the same time!
Deputy Lester: What do you want me to do, Will?
Teasle: I want you to do what I told you to do, Goddammit!     