
Batty: I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time... like tears in rain... Time to die.
Batty: Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it? That's what it is to be a slave.
Gaff: You've done a man's job, sir. I guess you're through, huh?
Deckard: Finished.
Gaff: It's too bad she won't live! But then again, who does?
Tyrell: The facts of life... to make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system is fatal. A coding sequence cannot be revised once it's been established.
Batty: Why not?
Tyrell: Because by the second day of incubation, any cells that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colonies, like rats leaving a sinking ship; then the ship... sinks.
Batty: What about EMS-3 recombination?
Tyrell: We've already tried it - ethyl, methane, sulfinate as an alkylating agent and potent mutagen; it created a virus so lethal the subject was dead before it even left the table.
Batty: Then a repressor protein, that would block the operating cells.
Tyrell: Wouldn't obstruct replication; but it does give rise to an error in replication, so that the newly formed DNA strand carries with it a mutation - and you've got a virus again... but this, all of this is academic. You were made as well as we could make you.
Batty: But not to last.
Tyrell: The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long - and you have burned so very, very brightly, Roy. Look at you: you're the Prodigal Son; you're quite a prize!
Batty: I've done... questionable things.
Tyrell: Also extraordinary things; revel in your time.
Batty: Nothing the God of biomechanics wouldn't let you into heaven for.
Gaff: It's too bad she won't live! But then again, who does?
Batty: Yes!
Batty: Questions... Morphology? Longevity? Incept dates?
Hannibal Chew: Don't know, I don't know such stuff. I just do eyes, ju-, ju-, just eyes... just genetic design, just eyes. You Nexus, huh? I design your eyes.
Batty: Chew, if only you could see what I've seen with your eyes!
Holden: You're in a desert, walking along in the sand, when all of a sudden you look down...
Leon: What one?
Holden: What?
Leon: What desert?
Holden: It doesn't make any difference what desert, it's completely hypothetical.
Leon: But, how come I'd be there?
Holden: Maybe you're fed up. Maybe you want to be by yourself. Who knows? You look down and see a tortoise, Leon. It's crawling toward you...
Leon: Tortoise? What's that?
Holden: You know what a turtle is?
Leon: Of course!
Holden: Same thing.
Leon: I've never seen a turtle... But I understand what you mean.
Holden: You reach down and you flip the tortoise over on its back, Leon.
Leon: Do you make up these questions, Mr. Holden? Or do they write 'em down for you?
Holden: The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping.
Leon: What do you mean, I'm not helping?
Holden: I mean: you're not helping! Why is that, Leon?
Holden: They're just questions, Leon. In answer to your query, they're written down for me. It's a test, designed to provoke an emotional response... Shall we continue?
Tyrell: "More human than human" is our motto.
Deckard: I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life - anybody's life; my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where did I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got? All I could do was sit there and watch him die.
Batty: Fiery the angels fell. Deep thunder rolled around their shoulders... burning with the fires of Orc.
Rachael: Do you like our owl?
Deckard: It's artificial?
Rachael: Of course it is.
Deckard: Must be expensive.
Rachael: Very.
Rachael: I'm Rachael.
Deckard: Deckard.
Rachael: It seems you feel our work is not a benefit to the public.
Deckard: Replicants are like any other machine - they're either a benefit or a hazard. If they're a benefit, it's not my problem.
Deckard: Leon!
Leon: How old am I?
Deckard: I dunno.
Leon: My birthday is April 10, 2017. How long do I live?
Deckard: Four years.
Leon: More than you! Painful to live in fear, isn't it?
Leon: Wake up! Time to die!
Rachael: That Voight-Kampf test of yours. Have you ever tried to take that test yourself?
Deckard: She's a replicant, isn't she?
Tyrell: I'm impressed. How many questions does it usually take to spot them?
Deckard: I don't get it, Tyrell.
Tyrell: How many questions?
Deckard: Twenty, thirty, cross-referenced.
Tyrell: It took more than a hundred for Rachael, didn't it?
Deckard: She doesn't know.
Tyrell: She's beginning to suspect, I think.
Deckard: Suspect? How can it not know what it is?
Batty: Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent. I thought you were supposed to be good. Aren't you the "good" man? C'mon, Deckard. Show me what you're made of.
Rachael: What if I go north? Disappear. Would you come after me? Hunt me?
Deckard: No... No, I wouldn't. I owe you one... But somebody would.
Tyrell: Is this to be an empathy test? Capillary dilation of the so-called blush response? Fluctuation of the pupil. Involuntary dilation of the iris...
Deckard: We call it Voight-Kampff for short.
Batty: Six! Seven! Go to Hell or go to Heaven!
Deckard: Go to Hell!
Batty: GOOD! THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
Rachael: May I ask you a personal question?
Deckard: Sure.
Rachael: Have you ever retired a human by mistake?
Deckard: No.
Rachael: But in your position, that is a risk.
Tyrell: We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.
Deckard: Memories! You're talking about memories!
Off-World Tourism Ad: A new life awaits you in the Off-world colonies! A chance to begin again in a golden land of opportunity and adventure!
Deckard: Shakes? Me too. I get 'em bad. It's part of the business.
Rachael: I'm not in the business... I *am* the business.
Bryant: I need ya, Deck. This is a bad one, the worst yet. I need the old blade runner, I need your magic.
Deckard: I was quit when I come in here, Bryant, I'm twice as quit now.
Bryant: Stop right where you are! You know the score, pal. You're not cop, you're little people!
Deckard: No choice, huh?
Bryant: No choice, pal.
Leon: Wake up! Time to die!
Deckard: Gaff had been there, and let her live. Four years, he figured. He was wrong. Tyrell had told me Rachael was special. No termination date. I didn't know how long we had together... Who does?
Holden: Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about... your mother.
Leon: My mother?
Holden: Yeah.
Leon: Let me tell you about my mother.
Policeman: This sector is closed to ground traffic. What are you doing here?
Deckard: I'm working. What are you doing?
Policeman: Arresting you, that's what I'm doing.
Gaff: Monsieur, azonnal kövessen engem, bitte!
Sushi Master: He say you under arrest, Mister Deckard.
Deckard: Got the wrong guy, pal.
Gaff: Lófaszt! Nehogy már! Te vagy a Blade, Blade Runner!
Sushi Master: He say you blade runner.
Deckard: Tell him I'm eating.
Gaff: Captain Bryant toka. Meni-o mae-yo.
Deckard: Bryant, huh?
Deckard: I have had people walk out on me before, but not... when I was being so charming.
Rachael: I'm not in the business. I am the business.
Deckard: You're reading a magazine. You come across a full-page nude photo of a girl.
Rachael: Is this testing whether I'm a replicant or a lesbian, Mr. Deckard?
Deckard: Remember when you were six? You and your brother snuck into an empty building through a basement window. You were going to play doctor. He showed you his, but when it got to be your turn you chickened and ran; you remember that? You ever tell anybody that? Your mother, Tyrell, anybody? Remember the spider that lived outside your window? Orange body, green legs. Watched her build a web all summer, then one day there's a big egg in it. The egg hatched...
Rachael: The egg hatched...
Deckard: Yeah...
Rachael: ...and a hundred baby spiders came out... and they ate her.
Deckard: Implants. Those aren't your memories, they're somebody else's. They're Tyrell's niece's.
Deckard: O.K., bad joke... I made a bad joke. You're not a replicant. Go home, O.K.? No, really - I'm sorry, go home.
Tyrell: Would you... like to be upgraded?
Batty: I had in mind something a little more radical.
Tyrell: What... what seems to be the problem?
Batty: Death.
Tyrell: Death; ah, well that's a little out of my jurisdiction. You...
Batty: *I want more life, fucker/father!* (IMDb Editor's note: see trivia section for details)
Bryant: They jumped a shuttle off-world, killed the crew and passengers. We found the shuttle drifting off the coast two weeks ago, so we know they're around.
Deckard: Embarrassing.
Bryant: No sir. Not embarrassing, because no one's ever going to find out they're down here. 'Cause you're gonna spot 'em and you're gonna air 'em out!
Deckard: I don't work here anymore. Give it to Holden. He's good.
Bryant: I did. He can breathe okay, as long as nobody unplugs him.
Pris: I think, Sebastian, therefore I am.
Roy: We've got a lot in common.
Sebastian: What do you mean?
Roy: Similar problems.
Pris: Accelerated decrepitude.
Roy: If we don't find help soon, Pris hasn't got long to live. We can't allow that.
Roy: Is he good?
J.F. Sebastian: Who?
Roy: Your opponent.
J.F. Sebastian: Oh, Dr. Tyrell? I've only beaten him once in chess. He's a genius! He designed you.
Roy: Maybe he could help.
J.F. Sebastian: I'd be happy to mention it to him.
Roy: Better if I talk to him in person. But I understand he's a sort of hard man to get to.
J.F. Sebastian: Yes.
Roy: Will you help us?
J.F. Sebastian: I can't.
Pris: We need you, Sebastian. You're our best and only friend.
Deckard: Do you love me?
Rachael: I love you.
Deckard: Do you trust me?
Rachael: I trust you.
Tyrell: I'm surprised you didn't come here sooner.
Batty: It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.
Tyrell: What could he do for you?
Batty: Can the maker repair what he makes?
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen... Taffey Lewis presents... Miss Salome and the snake. Watch her take the pleasures from the serpent... that once corrupted man.
Deckard: Have you felt yourself to be exploited in any way?
Zhora: Like what?
Deckard: Well... well, like to get this job. I mean, did... did you do, or... or were you asked to do anything lewd... or unsavory, or... or, otherwise repulsive to your... your person, huh?
Zhora: Are you for real?
Batty: Gosh, you've... really got some nice toys here.
Pris: Must get lonely here, J.F.
J.F. Sebastian: Not really. I MAKE friends. They're toys. My friends are toys. I make them. It's a hobby. I'm a genetic designer.
Bryant: You could learn from this guy, Gaff. He's a goddamned one-man slaughterhouse, that's what he is. Four more to go!
Deckard: Say "Kiss me".
Rachael: I can't... rely on... my memories...
Deckard: Say "Kiss me".
Rachael: Kiss me.
Deckard: I want you
Rachael: I want you.
Deckard: Again
Rachael: I want you.
Rachael: Put your hands on me.
Batty: Proud of yourself, little man?
Batty: This is for Zhora!
Batty: This is for Pris!
Batty: C'mon, Deckard. I'm right here, but you've gotta shoot straight!
Batty: Straight doesn't seem to be good enough! Now it's my turn! I'm going to give you a few seconds before I come.
Leon: Nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch!
Batty: We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.
Roy: There's only two of us now.
Pris: Then we're stupid and we'll die.
Bryant: This is Zhora. She's trained for an Off-World kick murder squad. Talk about Beauty and the Beast - she's both.
Deckard: Enhance 224 to 176.
Deckard: Enhance. Stop.
Deckard: Move in. Stop.
Deckard: Pull out, track right. Stop.
Deckard: Center and pull back. Stop.
Deckard: Track 45 right. Stop. Center and stop.
Deckard: Enhance 34 to 36.
Deckard: Pan right or-and pull back. Stop.
Deckard: Enhance 34 to 46.
Deckard: Pull back. Wait a minute. Go right. Stop.
Deckard: Enhance 57 to 19. Track 45 left. Stop.
Deckard: Enhance 15 to 23.
Deckard: Gimme a hard copy right there.
Deckard: The report read "Routine retirement of a replicant." That didn't make me feel any better about shooting a woman in the back.
Batty: Did you get your precious photos?
Leon: ... Someone was there.
Batty: Men?
Batty: POLICE men?
Bryant: Christ, Deckard. You look almost as bad as that skin-job you left on the sidewalk.
Deckard: They don't advertise for killers in the newspaper. That was my profession. Ex-cop. Ex-blade runner. Ex-killer.
Deckard: Gaff had been there and let her live. 4 years he figured. He was wrong. Tyrell had told me Rachel was special. No termination date. I didn't know how long we had together. Who does?
Batty: You'd better get it up, or I'm gonna have to kill you!
Bryant: Stop right where you are! You know the score, pal. If you're not cop, you're little people.
Pris: We need you, Sebastian. You're our best and only friend.
Deckard: That's no way to treat a friend.
Female announcer over intercom: Next subject: Kowalski, Leon. Engineer, waste disposal. File section: New employee, six days.
Deckard: Sushi. That's what my ex-wife called me - cold fish.
Tyrell: Commerce is our goal, here. More human than human.
Deckard: I'm from the, uh, Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
Deckard: Fish?
Cambodian lady: I think it was manufactured locally... finest quality... superior workmanship. There is a maker's serial number... 9-9-0-6-9-4-7-X-B-7-1. Interesting. *Not* fish. *Snake* scale!
Deckard: Taffey!
Deckard: I'd like to ask you a few questions.
Taffey Lewis: Blow.
Deckard: You ever buy snakes from the Egyptian, Taffey?
Taffey Lewis: All the time, "pal".
Deckard: You ever see this girl, huh?
Taffey Lewis: Never seen her. Buzz off!
Deckard: Your licenses in order, pal?
Taffey Lewis: Hey Louie, the man is dry. Give him one on the house, OK?
Taffey Lewis: See ya!
Announcer: This announcement is brought to you by the Shimato Dominguez Corporation - helping America into the New World.
Deckard: No choice, huh?
Deckard: No, four! Two, two, four! And noodles.
Bryant: There was an escape from the off-world colonies two weeks ago. Six replicants: three male, three female. They slaughtered 23 people and jumped a shuttle. An aerial patrol spotted the ship off the coast. No crew, no sight of them. Three nights ago, they tried to break into Tyrell Corporation. Two of them got fried running through an electrical field. We lost the others. On the possibility they might try to infiltrate as employees, I had Holden go over and run Voight-Kampff tests on the new workers. Looks like he got himself one. That's Leon. Ammunitions loader on intergalactic runs. He can lift 400-pound atomic loads all day and night. The only way you can hurt him is to kill him.
Deckard: I don't get it. What do they risk coming back to Earth for? That's unusual. Why...? What do they want out of the Tyrell Corporation?
Bryant: Well, you tell me, pal. That's what you're here for.
Batty: That was irrational of you... not to mention unsportsmanlike.
Batty: Time... enough.
Deckard: Deckard. B26354.
Deckard: We're in the clear. Running fast. North on the old Richter route passed the mountains. I told her about Batty on the roof dying, making every second count. I told her I loved her. She told me it was the happiest day of her life. She told me she loved me too. I figured I wouldn't get the headaches or the shakes anymore, not for a while. It was good enough for me, I hope it was good enough for her.
Bear, Kaiser: Home again, home again, jiggidy-jig! Gooood Evening, J.F!
Tyrell: Milk and cookies kept you awake, eh, Sebastian?
Deckard: Is this a real snake?
Zhora: Of course it's not real. You think I would be working in a place like this if I could afford a real snake?
Rachael: Mr. Deckard, Dr. Elden Tyrell.
Tyrell: Demonstrate it. I want to see it work.
Deckard: Where is the subject?
Tyrell: I want to see it work on a person. I want to see a negative before I provide you with a positive.
Deckard: What's that gonna prove?
Tyrell: Indulge me.
Deckard: On you?
Tyrell: Try her.
Roy: That's the spirit!
Rachael: That isn't really my kind of place.
Deckard: Go someplace else?
Bryant: Drink some for me, huh, pal?     