
Ralphie: Ohhhh fuuudge!
Ralphie as an Adult: Only I didn't say "Fudge." I said THE word, the big one, the queen-mother of dirty words, the "F-dash-dash-dash" word!
The Old Man: What did you say?
Ralphie: Uh, um...
The Old Man: That's... what I thought you said. Get in the car... Go on.
Ralphie as an Adult: It was all over - I was dead. What would it be? The guillotine? Hanging? The chair? The rack? The Chinese water torture? Hmmph. Mere child's play compared to what surely awaited me.
Ralphie as an Adult: Only one thing in the world could've dragged me away from the soft glow of electric sex gleaming in the window.
Ralphie as an Adult: Some men are Baptists, others Catholics; my father was an Oldsmobile man.
The Old Man: That son of a bitch would freeze up in the middle of summer on the equator!
Mother: Little pitchers!
The Old Man: Thanks... hold it!
The Old Man: It's a clinker! That blasted stupid furnace dadgummit!
The Old Man: Damn skates!
The Old Man: Oh, for cripes sake, open up the damper will ya? Who the hell turned it all the way down? AGAIN! Oh, blast it! Poop flirt, rattle crap, camel flirt! You blunder frattle beak struckle brat! Of a womp sack butt bottom fodder...
Ralphie as an Adult: In the heat of battle my father wove a tapestry of obscenities that as far as we know is still hanging in space over Lake Michigan.
The Old Man: ...smick melly whop walker! Drop dumb fratten housestickle viper!
Flick: Are you kidding? Stick my tongue to that stupid pole? That's dumb!
Schwartz: That's 'cause you know it'll stick!
Flick: You're full of it!
Schwartz: Oh yeah?
Flick: Yeah!
Schwartz: Well I double-DOG-dare ya!
Ralphie as an Adult: NOW it was serious. A double-dog-dare. What else was there but a "triple dare you"? And then, the coup de grace of all dares, the sinister triple-dog-dare.
Schwartz: I TRIPLE-dog-dare ya!
Ralphie as an Adult: Schwartz created a slight breach of etiquette by skipping the triple dare and going right for the throat!
The Old Man: He looks like a deranged Easter Bunny.
Mother: He does not!
The Old Man: He does too, he looks like a pink nightmare!
Ralphie as an Adult: Next to me in the blackness lay my oiled blue steel beauty. The greatest Christmas gift I had ever received, or would ever receive. Gradually, I drifted off to sleep, pranging ducks on the wing and getting off spectacular hip shots.
Ralphie as an Adult: The old man stood there, quivering with fury, stammering as he tried to come up with a real crusher. All he got out was...
The Old Man: Naddafinga!
Mother: All right. Now, are you ready to tell me where you heard that word?
Ralphie as an Adult: Now, I had heard that word at least ten times a day from my old man. He worked in profanity the way other artists might work in oils or clay. It was his true medium; a master. But, I chickened out and said the first name that came to mind.
Ralphie: Schwartz!
The Old Man: Aaah! "Fra-GEE-leh!" It must be Italian!
Mother: Uh, I think that says FRAGILE, honey.
The Old Man: Huh? Oh, yeah.
Ralphie as an Adult: Over the years I got to be quite a connoisseur of soap. My personal preference was for Lux, but I found Palmolive had a nice, piquant after-dinner flavor - heady, but with just a touch of mellow smoothness. Lifebuoy, on the other hand...
Ralphie: YECCHH!
Ralphie as an Adult: Aunt Clara had for years labored under the delusion that I was not only perpetually 4 years old, but also a girl.
Ralphie as an Adult: Oh my god, I shot my eye out!
Randy: I can't put my arms down!
Mother: Well, put your arms down when you get to school.
Randy: Meatloaf, smeatloaf, double-beatloaf. I hate meatloaf.
The Old Man: All right, I'll get that kid to eat. Where's my screwdriver and my plumber's helper? I'll open up his mouth and I'll shove it in.
Mother: Hello, Mrs. Schwartz? Yes, I'm fine. Uh, Mrs. Schwartz, do you know what Ralph just said?
Mother: No, he said...
Mrs. Schwartz: NO, NOT THAT!
Mother: Yes, that! Do you know where he heard it?
Mrs. Schwartz: Probably from his father.
Mother: No! He heard it from your son!
Mrs. Schwartz: WHAT! WHAT! WHAAAAAAT!
Schwartz: Ah, no! What did I do, Ma? What, I didn't do nothing! AAAAUUUUGGGGHHH!
Ralphie as an Adult: Another shot of mysterious, inexorable, official justice.
Ralphie: I want an official Red Ryder, carbine action, two-hundred shot range model air rifle! Oooohhh!
Mother: No. Shoot your eye out.
Ralphie as an Adult: Meanwhile, I struggled for exactly the right BB gun hint. It had to be firm, but subtle.
Ralphie: Flick says he saw some grizzly bears near Pulaski's candy store!
Ralphie as an Adult: They looked at me as if I had lobsters crawling out of my ears.
The Old Man: Sons of bitches! Bumpuses!
Ralphie: Scut Farkus!
Ralphie as an Adult: Scut Farkus! What a rotten name! We were trapped. There he stood, between us and the alley. Scut Farkus staring out at us with his yellow eyes. He had yellow eyes! So help me, God! Yellow eyes!
Miss Shields: Oh! The theme I've been waiting for all my life. Listen to this sentence: "A Red Ryder BB gun with a compass in the stock, and this thing which tells time". Poetry. Sheer poetry, Ralph! An A+!
Ralphie: Be sure to drink your Ovaltine. Ovaltine? A crummy commercial? Son of a bitch!
Waiter #1, Waiter #2, Waiter #3: Deck the harrs with boughs of horry, fa ra ra ra ra, ra ra ra ra. Tis the season to be jorry, fa ra ra ra ra, ra ra ra ra.
Chinese Father: No, no, no, no, no, no! Not 'ra ra ra ra', 'la la la la'! Sing like this: Deck the halls with boughs of holly, fa la la la la, la la la la! Try again.
Waiter #1, Waiter #2, Waiter #3: Deck the harrs with boughs of horry, fa ra ra ra ra, ra ra ra ra.
Chinese Father: Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. Sing something else.
Waiter #1, Waiter #2, Waiter #3: Jingre berrs, jingre berrs, jingre arr the way. Oh what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sreigh!
The Old Man: Get the glue.
Mother: We're out of glue.
The Old Man: You used up all the glue on purpose!
Ralphie as an Adult: Oh, life is like that. Sometimes, at the height of our revelries, when our joy is at its zenith, when all is most right with the world, the most unthinkable disasters descend upon us.
Santa Claus: What do you want for Christmas, little boy?
Ralphie as an Adult: My mind had gone blank. Frantically, I tried to remember what it was I wanted. I was blowing it, blowing it.
Male Elf: Come on, kid.
Santa Claus: How about a nice football?
Ralphie as an Adult: Football? Football? What's a football? With unconscious will my voice squeaked out.
Santa Claus: Football. Okay, get him out of here.
Ralphie as an Adult: A football? Oh no, what was I doing? Wake up, Stupid! Wake up!
Ralphie: No, no! I want an Official Red Ryder Carbine-Action Two-Hundred-Shot Range Model Air Rifle!
Santa Claus: You'll shoot your eye out, kid.
Santa Claus: Merry Christmas. Ho, ho, ho!
Ralphie: No-o-o-o-o-o-o!
The Old Man: What is the name of the Lone Ranger's nephew's horse?
Mother: Ah... Victor! His name is Victor.
The Old Man: How the hell did you know that?
Mother: Everybody knows that!
Ralphie as an Adult: Christmas had come officially. We plunged into the cornucopia quivering with desire and the ecstasy of unbridled avarice.
The Old Man: Didn't I get a tie this year?
The Old Man: You wart mundane noodle!
Kid with Goggles: I like Santa.
Ralphie: Yeah.
Ralphie as an Adult: Let's face it, most of us are scoffers. But moments before zero hour, it did not pay to take chances.
Ralphie: I was just kidding, even though Schwartz is getting one. I guess I'd just like some Tinker Toys.
Ralphie as an Adult: I couldn't believe my own ears. Tinker Toys? She'd never buy it.
Mother: BB guns are dangerous. I don't want anyone shooting his eye out.
Mother: Randy? What's wrong? What you crying for?
Randy: Daddy's gonna kill Ralphie!
Mother: No, he's not...
Randy: Yes, he is too!
Mother: No, I promise, Daddy is not going to kill Ralphie!
Ralphie as an Adult: With as much dignity as he could muster, the Old Man gathered up the sad remains of his shattered Major Award. Later that night, alone in the backyard, he buried it next to the garage. Now I could never be sure, but I thought that I heard the sound of "Taps" being played, gently.
The Old Man: Don't you touch that! You were always jealous of this lamp.
Mother: Jealous of a plastic...
The Old Man: Jealous! Jealous because I WON.
Mother: That's ridiculous. Jealous. Jealous of WHAT? That is... the ugliest lamp I have ever seen in my entire LIFE!
Ralphie as an Adult: Now it was out.
Ralphie: Hey Dad! I'll bet you'll never guess what I got you for Christmas.
The Old Man: A new furnace.
Ralphie: Ha ha! That's a good one, Dad!
The Old Man: Would you look at that? Would you look at THAT?
Mother: What is it?
The Old Man: It's a leg!
Mother: But what is it?
The Old Man: Well, it's... A leg, you know, like a statue.
Mother: Statue?
The Old Man: Yeah, statue.
Ralphie: Yeah, statue.
Mother: Ralphie!
Ralphie as an Adult: My mother was trying to insinuate herself between us and the statue.
Mother: Randy, how do the little piggies go?
Mother: That's right. Oink, oink! Now show me how the piggies eat.
Mother: This is your trough. Show me how the piggies eat. Be a good boy. Show mommy how the piggies eat.
Mother: Mommy's little piggy!
The Old Man: You filty sicken hook-aid! Oh, smelly wok buster! Grout shell fratten house stickle fifer! You bladder puss nut grafter! Dorton hoper...
Ralphie as an Adult: What happened next was a family controversy for years.
The Old Man: You wart mundane noodle! You shotten shifter paskabah! You snort tonguer! Lame monger snaffa shell cocker!
Ralphie as an Adult: My father worked in profanity the way other artists might work in oils or clay. It was his true medium, a master.
Ralphie as an Adult: The snap of a few sparks, a quick whiff of ozone, and the lamp blazed forth in unparalleled glory.
The Old Man: Oh, look at that! Will you look at that? Isn't that glorious? It's... it's... it's indescribably beautiful! It reminds me of the Fourth of July!
Ralphie: It... It 'twas... soap poisoning!
Ralphie as an Adult: Every family has a kid that won't eat. My little brother had not eaten voluntarily in over three years.
Ralphie as an Adult: I have since heard of people under extreme duress speaking in strange tongues. I became conscious that a steady torrent of obscenities and swearing of all kinds was pouring out of me as I screamed.
Ralphie as an Adult: Grover Dill! Farkus's crummy little toadie. Mean! Rotten! His lips curled over his green teeth. Randy lay there like a slug! It was his only defense!
The Old Man: Don't anybody move! Hold it right there! The fuse is out.
Ralphie as an Adult: My old man could fix a fuse faster than a jack rabbit on a date.
Ralphie as an Adult: My kid brother looked like a tick about to pop!
Santa Claus: If Higbee thinks I'm working one minute past 9:00, he can kiss my foot. Ho ho ho.
The Old Man: Get in the car. Get in the car.
The Old Man: If we don't hurry, we're gonna miss all the good trees!
The Old Man: Go on, go on.
Ralphie as an Adult: My mother was about to make another brilliant maneuver in the legendary battle of the lamp. The epic struggle which follows lives in the folklore of Cleveland Street to this very day.
Mother: Don't want to waste electricity.
The Old Man: "Don't want to waste electricity."
Mother: Come on, Ralphie. Get in the car.
Ralphie as an Adult: There has never been a kid who didn't believe vaguely but incessantly that he would be stricken blind before he reached 21, and then they'd be sorry.
Mother: Ralphie, you're lucky it didn't cut your eye! Those icicles have been known to kill people.
The Old Man: It's a Major Award!
Swede: A Major Award? Shucks, I wouldn't know that. It looks like a lamp.
The Old Man: It is a lamp, you nincompoop, but it's a Major Award. I won it!
Swede: Damn, hell, you say won it?
The Old Man: Yeah, mind power, Swede; mind power.
The Old Man: Dadgummit! Blow out!
The Old Man: Aha!
Mother: Not again.
The Old Man: Four minutes. Time me.
Ralphie as an Adult: Actually the Old Man loved it. He had always pictured himself in the pits of the Indianapolis Speedway in the 500. My old man's spare tires were actually only tires in the academic sense. They were round, they had once been made of rubber.
Ralphie as an Adult: The line waiting to see Santa Claus stretched all the way back to Terre Haute. And I was at the end of it.
The Old Man: A can of Simoniz!
Ralphie: Mom, this is just the same old dumb parade as last year.
Mother: Ralphie, will you please calm down?
Ralphie: Mom!
Mother: Hush!
The Old Man: Shut up, Ralphie!
Ralphie as an Adult: Strange. Even something as momentous as the Scut Farkus affair, which it came to be known, was pushed out of my mind as I struggled to come up with a way out of the impenetrable BB gun web, in which my mother had me trapped.
Ralphie: Santa. Yeah, I'll ask Santa.
Ralphie as an Adult: Of course. Santa. The big man. The head honcho. The connection. Ha, my mother had slipped up this time.
Santa Claus: Come on up on Santa's lap.
Santa Claus: Ahhh, here's a wet one. And what's your name, little boy?
Billy: Billy.
Santa Claus: Oh, boy Billy! And what do you want for Christmas, Billy? A toy truck? Get him off my lap and get me a towel.
Santa Claus: Bye, Billy! Ho ho ho!
Male Elf: Bombs away!
Santa Claus: Oh, I hate the smell of tapioca.
Mother: And this is for Daddy...
Mother: Here, from me to you.
The Old Man: Thanks a lot!
The Old Man: Holy smokes. Do... Do you know what this is? This is... A lamp!
Ralphie as an Adult: It was indeed a lamp.
The Old Man: Isn't that great? What a great lamp.
Mother: I don't know...
Ralphie as an Adult: The old man's eyes boggled...
The Old Man: Oh WOW!
Ralphie as an Adult: ... Overcome by art.
Ralphie: I thought you might like something different.
Ralphie as an Adult: Yes, clearly, a little bribe never hurts.
Ralphie as an Adult: Mothers know nothing about creeping marauders burrowing through the snow toward the kitchen where only you and you alone stand between your tiny, huddled family and insensate evil.
Ralphie as an Adult: Immediately, my feet began to sweat as those two fluffy little bunnies with a blue button eye stared sappily up at me.
Mother: Come down, so I can see you better.
Ralphie as an Adult: I just hope Flick would never spot them as a word of this humiliation could make easier in life at Warren G. Harding School a variatable Hell.
The Old Man: Yes, it's a beautiful duck. It really is. But you see... it's smiling at me.
Chinese Father: Ooohh!
Ralphie as an Adult: That Christmas would live in our memories as the year we were introduced to Chinese turkey.
Kid with Goggles: I like The Wizard of Oz.
Ralphie: Yeah.
Kid with Goggles: I like the Tin Man.
Miss Shields: Now I know that some of you put Flick up to this, but he has refused to say who. But those who did it know their blame, and I'm sure that the guilt you feel is far worse than any punishment you might receive. Now, don't you feel terrible? Don't you feel remorse for what you have done? Well, that's all I'm going to say about poor Flick.
Ralphie as an Adult: Adults loved to say things like that but kids knew better. We knew darn well it was always better not to get caught.
The Old Man: Tonight! Tonight! It's coming Tonight! Tonight! Tonight! Tonight! Hot Damn, Tonight!
Ralphie as an Adult: Preparing to go to school was like getting ready for extended deep-sea diving.
The Old Man: So what else happened today?
Mother: Oh, nothing much. Ralphie had a fight?
The Old Man: A fight? What kind of a fight?
Mother: Oh, you know how boys are. I gave him a talking to...
Mother: Uh I see that the Bears are playing Green Bay on Sunday.
The Old Man: What? Oh yeah! Zudock's got tickets I wish I had. Aw well, let him freeze his keister off out there.
Miss Shields: Where's Flick? Has anyone seen Flick?
Ralphie as an Adult: Flick? Flick who?
Mother: This isn't one of those trees where all the needles falls off, is it?
Christmas Tree Man: No, that's them balsams.
Ralphie as an Adult: The heavenly aroma still hung in the house. But it was gone, all gone! No turkey! No turkey sandwiches! No turkey salad! No turkey gravy! Turkey Hash! Turkey a la King! Or gallons of turkey soup! Gone, ALL GONE!
Mother: Is this another one of your silly puzzles?
The Old Man: Yeah, another one of my silly puzzles. This one could be worth FIFTY THOUSAND BUCKS.
Mother: What is it this time?
The Old Man: Name the great characters in American literature.
Mother: Victor? The Lone Ranger's nephew's horse?
Ralphie as an Adult: C+? Oh no, it CAN'T be!
Ralphie: C+?
Miss Shields: C+! C+! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ralphie as an Adult: Oh, no! "You'll shoot your eye out!"?
Ralphie: Oh, no!
Ralphie as an Adult: My mother must have gotten to Miss Shields! There could be no other explanation!
Miss Shields, Mother: "You'll shoot your eye out! You'll shoot your eye out! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ralphie as an Adult: Was there no end to this conspiracy of irrational prejudice against Red Ryder and his peacemaker?
Ralphie as an Adult: Ho, ho, but no matter. Christmas was on its way. Lovely, glorious, beautiful Christmas, upon which the entire kid year revolved.
Ralphie as an Adult: First-nighters, packed earmuff-to-earmuff, jostled in wonderment before a golden, tinkling display of mechanized, electronic joy!
Ralphie: Well, what have we got here, folks?
The Old Man: Well, we figure it's Black Bart, uh, Ralph.
Ralphie: Well, it's just me and my trusty old Red Ryder carbine-action, 200-shot, range model air rifle. Lucky I got a compass in the stock.
Ralphie as an Adult: Honors and benefits already at the age of nine!
Ralphie as an Adult: Round One was over.
Ralphie as an Adult: Parents one, kids zip. I can feel the Christmas noose beginning to tighten. Maybe, what happened next, was inevitable.
Mother: Ralphie, what would you like for Christmas?
Ralphie as an Adult: Horrified, I heard myself blurt it out!
Ralphie: I want an Official Red Ryder carbine action two-hundred shot range model air rifle.
Ralphie: Ooohhh...
Mother: No, shoot your eye out.
Ralphie as an Adult: Oh, no! It was a classic, mother BB-gun block. "You'll shoot your eye out!" That deadly phrase honored many times by hundreds of mothers was not surmountable by any means known to Kiddom, but such as my mania, my desire for a Red Ryder carbine, that I immediately began to rebuild the dike.
The Old Man: Hold it! Shhh...
The Old Man: Aha! Aha! It's a clinkerrrr! That blasted, stupid furnace! Dadgummit!
The Old Man: Damn skates!
The Old Man: Oh for cripe's sake, open up that damper, will ya? Who the hell turned it all the way down? Hawk head! Aw, blasted poop flirt rattle crap camel flirt. You blonker frattle feet sturckle frat! Of a womp sack butt ratter bottom fodder...
Ralphie as an Adult: In the heat of battle, my father wove a tapestry of obscenity, that as far as we know is still hanging in space over Lake Michigan.
The Old Man: ...smick melly whop walker. Drop dumb fratten house stickle fifer!
The Old Man: All right! Everybody upstairs! Get dressed! We are going out... to eat!
The Old Man: I told you not to use Lifebuoy!
The Old Man: It could be a bowling alley!
Mother: How are they going to deliver a bowling alley here tonight?
The Old Man: They'll send the deed for cripesake. I didn't expect them to send a whole damn bowling alley.
Ralphie as an Adult: My father's spare tires were only tires on the academic sense. They were round,and had once been made of rubber.
Ralphie as an Adult: Randy lay there like a slug! It was his only defense!
Boy in School: Holy cow, it's the fire department!
Ralphie: Oh no...
Boy in School: Wow, it's the cops!
Ralphie: Hey, Dad! I bet you never guess what I got you for Christmas!
The Old Man: A new furnace?
Ralphie: That's a good one, dad!
Ralphie as an Adult: My old man was one of the most feared furnace fighters in Northern Indiana.
The Old Man: Oh, no! The turkey!
The Old Man: Oh, my... God! You sons of - !
The Old Man: SONS OF BITCHES! BUMPUSES!
Head Elf: COME ON, KID!
Head Elf: COME ON!
Santa Claus: Come on up, come on up! HO! HO HO!
Santa Claus: HOOOO... HOOO... HOO... And what's your name little boy?
Head Elf: Hey, kid! Hurry up, the store's closing!
Male Elf: Listen, little boy. We have a lot of people waiting here, so get going.
Schwartz: Hey, smart ass. I asked my old man about sticking your tongue to a flagpole in the winter, and he says that it'll freeze right to the pole, just like I told ya.
Flick: Ah, baloney. What would your old man know about anything?
Schwartz: He knows, because he once saw a guy stick his tongue to a railroad track on a bet, and the fire department had to come get the guy's tongue off the track, because he couldn't get it off.
Randy: C'mon, guys! Wait up! C'mon, guys! Wait up!
Man in Line for Santa: Young man? Hey, kid? Just where do you think you're going?
Ralphie: Going up to see Santa.
Man in Line for Santa: The line ENDS here. It begins THERE.
Ralphie: Oh, no.
Ralphie as an Adult: I left Flick to certain annihilation. But BB gun mania knows no loyalty.
Mother: Randy, will you eat? There are starving people in China!
The Old Man: You know, Zudock just bought one of those brand-new green plastic trees.
Christmas Tree Man: Oh, no!
The Old Man: Darn thing looked like it was made of green pipe cleaners. Hee hee hee hee.
Mother: It's a very nice tree.
Christmas Tree Man: I'll thrown in some rope and tie it to your car for you.
The Old Man: You got a deal.
Christmas Tree Man: Deal.
Ralphie as an Adult: Was there no end to the conspiracy of irrational prejudice against Red Ryder and his peacemaker?
Ralphie as an Adult: I slowly began to realize that i was not going to be destroyed.
Ralphie as an Adult: Downtown Hohman was preparing for this yearly baccanalia of peace on Earth and goodwill to men.
The Old Man: I had one when I was eight years old.
Mother: What if he hurts himself?
The Old Man: They traded Bullfrog? I don't believe it.
Mother: What's that?
The Old Man: Well for cripe's sake, the Sox traded Bullfrog the only player they've got, for Shottenhoffer. Four eyes Shottenhoffer, utility infielder. Got a whole lot of damn team of utility infielders.
Mother: That's nice.
Mother: Here.
Mother: From me to you.
The Old Man: Thanks a lot!
The Old Man: I wonder what it could be.
The Old Man: It's a blue ball. Aw, it's a bowling ball.
Scut Farkus: Say "Uncle"!
Schwartz: Uncle!
Scut Farkus: Uncle.
Schwartz: Uncle!
Scut Farkus: Louder!
Schwartz: Uncle!
Scut Farkus: LOUDER!
Schwartz: Uncle!
Scut Farkus: Louder!
Schwartz: UNCLE!
Ralphie as an Adult: In our world, you were either a bully, a toady, or one of the nameless rabble of victims.
Grover Dill: Alright, who's next?
Flick: Do you know what I'm getting for my old man for Christmas?
Schwartz, Ralphie: Yeah, what?
Flick: A rose that squirts. People come to smell it, it squirts them.
Schwartz: I'm getting my old man a Flit gun.
Ralphie: A Flit gun?
Schwartz: Yeah.
Grover Dill: Stop right there.
Ralphie: Who, me?
Grover Dill: Yeah, you! Get over there!
Ralphie: I can't now, Grover. I've... I've gotta go see Miss Shields.
Grover Dill: Hey, come here! Get back here!
Scut Farkus: Yeah, you get back here! Come back here!
Scut Farkus: You... come here.
Flick: Who, me?
Grover Dill: No, your Aunt Tilly. Yeah, you. Get over here!
Flick: Uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle.
Flick: UNCLE! UNCLE!
Black Bart: Okay, Ralphie. You win this time. But, we'll be back.
Ralphie: Come on, mom! We're gonna be late!
Mother: Sorry, Ralph.
Ralphie as an Adult: Ah, there it is. My house, and good old Cleveland Street. How could I ever forget it? And there I am, with that dumb round face and that stupid stocking cap. Oh, but no matter. Christmas was on its way. Lovely, glorious, beautiful Christmas, around which the entire kid year revolved.
Scut Farkus: Listen, jerk! When I tell you to come, you better come.
Scut Farkus: What, you're gonna cry now? Come on, crybaby! Cry for me, come on! CRY!
Ralphie as an Adult: Deep within the recesses of my brain, a tiny red hot little flame began to grow.
Ralphie as an Adult: My mother hadn't had a hot meal for herself in fifteen years.
Chinese Father: No, no, no! Stop, stop, stop! Kitchen; bring food.
Ralphie: You dork no-good damn knuckle, fanged dongs stinking bitch!     