
Marion: You're not the man I knew ten years ago.
Indiana: It's not the years, honey, it's the mileage.
Indiana: Meet me at Omar's. Be ready for me. I'm going after that truck.
Sallah: How?
Indiana: I don't know. I'm making this up as I go.
Indiana: Do we need the monkey?
Marion: I'm surprised at you. Talking that way about our baby. He's got your looks, too.
Indiana: And your brains.
Marion: Yes she does! She's very smart.
Sallah: Indy, why does the floor move?
Indiana: Give me your torch.
Indiana: Snakes. Why'd it have to be snakes?
Sallah: Asps... very dangerous. You go first.
Maj. Eaton: We have top men working on it right now.
Indiana: Who?
Maj. Eaton: Top... men.
Marion: You can't do this to me, I'm an AMERICAN.
Indiana: I can only say I'm sorry so many times.
Marion: Well, say it again anyway!
Indiana: Sorry.
Indiana: THERE'S A BIG SNAKE IN THE PLANE, JOCK!
Jock: Oh, that's just my pet snake Reggie!
Indiana: I HATE SNAKES, JOCK! I HATE 'EM!
Jock: Come on! Show a little backbone, will ya!
Belloq: How odd that it should end this way for us after so many stimulating encounters. I almost regret it. Where shall I find a new adversary so close to my own level?
Indiana: Try the local sewer.
Brody: Marion's the least of your worries right now, believe me, Indy.
Indiana: What do you mean?
Brody: Well, I mean that for nearly three thousand years man has been searching for the lost ark. It's not something to be taken lightly. No one knows its secrets. It's like nothing you've ever gone after before.
Indiana: Oh, Marcus. What are you trying to do, scare me? You sound like my mother. We've known each other for a long time. I don't believe in magic, a lot of superstitious hocus pocus. I'm going after a find of incredible historical significance, you're talking about the boogie man. Besides, you know what a cautious fellow I am.
Maj. Eaton: Good God!
Brody: Yes, that's what the Hebrews thought.
Indiana: Whiskey
Indiana: Give me the whip.
Satipo: Throw me the idol.
Satipo: No time to argue! Throw me idol, I'll throw you the whip!
Indiana: Give me the whip!
Satipo: Adiós, señor.
Indiana: The Ark of the Covenant, the chest that the Hebrews used to carry around the Ten Commandments.
Major Eaton: What, you mean THE Ten Commandments?
Indiana: Yes, the actual Ten Commandments, the original stone tablets that Moses brought down from Mt. Horeb and smashed, if you believe in that sort of thing...
Indiana: Didn't any of you guys ever go to Sunday school?
Sallah: Indy, there is something that troubles me.
Indiana: What is it?
Sallah: The Ark. If it is there, at Tanis, then it is something that man was not meant to disturb. Death has always surrounded it. It is not of this earth.
Indiana: Marion, don't look at it. Shut your eyes, Marion. Don't look at it, no matter what happens!
Indiana: Hello, Marion.
Marion: Indiana Jones. I always knew some day you'd come walking back through my door. I never doubted that. Something made it inevitable. So, what are you doing here in Nepal?
Indiana: I need one of the pieces your father collected.
Marion: I've learned to hate you in the last ten years!
Indiana: I never meant to hurt you.
Marion: I was a child. I was in love. It was wrong and you knew it!
Indiana: You knew what you were doing.
Marion: Now I do. This is my place. Get out!
Marion: He said you were a bum.
Indiana: Aw, he's being generous.
Marion: The most gifted bum he ever trained. You know, he loved you like a son... took a hell of a lot for you to alienate him.
Indiana: Not much... just you.
Indiana: Here, take this,
Indiana: Wave it at anything that slithers.
Marion: The whole place is slitherin'!
Marion: Indy!
Indiana: Indiana: Belloq.
Belloq: Good afternoon, Dr. Jones.
Indiana: I oughta kill you right now.
Belloq: Not a very private place for a murder.
Indiana: Well, these guys don't care if we kill each other. They're not going to interfere in our business.
Belloq: It was not I who brought the girl into this business. Please, sit down before you fall down. We can at least behave like civilized people.
Belloq: I see your taste in friends remains consistent. How odd that it should end this way for us, after so many stimulating encounters. I almost regret it. Where shall I find a new adversary so close to my own level?
Indiana: Try the local sewer.
Belloq: You and I are very much alike. Archaeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the purer faith. Out methods have not differed as much as you pretend. I am a shadowy reflection of you. It would take only a nudge to make you like me, to push you out of the light.
Indiana: Now you're getting nasty.
Belloq: You know it's true. How nice. Look at this.
Belloq: It's worthless. Ten dollars from a vendor in the street. But I take it, I bury it in the sand for a thousand years, it becomes priceless... like the Ark. Men will kill for it. Men like you and me.
Indiana: What about your boss, der Fuhrer? I thought he was waiting to take possession.
Belloq: All in good time. When I am finished with it. Jones, do you realize what the Ark is? It's a transmitter. It's a radio for speaking to God. And it's within my reach.
Indiana: You want to talk to God? Let's go see him together. I've got nothing better to do.
Belloq: Next time, Dr. Jones, it'll take more than children to save you.
Satipo: Let us hurry. There is nothing to fear here.
Indiana: That's what scares me.
Marion: Well, Jones, at least you haven't forgotten how to show a lady a good time.
Indiana: Boy, you're something!
Marion: Yeah? I'll tell you what: until I get back my five thousand dollars, you're gonna get more than you bargained for. I'm your goddamn partner!
Belloq: You and I are very much alike. Archeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the pure faith. Our methods have not differed as much as you pretend. I am but a shadowy reflection of you. It would take only a nudge to make you like me. To push you out of the light.
Indiana: Now you're getting nasty.
Toht: Good evening, Fraulein.
Marion: The bar's closed.
Toht: We are... hehe... not thirsty.
Marion: We never seem to get a break, do we?
Indiana: Where'd you get that?
Marion: From him.
Indiana: Who 'him'?
Marion: Katanga. I got a feeling I'm not the first woman to travel with these pirates.
Brody: However, an Egyptian pharaoh...
Indiana: Shishak.
Brody: ...yes, invaded the city of Jerusalem round about 980 B.C., and he may have take the Ark back to the city of Tanis and hidden it in a secret chamber called The Well of Souls.
Major Eaton: Secret chamber?
Brody: However, about a year after the pharaoh had returned to Egypt, the city of Tanis was consumed by the desert in a sand storm which lasted a whole year. Wiped clean by the wrath of God.
Major Eaton: Uh... huh.
Colonel Musgrove: Obviously, we've come to the right men. Now you seem to know, uh, all about this Tanis, then.
Indiana: No, no, not really. Ravenwood is the real expert. Abner did the first serious work on Tanis. Collected some of its relics. It was his obsession, really. But he never found the city.
Major Eaton: Frankly, we're somewhat suspicious of Mr. Ravenwood, an American being mentioned so prominently in a secret Nazi cable.
Brody: Oh, rubbish. Ravenwood's no Nazi.
Colonel Musgrove: Well, what do the Nazis want him for then?
Indiana: Well, obviously, the Nazis are looking for the headpiece to Staff of Ra and they think Abner's got it.
Major Eaton: What exactly is a headpiece to the Staff of Ra?
Indiana: Well, the staff is just a stick. I don't know, about this big. Nobody really knows for sure how high. And it's...
Indiana: it's, uh... it's capped with an elaborate headpiece in the shape of the sun with a crystal in the center. And what you did was, you take the staff to a special room in Tanis, a map room with a miniature of the city all laid out on the floor. And if you put the staff in a certain place at a certain time of day, the sun shone through here and made beam that came down on the floor here... and gave you the exact location of the Well of the Souls.
Colonel Musgrove: Where the Ark of the Covenant was kept, right?.
Indiana: That's exactly what the Nazis are looking for.
Major Eaton: Now what does this Ark look like?
Indiana: Uh... there's a picture of it right here.
Indiana: That's it.
Major Eaton: Good God!
Brody: Yes, that's just what the Hebrews thought.
Colonel Musgrove: Uh, now what's that supposed to be coming out of there?
Indiana: Lightning. Fire. Power of God or something.
Major Eaton: I'm beginning to understand Hitler's interest in this.
Brody: Oh, yes. The Bible speaks of the Ark leveling mountains and laying waste to entire regions. An army which carries the Ark before it... is invincible.
Sallah: Indy, you have no time. If you still want the ark, it is being loaded onto a truck for Cairo.
Indiana: Truck? What truck?
Belloq: All your life has been spent in pursuit of archaeological relics. Inside the Ark are treasures beyond your wildest aspirations. You want to see it opened as well as I. Indiana, we are simply passing through history. This, this *is* history.
Sallah: Oh, my friends! I'm so pleased you're not dead!
Toht: Your fire is dying... here, why don't you tell me where the piece is right now?
Marion: Listen, Herr Mac, I don't know what kind of people you're used to dealing with, but nobody tells me what to do in my place.
Toht: Fräulein Ravenwood, let me show you what I am used to...
Indiana: Stay here.
Satipo: If you insist, señor.
Belloq: Dr. Jones. Again we see there is nothing you can possess which I cannot take away. And you thought I'd given up.
Belloq: You chose the wrong friends. This time it will cost you.
Indiana: Too bad the Hovitos don't know you the way I do, Belloq.
Belloq: Yes, too bad. You could warn them... if only you spoke Hovitos.
Colonel Musgrove: Now, what's that supposed to be coming out of there?
Indiana: Lightning. Fire. The power of God or something.
Major Eaton: I'm beginning to understand Hitler's interest in this.
Katanga: Jones is dead. I killed him. He was of no use to us. This girl, however, has certain value where we're headed. She'll bring a very fine price. Herr Colonel - that cargo you've taken - if it's your goal, go in peace with it, but leave us the girl. It will reduce our loss on this trip.
Dietrich: Savage! You are not in a position to ask for anything. We will take what we wish, and then decide whether or not to blow your ship from the water.
1st Mechanic: Hey, thin man! Come here! Come here! Come here! Come on, fight! Boy, come down! Down now!
Belloq: Look at this. It's worthless - ten dollars from a vendor in the street. But I take it, I bury it in the sand for a thousand years, it becomes priceless. Like the Ark.
Marion: What do you want?
Toht: Ah, the same thing your friend Dr. Jones wanted. Surely he mentioned there would be other interested parties?
Marion: Must have slipped his mind.
Toht: The man is nefarious. I hope for your sake that he has not yet acquired it.
Marion: Why, are you willing to offer more?
Toht: Oh, almost certainly. Do you still have it?
Marion: No.
Major Eaton: Doctor Jones, we've heard a lot about you.
Indiana: Have you?
Major Eaton: Professor of Archeology, expert on the occult, and how does one say it... obtainer of rare antiquities.
Indiana: That's one way of saying it. Why don't you sit down, you'll be more comfortable.
Colonel Musgrove: Yes, you're a man of many talents.
Major Eaton: Now, you studied under Professor Ravenwood at the University of Chicago.
Indiana: Yes, I did.
Major Eaton: You have no idea of his present whereabouts?
Indiana: Only rumors, really. Somewhere in Asia, I think. I haven't really spoken to him in ten years. We were friends once, but we had a bit of a falling out, I'm afraid.
Colonel Musgrove: Now, Doctor Jones, you must understand that this is all completely confidential.
Indiana: I understand.
Colonel Musgrove: Yesterday afternoon, our European section intercepted a German communique that was sent from Cairo to Berlin.
Major Eaton: You see, for the last two years, the Nazis have had teams of archaeologists running around the world looking for all sorts of religious artifacts. Hitler's a nut on the subject. He's crazy. He's obsessed with the occult. And right now, apparently, there is some kind of German archaeological dig going on in the desert outside Cairo.
Colonel Musgrove: Now, we have some information here, but we can't make anything out of it and maybe you can. "Tanis development proceeding. Acquire headpiece, Staff of Ra, Abner Ravenwood, US."
Indiana: The Nazis have discovered Tanis!
Major Eaton: Now just what does that mean to you... 'Tanis'?
Indiana: Tanis is one of the possible resting places of the Lost Ark.
Colonel Musgrove: The Lost Ark?
Indiana: Yeah, the Ark of the Covenant. The chest the Hebrews used to carry the Ten Commandments around in.
Major Eaton: Alright now, what do you mean the Ten Commandments, you're talking about THE Ten Commandments?
Indiana: Yes, the actual Ten Commandments. The original stone tablets that Moses brought down out of Mount Horeb and smashed, if you believe in that sort of thing. Didn't you guys ever go to Sunday School? Look, the Hebrews took the broken pieces and put them into the Ark. When they settled in Canaan, they put the Ark in a place called The Temple of Solomon, where it stayed for many years, till all of a sudden... whoosh, it was gone.
Major Eaton: Where?
Indiana: Nobody knows where or when.
Toht: We meet again, Fraulein. You Americans, you're all the same. Always overdressing for the wrong occasions.
Indiana: Balloq's medallion only had writing on one side? You sure about that?
Sallah: Positive!
Indiana: Balloq's staff is too long.
Indiana, Sallah: They're digging in the wrong place!
Marion: Hey, what happened? You don't look very happy.
Indiana: Fools. Bureaucratic fools!
Marion: What'd they say?
Indiana: They don't know what they've got there.
Marion: Well, I know what I've got here. Come on. I'll buy you a drink. You know, a drink?
Toht: Now... what shall we talk about?
Katanga: Mr. Jones! I've heard a lot about you, sir. Your appearance is exactly the way I imagined.
Indiana: Adios, Satipo...
Indiana: I knew the Germans had hired you, Sallah. You're the best digger in Egypt.
Sallah: My services are entirely inconsequential to them. They hired or shanghaied every digger in Cairo. The excavation is enormous. They hire only strong backs and they pay pennies for them. It's as if the pharaohs have returned.
Sallah: Bad dates.
Marion: Wait, wait! I can be reasonable!
Toht: That time has passed.
Marion: You don't need that. I'll tell you everything!
Toht: Yes, I know you will.
Marion: What is this stuff, Rene?
Belloq: I grew up on this. It's my family label.
Marion: We-he-he-ell, I have to be going now, Rene.
Belloq: Ta-ta.
Marion: I like you, Rene, very much. Perhaps we'll meet again under better circumstances.
Indiana: This site also demonstrates one of the great dangers of archaeology; not to life and limb, although that does sometimes take place. I'm talking about folklore.
Indiana: I'm gonna blow up the Ark, Rene.
Belloq: Your persistence surprises even me. You're going to give mercenaries a bad name.
Dietrich: Dr. Jones. Surely you don't think you can escape from this island?
Indiana: That depends on how reasonable we're all willing to be! All I want is the girl!
Dietrich: If we refuse?
Indiana: Then your Führer has no prize!
Indiana: Okay, stand back. All of you, stand back. Get back.
Indiana: Okay, Jones. You win. Blow it up.
Indiana: Yes, blow it up! Blow it back to God. All your life has been spent in pursuit of archaeological relics. Inside the Ark are treasures beyond your wildest aspirations. You want to see it open as well as I. Indiana, we are simply passing through history. This...
Indiana: This *is* history. Do as you will.
Belloq: It's a transmitter, a radio for speaking to God.
Messenger Pirate: I can't find Mr. Jones, Captain. I've looked everywhere.
Katanga: He has to be here somewhere. Look again.
Messenger Pirate: I found him.
Katanga: Where?
Messenger Pirate: There!
Indiana: This is it... This is where Forrestal cashed in.
Satipo: A friend of yours?
Indiana: A competitor... he was good. He was very good.
Imam: This were the old way, this says "six Kadan height - "
Indiana: About seventy-two inches.
Imam: Wait!
Imam: "And take back one Kadan, to honor the Hebrew God whose ark this is."
Belloq: Who knows. Perhaps the Ark is still waiting in some antechamber for us to discover. Perhaps there's some vital bit of evidence which eludes us. Perhaps...
Gobler: Perhaps the girl can help us.
Dietrich: My feeling exactly. She was in possession of the original piece for years. She may know much if... properly motivated.
Belloq: I tell you the girl knows nothing.
Dietrich: I am surprised to find you squeamish. That is not your reputation. Anyway, it needn't concern you. I have the perfect man for this kind of work.
Toht: Heil Hitler.
Dietrich: Get the Ark away from this place immediately! Have it put on the truck! We will fly it out of Cairo! And Gobler, I want plenty of protection!
Gobler: Jawohl, Herr Ob...
Belloq: Jones!
Dietrich: Doctor Jones, surely you don't think you can escape from this island?
Indiana: That depends on how reasonable we're all willing to be. All I want is the girl.
Dietrich: And if we refuse?
Indiana: Then your Führer has no prize.
Toht: Shoot them. Shoot them both.
Belloq: I told you not to be premature in your communique to Berlin. Archeology is not an exact science. It does not deal in time schedules!
Dietrich: The Fuhrer is not a patient man. He demands constant reports. You led me to believe...
Belloq: Nothing! I made no promises! I merely said it looked very favorable. Besides, with the information in our possession, my calculations were correct.
Major Eaton: Professor of archeology, expert on the occult, and how does one say it? Obtainer of rare antiquities.
Belloq: Hello! Hello! Why, Dr. Jones, whatever are you doing in such a nasty place?
Indiana: Why don't you come on down here, and I'll show ya?
Belloq: Thank you, my friend, but I think we are all very comfortable up here. Yes, indeed. We are all very quite comfortable up here. So once again, Jones, what was briefly yours is now mine. What a fitting end to your life's pursuits. You're about to become a permanent addition to this archaeological find. Who knows? In a thousand years, even you may be worth something.
Indiana: Indiana: Son of a bitch!
Belloq: I'm afraid we must be going now, Dr. Jones.
Dietrich: Our prize is awaited in Berlin. Yes... we are finished here with everything. But we do not wish to leave you down in that awful place... all alone.
Belloq: The girl was mine!
Dietrich: She's of no use to us. Only your mission for the Führer matters.
Satipo: The Hovitos are near.
Satipo: The poison is still fresh, three days. They're following us.
Barranca: If they knew we were here, they would have killed us already.     