
Teacher: If ya don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding! How can ya have any pudding if ya don't eat ya meat?
Teacher: What have we here, laddie? Mysterious scribblings? A secret code? No! Poems, no less! Poems, everybody!
Teacher: The laddie reckons himself a poet!
Teacher: "Money, get back / I'm all right, Jack / Keep your hands off my stack / New car / Caviar / Four-star daydream / Think I'll buy me a football team."
Teacher: Absolute rubbish, laddie.
Teacher: Get on with your work.
Hotel Manager: He's a maniac!
Rock and Roll Manager: He's an ARTIST!
Judge Arse: The evidence before the court is incontrovertible, there's no need for the jury to retire! In all my years of judging, I have never heard before some one more deserving of the full penalty of law! The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother, fills me with the urge to DEFECATE! Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear, I sentence you to be exposed before your peers. TEAR DOWN THE WALL!
Pink: Are there any queers in the audience tonight? Get 'em up against the wall! That one in the spotlight, he don't look right! Get him up against the wall! And that one looks Jewish... and that one's a coon! Who let all this riff raff into the room? That one's smoking a joint! And that one's got spots! If I had my way, I'd have all of you shot!
Pink: We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom. Teacher, leave them kids alone. Hey, teachers, leave them kids alone! All in all, it's just another brick in the wall. All in all, you're just another brick in the wall.
Pink: Is there anybody out there?
Groupie: Oh my God... what a fabulous room. Are all these your guitars?
Groupie: God, this place is bigger than our whole apartment.
Groupie: You like the tube, huh? Can I get a drink of water? Can I get YOU a drink of water?
Groupie: Oh, wow! Look at this tub? Wanna take a bath?
Groupie: What are you watching? Hello?
Groupie: Hey, are you feeling okay?
Rock and Roll Manager: Fuck me! He's gone completely around the bleedin' twist!
Rock and Roll Manager: You vicious bastard, you never did like me, did you?
Prosecutor: Good morning, Worm, Your Honor! / The crown will testify that the prisoner who stands before you / Was caught red-handed showing feelings / Showing feelings of an almost human nature / This will not do.
Pink: Daddy's flown across the ocean. Leaving just a memory. A snapshot in the family album. Daddy, what else did you leave for me? Daddy, what'd ya leave behind for me? All in all, it was just a brick in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
Mother: Hush now baby, baby, don't you cry / Mother's gonna make all of your nightmares come true / Mother's gonna put all of her fears into you / Mother's gonna keep you right here under her wing / She won't let you fly, but she might let you sing / Mama will keep baby cozy and warm / Ooooh babe, ooooh babe, oooooh babe / Of course Mama's gonna help build the wall.
Pink: I don't need no arms around me. And I don't need no drugs to calm me. I have seen the writing on the wall. Don't think I need anything at all. No! Don't think I'll need anything at all. All at all, it was all just bricks in the wall. All in all, you were all just bricks in the wall.
Pink: TAKE THAT, FUCKERS!
Pink: Stop! I wanna go home, take off this uniform, and leave the show. I'm waiting in this cell because I have to know... have I been guilty all this time?
Pink's Wife: Hello? Hello? Is there anybody in there?
Pink's Wife: Do you remember me? I'm the one from the registry office.
Pink: So ya, thought ya might like to, go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow. Tell me is something eluding you sunshine? Is this not what you expected to see? If you wanna find out what's behind these cold eyes, you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise!
Teacher: Wrong! Do it again!
Pink: STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!     