
Tony Montana: You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend!
Tony Montana: I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.
Tony Montana: What you lookin' at? You all a bunch of fuckin' assholes. You know why? You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be? You need people like me. You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers and say, "That's the bad guy." So... what that make you? Good? You're not good. You just know how to hide, how to lie. Me, I don't have that problem. Me, I always tell the truth. Even when I lie. So say good night to the bad guy! Come on. The last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again, let me tell you. Come on. Make way for the bad guy. There's a bad guy comin' through! Better get outta his way!
Tony Montana: I'm Tony Montana! You fuck with me, you fuckin' with the best!
Tony Montana: I never fucked anybody over in my life didn't have it coming to them. You got that? All I have in this world is my balls and my word and I don't break them for no one. Do you understand? That piece of shit up there, I never liked him, I never trusted him. For all I know he had me set up and had my friend Angel Fernandez killed. But that's history. I'm here, he's not. Do you wanna go on with me, you say it. You don't, then you make a move.
Tony Montana: You know what? Fuck you! How about that?
Frank Lopez: Lesson number one: Don't underestimate the other guy's greed!
Elvira Hancock: Lesson number two: Don't get high on your own supply.
Tony Montana: You know what capitalism is? Getting fucked!
Tony Montana: This is paradise, I'm tellin' ya. This town like a great big pussy just waiting to get fucked.
Tony Montana: The only thing in this world that gives orders... is balls.
Tony Montana: Me, I want what's coming to me.
Manny Ribera: Oh, well what's coming to you?
Tony Montana: The world, chico, and everything in it.
Tony Montana: Go ahead! I take your fucking bullets! You think you kill me with bullets? I take your fucking bullets! Go ahead!
Frank Lopez: Tony, don't kill me, please!
Tony Montana: I ain't gonna kill you.
Frank Lopez: Oh Christ, thank you! Thank you!
Tony Montana: Manolo, shoot that piece of shit!
Tony Montana: In this country, you gotta make the money first. Then when you get the money, you get the power. Then when you get the power, then you get the women.
Tony Montana: Who put this thing together? Me, that's who! Who do I trust? Me!
Tony Montana: Every dog has his day.
Tony Montana: Is this it? That's what it's all about, Manny? Eating, drinking, fucking, sucking? Snorting? Then what? You're 50. You got a bag for a belly. You got tits, you need a bra. They got hair on them. You got a liver, they got spots on it, and you're eating this fuckin' shit, looking like these rich fucking mummies in here... Look at that. A junkie. I got a fuckin' junkie for a wife. She don't eat nothing. Sleeps all day with them black shades on. Wakes up with a Quaalude, and who won't fuck me 'cause she's in a coma. I can't even have a kid with her, Manny. Her womb is so polluted, I can't even have a fuckin' little baby with her!
Tony Montana: Okay Sosa; You wanna fuck with me? You fucking with the best! You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You little cockroaches... come on. You wanna play games? Okay, I play with you; come on. Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend!
Hector the Toad: You want to give me the cash, or do I kill your brother first... before I kill you?
Tony Montana: Why don't you try sticking your head up your ass? See if it fits.
Tony Montana: Hey, baby, what is your problem? Huh, you got a problem? You're good looking, you got a beautiful body, beautiful legs, beautiful face, all these guys in love with you. Only you got a look in your eye like you haven't been fucked in a year!
Elvira Hancock: Hey, Jose. Who, why, when, and how I fuck is none of your business, okay?
Mel Bernstein: Every day above ground is a good day.
Tony Montana: Bet you feel good, huh? Bet you feel good to kill a mother and her kids, huh, bet you feel *big*...
Alberto the Shadow: Shut your mouth!
Tony Montana: ...Like, you big man. Well, fuck you. What do you think I am? You think I'd kill two kids and a woman? Fuck that! I don't need that shit in my life.
Tony Montana: You die, motherfucker!
Tony Montana: What'd you think of that, huh? What you think, I'm a fucking worm like you? I told you, man, I told you! Don't fuck with me! I told you, no fucking kids! No, but you wouldn't listen, why, you stupid fuck, look at you now.
Immigration Officer #2: So where's your old man now?
Tony Montana: He dead. He die. Sometime. Somewhere.
Immigration Officer #2: Mother?
Tony Montana: She dead too.
Immigration Officer #1: What kind of work you do in Cuba, Tony?
Tony Montana: Ah, you know, things. I was, uh... This, that. Construction business. I work a lot with my hands. Before that, I was in the army.
Immigration Officer #1: Any family in the States, Tony? Any brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, brother-in-law... anybody?
Tony Montana: Nobody. Everybody's dead.
Immigration Officer #1: Have you ever been to jail in Cuba, Tony?
Tony Montana: Me? Jail? No way. No.
Immigration Officer #1: Been in a mental hospital?
Tony Montana: Oh, yeah. On the boat coming over.
Tony Montana: Okay, come on.
Manny Ribera: What about Ernie?
Tony Montana: You want a job, Ernie?
Ernie: Sure, Tony.
Tony Montana: The World Is Yours!
Alejandro Sosa: I only tell you once. Don't fuck me, Tony. Don't you ever try to fuck me.
Tony Montana: You wanna waste my time? Okay. I call my lawyer. He's the best lawyer in Miami. He's such a good lawyer, that by tomorrow morning, you gonna be working in Alaska. So dress warm.
Frank Lopez: Hey, Tony. Remember when I told you when you first started working for me, the guys that last in this business, are the guys who fly straight. Low-key, quiet. But the guys who want it all, chicas, champagne, flash... they don't last.
Tony Montana: You finished? Can I go?
Frank Lopez: Yes, I'm finished.
Tony Montana: Chi Chi, get the yeyo.
Tony Montana: Manny, look at the pelican fly. Come on, pelican!
Tony Montana: You a communist? Huh? How'd you like it, man? They tell you all the time what to do, what to think, what to feel. Do you wanna be like a sheep? Like all those other people? Baah! Baah!
Immigration Officer #3: I don't have to listen to this bullshit!
Tony Montana: You wanna work eight, ten fucking hours? You own nothing, you got nothing! Do you want a chivato on every corner looking after you? Watching everything you do? Everything you say, man? Do you know I eat octopus three times a day? I got fucking octopus coming out of my fucking ears. I got the fuckin' Russian shoes my feet's comin' through. How you like that? What, you want me to stay there and do nothing? Hey, I'm no fuckin' criminal, man. I'm no puta or thief. I'm Tony Montana, a political prisoner from Cuba. And I want my fuckin' human rights, now!
Tony Montana: Just like the President Jimmy Carter says. Okay?
Immigration Officer #1: Carter should see this human right. He's really good. What do you say, Harry?
Immigration Officer #3: I don't believe a word of this shit! They all sound the same to me. That son of a bitch Castro is shittin' all over us. Send this bastard to Freedom Town. Let them take a look at him. Get him outta here.
Tony Montana: You know somethin'? You can send me anywhere. Here, there, this, that; it don't matter. There's nothing you can do to me that Castro has not done.
Immigration Officer #3: Get him outta here!
Tony Montana: Hey, Frank, you're a piece of shit.
Frank Lopez: What are you talking about?
Tony Montana: You know what I'm taking about about, you fucking cockroach.
Tony Montana: Okay, here's the story. I come from the gutter. I know that. I got no education... but that's okay. I know the street, and I'm making all the right connections. With the right woman, there's no stopping me. I could go right to the top.
Elvira Hancock: You know what you're becoming, Tony? You're an immigrant spick millionaire, who can't stop talking about money...
Tony Montana: Who the fuck you calling a spick, man? You white piece of bread. Get outta the way of the television.
Tony Montana: Your guy Alberto... you know he's a piece of shit. I told him to do something he didn't listen to me, so I had to cancel his fucking contract.
Alejandro Sosa: My partners and I are pissed off Tony.
Tony Montana: That's okay, no big deal. We do it next month.
Alejandro Sosa: No, Tony. You can't do that. They found what was under the car, Tony! Now, our friend has got security up the ass! And the heat is gonna come down hard on my partners and me... There's not gonna be a next time, you fucking dumb cocksucker! You blew it!
Tony Montana: Hey! Take it easy when to talk to me, okay?
Alejandro Sosa: I told you a long time ago, you fucking little monkey, not to fuck me!
Tony Montana: Hey, hey! Who the fuck you think you're talking to huh? You wanna fuck...
Tony Montana: Who the fuck you think I am? Your fucking bell boy? Come on! Bring it! You wanna go to war? We take you to war! Okay?
Tony Montana: Every dog has his day, huh, Mel?
Mel Bernstein: I told him. It didn't make any sense, clipping you when we had you working for us. He wouldn't listen. He got hot tonight, about the broad, you know? He fucked up.
Tony Montana: You too, Mel. You fucked up.
Mel Bernstein: Don't go too far, Tony.
Tony Montana: I not, Mel, you are.
Mel Bernstein: Fuck. You can't shoot a cop!
Tony Montana: Whoever says you was one?
Mel Bernstein: Wait a minute! You let me go, I'll fix this up.
Tony Montana: Sure, Mel. Maybe you can hand out yourself one of them first class tickets to the Resurrection.
Mel Bernstein: Fucking punk. Son of a bitch.
Tony Montana: So long, Mel, have a good trip.
Mel Bernstein: Fuck you!
Elvira Hancock: Can't you stop saying fuck all the time?
Manny Ribera: BITCH! LESBIAN!
Tony Montana: *Now* you're talking to me, baby.
Elvira Hancock: Don't call me "baby". I'm not your "baby".
Tony Montana: Would you kiss me if I wear the hat?
Elvira Hancock: No.
M.C. at Babylon Club: Is that coke in your bra or are you just happy to see me?
Tony Montana: You know what your problem is, pussycat?
Elvira Hancock: What is my problem, Tony?
Tony Montana: You got nothing to do with your life, man. Why don't you get a job? Do something, be a nurse. Work with blind kids, lepurs, that kind of thing. Anything beats you waiting around all day, waiting for me to fuck you, I'll tell you that.
Elvira Hancock: Don't toot your horn, honey, you're not that good.
Tony Montana: Oh yeah? Frank was better huh?
Elvira Hancock: You're an asshole.
Tony Montana: Where are you going? COME HERE! Coño, HEY! ELVY! I was kidding. I WAS ONLY KIDDING!
Tony Montana: Another Quaalude, and she'll be mine again.
Omar Suarez: Watch my back.
Tony Montana: Better than your front, lemme tell you. Much easier to watch.
Tony Montana: I got ears, ya know. I hear things.
Frank Lopez: Yeah? What do you hear about Echevierra and the Diaz brothers? What about them? What about Gaspar Gomez? What is he gonna do when you start moving 2000 keys?
Tony Montana: Fuck Gaspar Gomez! And fuck the fuckin' Diaz brothers! Fuck 'em all! I bury those cockroaches!
Mama Montana: Son? I wish I had one! He's a bum! He was a bum then and he's a bum now! Who do you think you are, hm? We haven't heard a word from you in five years. Cinco anos. You suddenly show up here and you throw money at us? You think you can *buy* me with your money?
Tony Montana: Come on, mama.
Mama Montana: You think you can come in here with your hot-shot clothes and make fun of us?
Tony Montana: Mama, you don't know what you're talking about.
Mama Montana: No that is NOT the way I am, Antonio! That is *not* the way I raised Gina to be. You are not going to destroy her. I don't need your money. Gracias! I work for my living. *I don't want you in this house anymore!* I don't want you around Gina! So come on, get out! And take this lousy money with you! It stinks!
Tony Montana: I work hard for this. I want you to know that.
Elvira Hancock: It's too bad. Somebody shouldv'e given it to you. You wouldv'e been a nicer person.
Immigration Officer #1: Okay, so what do you call yourself? ¿Cómo se llama?
Tony Montana: Antonio Montana. And you, what you call yourself?
Immigration Officer #2: Where'd you learn to speak English, Tony?
Tony Montana: Uh, in a school. And my father, he was, uh, from the United States. Just like you, ya know? He was a Yankee. Uh, he used to take me a lot to the movies. I learn. I watch the guys like Humphrey Bogart, James Cagney. They, they teach me to talk. I like those guys. I always know one day I'm comin' here, United States.
Gina Montana: I like Fernando. He's a fun guy and he's nice... and he knows how to treat a woman.
Manny Ribera: Knows how to treat a woman? By taking you to the toilet to make out?
Frank Lopez: Elvira! Baby! Where've you been? It's 10:00, honey, I'm starving!
Elvira Hancock: You're always hungry. You should try starving.
Omar Suarez: What's with this dishwasher, chico?
Omar Suarez: Don't he think we could've got some other space cadet to hit Rebenga cheaper, too? Fifty bucks.
Tony Montana: Then why didn't you? And don't be callin' me no fuckin' dishwasher, or I'll kick you fuckin' monkey ass!
Hector the Toad: So, you got the money?
Tony Montana: Yep. You got the stuff?
Hector the Toad: Sure I have the stuff. I don't have it with me here right now. I have it close by.
Tony Montana: Oh... well I don't have the money either. I have it close by too.
Hector the Toad: Where? Down in your car?
Tony Montana: Uh... no. Not in the car.
Hector the Toad: No?
Tony Montana: What about you? Where do you keep your stuff?
Hector the Toad: Not far.
Tony Montana: I ain't getting the money unless I see the stuff first.
Hector the Toad: No, no. First the money, then the stuff.
Tony Montana: Okay. You want me to come in and we start over again?
Hector the Toad: Where are you from, Tony?
Tony Montana: What the fuck difference does that make on where I'm from?
Hector the Toad: Coño, Tony! I'm just asking just so I know who I'm doing business with.
Tony Montana: Well, you can know about me when you stop fucking around and start doing business with me, Hector!
Alejandro Sosa: I told you a long time ago, you fucking little monkey, not to *fuck me!*
Tony Montana: I kill a communist for fun, but for a green card... I'm gonna carve him up real nice.
Tony Montana: You think you can take me? You need a fucking army if you gonna take me!
Elvira Hancock: Nothing exceeds like excess. You should know that, Tony.
Tony Montana: Look at that, a junkie... I got a junkie for a wife. Her womb is so polluted, I can't even have a fucking little baby with her!
Manny Ribera: C'mon, Tony.
Elvira Hancock: You son of a bitch!... You fuck!
Elvira Hancock: How dare you talk to me like that? What makes you so much better than me? What do you do?
Manny Ribera: Don't worry.
Elvira Hancock: You deal drugs and you kill people. Oh, that's wonderful, Tony. Real contribution to human history.
Tony Montana: Go ahead. Just tell everybody. Come on.
Elvira Hancock: You want a kid?
Tony Montana: Tell the world.
Elvira Hancock: What kind of a father do you think you'd make?
Elvira Hancock: Who's gonna drive him to school in the mornings? Are you even gonna be alive by the time the kid goes to school?
Elvira Hancock: You don't even know how to be a husband!
Tony Montana: Sit down before I...
Elvira Hancock: Do we ever go anywhere without having 600 thugs hanging around us all the time?
Elvira Hancock: I have Nick "The Pig" for a friend. What kind of a life is that?
Manny Ribera: Come on.
Elvira Hancock: Can't you see... what we're becoming, Tony? We're losers. We're not winners.
Tony Montana: Go home. You're stoned.
Elvira Hancock: I'm not stoned. You're stoned.
Tony Montana: Get her out of here!
Manny Ribera: Come on. Come on.
Elvira Hancock: No! No! I'm not going home with you!
Elvira Hancock: I'm not going home with anybody! I'm going home alone. I'm leaving you. I don't need this shit anymore.
Manny Ribera: Okay, I'll walk you out.
Manny Ribera: I'll take her home in a cab.
Tony Montana: Let her go, let her go. Another Quaalude, she gonna love me again.
Hector the Toad: Last chance, pendejo!
Tony Montana: Fuck you!
Elvira Hancock: Can't you see what we're becoming, Tony? We're losers. We're not winners, we're losers.
Tony Montana: Go home. You stoned.
Elvira Hancock: I'm not stoned. You're stoned.
Tony Montana: You know what your problem is?
Elvira Hancock: What's that?
Tony Montana: You don't got nothing to do with your life. Why don't you get a job? Work with lepers. Blind kids. Anything's gotta be better than lying around all day waiting for me to fuck you.
Elvira Hancock: Don't toot your horn, honey. You're not that good.
Mama Montana: Who did you kill for this?
Alejandro Sosa: Tony what happened?
Tony Montana: Aww, Alex, we had some problems you know, your man he wouldn't listen to me so I had to cancel his fucking contract.
Gina Montana: You can't tell me what to do, Tony. No more. I am not a baby anymore. I'll do what I wanna do. I'll see whoever I wanna see. And if I wanna fuck 'em, Tony, then I'll fuck 'em!
Frank Lopez: You know what a chazzer is?
Tony Montana: No, Frank, you tell me. What is a chazzer?
Frank Lopez: It's a Yiddish word for "pig." See, the guy, he wants more than what he needs. He don't fly straight no more.
Manny Ribera: ¡Ay, Dios mío! ¡Mira eso! Look at that one. That one right there in the pink. She's beautiful, man. Look at those titties.
Tony Montana: Look at that punk with her. What's he got that I don't have?
Manny Ribera: Well, he's very handsome for one thing, you know?
Manny Ribera: I mean, look at the way he dresses, man. Come on. That's style. Flash, pizzazz. And a little coke money doesn't hurt nobody.
Tony Montana: ¡Coño! Look at this. Fuckin' onions. They oughta be pickin' gold from the street. ¡Ay, cabrón!
Tony Montana: What you tell 'em?
Manny Ribera: I told 'em what you told me to tell 'em, I told 'em I was in sanitation. They didn't go for it.
Tony Montana: Sanitation? I told you to tell 'em that you was in a sanitarium. Not sanitation, sanitarium.
Manny Ribera: I ran out of bullets, like an asshole. And while I'm standing there changing the clip, the little mother fucker, who I had killed already but was not dead, shot me!
Tony Montana: The fuckin' country was built on washing money.
Tony Montana: I'm getting you a one way ticket to the resurrection.
Mel Bernstein: Fuck you!
Manny Ribera: Hey, come on, man, it ain't that bad.
Tony Montana: Hey, what the fuck you talkin', man?
Manny Ribera: The jails in this country are like hotels, man.
Tony Montana: You fuckin' kiddin' me, man? Are you fuckin' high, man?
Immigration Officer #3: Where'd you get the beauty scar, tough guy? Eatin' pussy?
Tony Montana: How'm I gonna get a scar like that eating pussy?
Tony Montana: This was when I was a kid, ya know?
Immigration Officer #3: Mm-hmm.
Tony Montana: You should see the other kid. You can't recognize him.
Immigration Officer #3: And this?
Tony Montana: Oh, that's nothing, man. That's for my sweetheart.
Immigration Officer #3: Sweetheart, my ass! We've been seein' more and more of these. Some kind of code these guys used in the can. Pitchfork means an assassin or somethin'. You wanna tell us about it, Montana, or do you wanna take a little trip to the detention center?
Tony Montana: Okay, you got me. I was in the can one time. For buying dollars. Big, big deal.
Immigration Officer #3: That's pretty funny, Tony.
Tony Montana: Well, that's true. It was a Canadian tourist.
Immigration Officer #3: Hmm. What'd ya do? Mug him first?
Immigration Officer #1: What about homosexuality, Tony? You like men, huh? You like to dress up like a woman?
Tony Montana: What the fuck is wrong with this guy, man? He kidding me or what?
Immigration Officer #2: Just answer the questions, Tony!
Tony Montana: Okay. No. Okay? Fuck no! I'm not homosexual.
Immigration Officer #1: Have you ever been arrested in Cuba, Tony?
Tony Montana: No. I already said never.
Immigration Officer #1: Ever been arrested for minor things like vagrancy, larceny, theft, drug possession?
Tony Montana: No, never.
Immigration Officer #1: Do you use recreational drugs like marijuana, heroin...
Tony Montana: No... no...
Immigration Officer #1: Cocaine?
Tony Montana: No.
Tony Montana: I know that. But you know why, Vic? 'Cause you got your head up your culo. That's why that fucking guy never tells the truth. That motherfucker!
Mama Montana: You know, all we read about in the papers today are animals like you and the killings. It's Cubans like you who are giving a bad name to our people. People who come here to work hard and make an honest living for themselves.
Tony Montana: You wanna waste my time, OK? You wanna play rough?
Tony Montana: I didn't come to the United States to break my fucking back.
Tony Montana: Now you're talking to me baby! That I like! Keep it coming!
Elvira Hancock: So do you want to dance, Frank, or do you want to sit there and have a heart attack?
Frank Lopez: Me, dance? Hey, I think I wanna have a heart attack.
Tony Montana: Hey, how'd you like that? Huh? You fuckin' maricón! Hey!
Omar Suarez: We are just going to do one deal and that's it!
Tony Montana: Okay... fuck you. How's that?
Omar Suarez: Fuck you.
Tony Montana: Fuck you!
Elvira Hancock: Don't get it confused, Tony. I don't fuck around with the *help*.
Frank Lopez: Please, give me a second chance, huh Tony? Will you do that, please? I - you gi - you give me a second chance, I'll give you $10 million Tony. Ok? $10 million. I got it in a vault over there in Spain, Tony. We go - we go over there, we get on a plane, and it's yours. Ok? All of it. $10 million. Ok, Tony? Huh?
Frank Lopez: Please, Tony? Elvira? Elvira! You want Elvira? You can have her. I go away. I'm gonna disappear, Tony. You'll never see me again, Tony. Please, Tony, I don't want to die. I never did nothing to nobody.
Manny: ¡Tony! ¡Montana! ¡Tony Montana! Ven acá, man. Come here.
Tony Montana: ¿Qué te pasa?
Manny: Come here, man. I gotta talk to you. Come on, man. It's important.
Tony Montana: So close, man.
Manny: Come on. Come on, man. I gotta talk to you.
Angel: Where are you going, man?
Manny: Leave him alone, okay?
Tony Montana: I got better things to do.
Angel: You're chicken, man. You almost made it.
Manny: Are you ready for some good news?
Tony Montana: Sure. What you got, man?
Manny: We can be outta this place in 30 days. Not only that, but we got a green card and a job in Miami. Now are we made or are we made, man?
Tony Montana: What do we gotta do? Go to Cuba and hit the beard or what?
Manny: No, man, somebody else.
Tony Montana: You're kidding?
Manny: No.
Tony Montana: You're not kidding?
Manny: Guy named Rebenga, man. Emilio Rebenga.
Tony Montana: Rebenga? Coño, man. I know that name.
Manny: Yeah?
Tony Montana: He's political.
Manny: Yeah. Well, he's coming in here today, man. Castro just sprung him. This guy, man, was one of the top dogs for Fidel in the early days. But Castro felt like he couldn't trust him anymore and threw him in jail. But while he was on top, he tortured a few guys to death. And one of the guy's brother is a rich guy in Miami now, and he wants the favor repaid. That's where we come in.
Tony Montana: Somebody oughta do something about those... those whores.
Omar Suarez: All right! All right, big man? You wanna make some big bucks? Lets see how tough you are. Do you know something 'bout cocaine?
Tony Montana: You kidding me or what?
Omar Suarez: There's a bunch of Colombians coming in Friday. New guys. They say they have two keys for us, for openers. Pure coke. Hotel in Miami Beach. I want you go over there. If it's what they say it is, you pay 'em and bring it back. You do that, you get five grand!
Manny Ribera: Go, pay, bring it back, yeah?
Omar Suarez: You know how to handle a machine gun?
Manny Ribera: Yeah, man. We're in the army in Cuba.
Omar Suarez: You'll need a couple of other guys.
Manny Ribera: That's no problem, man.
Omar Suarez: Be at Hector's Bodega at noon Friday. You get the buy money then. And chico! If anything happens to that buy money, y pobreci! My boss is gonna stick your heads up your asses faster than a rabbit gets fucked!
Tony Montana: I'm scared!
Tony Montana: Look at that... that cable truck there. Since when does it take three days to hook up cable?
Manny: What, you've been watching it for three days?
Tony Montana: The fuckin' thing has been there for three days! What am I gonna do? Not look at it?
Tony Montana: You do so much of that shit, you know?
Elvira Hancock: Nothing exceeds like excess. You should know that, Tony.
Tony Montana: I should know what? *What should I know?* Why do you have to talk to me like that all the time? Like I gotta know something.
Tony Montana: That prick. Fucking WASP whore. Thinking I'm some marìcon coming off a banana boat.
Elvira Hancock: What would Frank say?
Tony Montana: I like Frank, you know. Only I like you better.
Jerry the Banker: Hey Tony, how's married life treating you?
Tony Montana: Better than you are.
Tony Montana: Yeah, it was a setup. Bunch of cowboys. Somebody fucked up somewhere. Fuckin' Columbians. They never wanted to make the sale. They only wanted to steal the money.
Omar Suarez: All right, I'll look into it right away. I'll make some inquiries and find out what happened.
Tony Montana: Yeah, you do that, Omar! You do that.
Omar Suarez: Do you still have the buy money?
Tony Montana: Yeah. And... I got the yeyo, too.
Omar Suarez: Wh-what? You got the yeyo?
Tony Montana: Yeah, I got it. Right.
Omar Suarez: Bring it here to my place in one hour. Come alone.
Tony Montana: Fuck you! I'm taking the stuff to your boss, Lopez, myself. Not you. Me!
Elvira Hancock: Look, it doesn't really matter, right?
Tony Montana: I'm just trying to be friendly, girl.
Elvira Hancock: God, I've got enough friends. I don't need another. Especially one who just got off a banana boat.
Tony Montana: Banana boat? Hold it, man. You're thinking of the wrong guy. I didn't come off no banana boat. You're thinking of someone else, maybe.
Tony Montana: This town's like a great big chicken just waiting to be plucked.
Fidel Castro: ...los que no se adapten... al esfuerzo y al heroísmo de una revolución... ¡No los queremos! ¡No los necesitamos!
Fidel Castro: Tony Montana: You should have kept your mouth shut, they'd have thought you was a horse and let you out.
M.C. at Babylon Club: Another great night here at the Babylon, right? Okay. All right! Do another gram, you'll all be babblin' on.
Alejandro Sosa: Alberto is an expert in the disposal business.
Frank Lopez: Who would want to kill me?
Elvira Hancock: The catcher on your little league team.
Frank Lopez: That son of a bitch, he didn't get a base hit all season! I ought to kill him!
Frank Lopez: You want me to believe Omar was a stoolie because Sosa said so? You bought that line?
Omar Suarez: And chico, if anything happens to that buy-money, eee pobrecito... my boss is gonna stick your heads up your asses faster than a rabbit gets fucked!
Hector the Toad: Okay, Caracicatriz. You can die too. It makes no difference to me.
Mama Montana: Why do you have to hurt everything you touch? Why do you have to destroy everything that comes your way? ¡Malagradecido! ¡Mal hijo!
Alejandro Sosa: I think you speak from the heart, Montana. So I say to myself, this Lopez, your boss, he had chivatos like that working for him, his judgment stinks.
Tony Montana: What about that job we did for you in Freedom Town? The Rebenga hit... What was that? A game of dominoes, mang?
Title card: In May 1980, Fidel Castro opened the harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of his people join their relatives in the United States. Within seventy-two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. It soon became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back with them not only their relatives, but the dregs of his jails. Of the 125,000 refugees that landed in Florida an estimated 25,000 had criminal records.
Manny Ribera: Don't fucking go crazy on me, okay? Just remember, this time last year we were in a fucking cage.
Tony Montana: You remember. I like to forget that.
Tony Montana: Eh, Frank got held up at the golf course. So he told me to come pick you up. He said he'd meet us at the track later.
Tony Montana: He said to bet on Ice Cream in the first, by the way.
Elvira Hancock: In that thing? You must be kidding.
Tony Montana: What you talking about? That's a Cadillac.
Elvira Hancock: I wouldn't be caught dead in that thing.
Tony Montana: Oh, come on. I mean, it's got a few years. But it's a cream puff.
Elvira Hancock: It looks like somebody's nightmare.
Tony Montana: Manuro...
Mel Bernstein: You oughta smile, Tony. Enjoy yourself. Any day above ground is a good day.
Hector the Toad: Now the leg, huh?     