
Sloth: Hey, you guys!
Irene Walsh: Pants and shirts go in the... oh, forget about it. Just throw everything into cardboard boxes. Clark, can you really translate all that?
Mouth: For sure, Mrs. Walsh.
Mouth: The marijuana goes in the top drawer. The cocaine and speed go in the second drawer. And the heroin goes in the bottom drawer. Always separate the drugs.
Mikey: Goonies never say die!
Mikey: Don't you realize? The next time you see sky, it'll be over another town. The next time you take a test, it'll be in some other school. Our parents, they want the best of stuff for us. But right now, they got to do what's right for them. Because it's their time. Their time! Up there! Down here, it's our time. It's our time down here. That's all over the second we ride up Troy's bucket.
Francis Fratelli: Hey, kid! I want you to spill your guts, tell us everything!
Chunk: Everything?
Francis Fratelli: *Everything*.
Chunk: Everything. OK, I'll talk! In third grade, I cheated on my history exam. In fourth grade, I stole my uncle Max's toupee and I glued it on my face when I was Moses in my Hebrew School play. In fifth grade, I knocked my sister Edie down the stairs and I blamed it on the dog... when my mom sent me to the summer camp for fat kids and then they served lunch I got nuts and I pigged out and they kicked me out!
Chunk: ...but the worst thing I ever done: I mixed up all this fake puke at home and then I went to this movie theater, hid the puke in my jacket, climbed up to the balcony and then, t-t-then, I made a noise like this: hua-hua-hua-huaaaaaaa - and then I dumped it over the side, all over the people in the audience. And then, this was horrible, all the people started getting sick and throwing up all over each other. And I never felt so bad in my entire life!
Jake Fratelli: I'm beginning to like this kid, Ma!
Mama Fratelli: Hit puree!
Andy: I can't tell... if it's an "A sharp" or if it's a "B flat"!
Mikey: Heh, if you hit the wrong note, we'll all "B flat!"
Chunk: I'm not all alone in the dark. I like the dark. I love the dark.
Chunk: But I hate nature! I HATE nature!
Stef: Brand, God put that rock there for a purpose... and, um... I'm not so sure you should, um... move it...
Andy: Watch this.
Andy: He's just like his father.
Data: That's okay daddy. You can't hug a photograph.
Mr. Wang: You are my greatest invention.
Mouth: President Lincoln... George Washington... Martin Sheen...
Stef: Martin Sheen? That's President Kennedy, you idiot!
Mouth: Well, same difference. I mean, he played Kennedy once.
Irene Walsh: Now, Rosalita, this is the attic. Mr. Walsh doesn't like anybody up here, ever. I guess that's why it's always open.
Mouth: Translation - never go up there. It's filled with Mr. Walsh's *sexual torture devices*.
Irene Walsh: This is my supply closet. You'll find everything you need - brooms, dust pans, insect spray... I would really like the house clean when they tear it down. Clark, can you translate?
Mouth: If you do a bad job you'll be locked in here with the cockroaches for two weeks without food or water.
Irene Walsh: You are so fluent in Spanish. That was so nice of you.
Mouth: "Nice" is my middle name, Mrs. Walsh.
Chunk: Hey! I bet you guys think I was going to drop it huh? I know you would think that from good ol Chunk
Brandon Walsh: You idiot!
Mikey: Oh, my god!
Chunk: Look look! It's not broken. It's perfect! Ha ha!
Mikey: Oh, my GOD! That's my mom's most favorite piece!
Chunk: Oh, my god.
Mouth: You wouldn't be here if it wasn't.
Mikey: Shut up, Mouth!
Brandon Walsh: Shut up, Mouth.
Stef: You know your voice is kind of nice when your mouth isn't screwing it up.
Mouth: Yeah and you looks are kind of pretty. When your face isn't screwing it up.
Brandon Walsh: What's she saying Mouth? Translate.
Mouth: No pen. No write. No sign!
Mikey: No, Dad. Don't sign it!
Mikey: Dad! Dad! It's my marble bag. The Fratelis forgot to check it. I emptied out all of my marbles and put the jewels in. We don't have to leave the boon docks!
Irving Walsh: They'll be no more signing today or ever again.
Andy: Brand... What happened to your braces?
Brandon Walsh: Braces? I don't wear braces, Mikey wears bra... Mikey! That little...
Andy: Shhh!
Stef: Data where are you going?
Data: I'm setting booty traps.
Stef: You mean booby traps?
Data: THATS WHAT I SAID! BOOBY TRAPS! God. These Guys!
Mikey: Hi Willie. Oh, I'm Mike Walsh. You've been expecting me, haven't you? Well I made it. I beat you. I got here in one piece... so far.
Mikey: So... that's why they call you One-Eyed Willie... One-Eyed Willie.
Mikey: We had a long comment, huh, Willie? You know something, Willie? You're the first Goonie.
Mikey: Yo. Hi guys. How's it going? This is Willie... One-Eyed Willie. Say hi, Willie. Those are my friends... the Goonies.
Mikey: How long have you guys been standing there?
Brandon Walsh: Long enough, Mikey. Long enough.
Mikey: Bye, Willy. Thanks.
Richard 'Data' Wang: Hey I've got a great idea you guys! Slick shoes!
Mikey, Mouth: Slick shoes? ARE YOU CRAZY?
Andy: DATA!
Francis Fratelli: DON'T PUSH JAKE!
Jake Fratelli: I'm not pushing Francis now hurry up!
Mama Fratelli: Francis sweetheart are you okay?
Francis Fratelli: NOOOOOOO!
Brandon Walsh: I'm gonna hit you so hard that when you wake up your clothes will be out of style!
Troy Perkins: Andy, you goonie!
Mama Fratelli: You're so quiet all of a sudden you're the one they call "Mouth" aren't you?
Mouth: Mmm mm!
Mama Fratelli: Oh my god! OH MY GOD! Is that all?
Mouth: Mmm hmm.
Mouth: Is this supposed to be water?
Mama Fratelli: It's wet, ain't it? Drink it!
Stef: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, stop, stop! You can't do this.
Data: Why?
Mikey: Why?
Stef: Because these are somebody else's wishes. They're somebody else's dreams.
Mouth: Yeah, but you know what? This one, this one right here. This was my dream, my wish. And it didn't come true. So I'm taking it back. I'm taking them all back.
Mama Fratelli: Kids suck.
Brandon Walsh: My new tires! They popped my new tires those son of a... I'm going to kill...
Brandon Walsh: Thanks I owe you one.
Girl: My bike! I want my bike, I want my bike, I want my bike.
Chunk: Hello, Sheriff's Office? I'd like to report a murder!
Sheriff: Hold on, hold on a minute. Is that you again, Lawrence?
Chunk: Listen, Sheriff, I know I've jerked you around before, but this is for real now. I'm in the Fratellis' basement, with this guy...
Sloth: Rocky Road? Heh Heh!
Sheriff: Yeah, like that time you told me about the fifty Iranian terrorists who took over all the Sizzler steakhouses in the city?
Chunk: Sloth, get back here! Sloth!
Sheriff: Just like that last prank about all those little creatures that multiply when you throw water on them?
Sheriff: Lawrence?
Chunk: Hey, mister? Are you hungry? I got a Baby Ruth.
Sloth: Ruth! Ruth! Baby! Ruth!
Chunk: Here you go.
Chunk: I'm sorry, mister! I'm sorry!
Chunk: Gee, mister. You're even hungrier than I am.
Andy: Brand is being so sweet to me.
Stef: Oh come on, come on! Where are you? You're in the clouds and we are in a basement!
Chunk: Man! You smell like Phys Ed!
Chunk: Look, how's that? How's that?
Mikey: Oh, you idiot! You glued it on upside down!
Brandon Walsh: You dork! If God made it like that, you'd all be pissing in your faces!
Chunk: Looks fine to me.
Sloth: Mama!
Mama Fratelli: Come to mama Slothy, come on hmm?
Sloth: Mama, you've been bad.
Mama Fratelli: Oh, Slothy. I may have been bad. I may have kept you chained up in that room but it was for your own good.
Sloth: Yeah!
Mama Fratelli: You remember that song I used to sing to you?
Sloth: Yeah!
Mama Fratelli: You were little back then?
Mama Fratelli: Rock-a-bye baby on the tree top. When the wind blows the cradle will rock. When the bough breaks the cradle will fall...
Sloth: Break! Fall!
Mama Fratelli: No! I only dropped once.
Sloth: Ahh!
Mama Fratelli: Well, maybe twice. No Sloth! Put me down!
Francis Fratelli: Get the rope here. Slothy, Slothy, jumprope Slothy.
Jake Fratelli: What do you mean jump rope?
Francis Fratelli, Jake Fratelli: Jumprope! Jumprope.
Francis Fratelli, Jake Fratelli: Ring around the rosie, pocket full of posies...
Sloth: Sloth!
Jake Fratelli: We're in deep shit now, Francis.
Francis Fratelli: Oh, shit!
Stef: This is ridiculous. It's crazy. I feel like I'm babysitting, except I'm not getting paid.
Chunk: Listen, okay? You guys'll never believe me. There was two cop cars, okay? And they were chasing this four-wheel deal, this real neat ORV, and there were bullets flying all over the place. It was the most amazing thing I ever saw!
Mikey: More amazing than the time Michael Jackson come over to your house to use the bathroom.
Brandon Walsh: More amazing than the time you saved those old people from that nursing home fire, right?
Mouth: Yeah, and I bet it was even more amazing than the time you ate your weight in Godfather's pizza, right?
Chunk: Okay, Brand. Michael Jackson didn't come over to my house to use the bathroom. But his sister did.
Stef: OK, you kissed. Now tell.
Andy: There's something weird.
Stef: What? What is it?
Andy: Does Brand wear braces?
Andy: Why are you laughing? Stef, it was beautiful.
Stef: Next time you kiss him, do it with your eyes open. It's a whole different experience.
Mikey: It's OK, you're a Goonie and Goonies always make mistakes... just don't make any more.
Jake Fratelli: Niente. Kids must've cleaned him out.
Mama Fratelli: Sure, right before they ate him!
Francis Fratelli: Stupid.
Andy: I should've let him look at my body! Don't I have a beautiful body? Don't I have a beautiful body?
Brandon Walsh: You've got a great body.
Andy: How many more years do I have before I get all fat? Before my hair falls out? Before I look like him?
Mikey: Let's...
Andy: -get out of...
Richard 'Data' Wang: -here!
Stef: Like now!
Mikey: Okay, this is the little boys' room, and that cave over there is the little girls' room.
Mikey: Brand, where're you going?
Brandon Walsh: This is the *men's* room.
Data: Hey any of you guys ever hear of Detroit?
Mikey: No.
Mouth: Sointenly! Where Motown started. It's also got the highest murder rate in the country.
Data: Well, let me tell you what. That's where we're going when we lose the house tomorrow.
Mikey: You shut up about that stuff, it'll never happen. My dad will fix it.
Brandon Walsh: Yeah sure he will. If he gets his next 400 paychecks by tommorrow afternoon.
Mikey: That's wrong Brand! It won't happen.
Mama Fratelli: Four waters. Is that all?
Mouth, Mikey: Mouth: No! I want the veal scalopini.
Mikey: Shut up Mouth.
Mouth: I want a good fettucini alfredo. I want a bottle of fettucine, a 1981.
Mouth: Mama Fratelli: The only thing we serve is tongue. Do you boys like tongue?
Mouth, Mikey: Mama Fratelli: That's all? Sit down!
Stef: I lost my glasses.
Andy: Can I take piano lessons?
Mouth: Senior Jerk Alert!
Irene Walsh: Brandon Walsh! If you don't bring those kids back I'm going to commit Harri Krishna!
Brandon Walsh: That's Hari Kari, Ma!
Chunk: I just saw the most amazing thing in my entire life!
Mouth: First you gotta do the truffle shuffle.
Chunk: Look at this. They've got Misissippi Mud and they've got Chocolate Eruption and they've got what?
Chunk: It's a stiff.
Mouth: Chunk, I'm pretty much ODing on all your bullshit stories!
Sloth: Rocky... road?
Andy: Do you think there's really any treasure here?
Mikey: Andy this whole ship is a treasure.
Mikey: What about the loot?
Brandon Walsh: What about our lives?
Mouth: You know, I just want to say thank you. For offering to save my life.
Stef: Wow! Thank you it's a real moment. You know your voice is kind of nice when your mouth isn't screwing it up.
Mouth: Yeah and your looks kind of pretty. When your face isn't screwing it up.
Mikey: Sorry, Dad, we had our hands on the future, but we gave it up just to save our own lives.
Francis Fratelli: Watch your hair! Watch your hair! They're goin' for the hair!
Irene Walsh: What is that?
Chunk: Oh, shit!
Chunk: What?
Irene Walsh: *What* is *that*?
Irene Walsh: That is a mess! I want it picked up now, boys!
Chunk: Oh, sure! Sure!
Chunk: Shame, shame!
Data: I know your name!
Mouth: Come on, Brand! Slip her the tongue!
Stef: Oh, that's disgusting. Now I can't even look.
Rosalita: My God, I'm in a crazy house!
Jake Fratelli: Francis, the lock. The lock!
Francis Fratelli: Let go of the handle.
Jake Fratelli: I don't have the handle! Open the lock!
Mama Fratelli: Jake, up! Come on, move it!
Mikey: It was a retropactum!
Brandon Walsh: Retrospective!
Mikey: See! That's what I said! You always contradict me... I know what I was saying. It was on the history of Astoria and these are the rejects!
Chunk: Kinda like us... Mikey. The Goonies.
Mouth: I'm not a reject!
Mikey: Take that stuff off, you'll get me in trouble
Andy: Let's go this way.
Brandon Walsh: What are you? Crazy? They're here.
Andy: They're here, they're here, they're here, they're here.
Jake Fratelli: There they are. Right there.
Brandon Walsh: It's the Fratellies. This way. Come on we've got to move! Let's go you guys. Don't fall behind. Let's move.
Mama Fratelli: Now tell me where your other little friends are.
Chunk: The fireplace.
Mama Fratelli: Don't lie to me!
Chunk: Honest. We went over to Mikey's dads place and we found this map that said that underneath this place there's buried treasure.
Jake Fratelli: Come on, don't give us none of your bullshit stories huh?
Chunk: Sixteen thirty-two. What is that? A year?
Mouth: No, it's your top score on Pole Position.
Chunk: Mikey, Mikey, this ain't the kind of place you want to go to the bathroom in.
Mama Fratelli: Why not?
Chunk: Because they might have daddy longlegs and um... dead things, Mikey. DEAD THINGS!
Irene Walsh: Brandon I want you to keep your brother inside I don't want him to catch a cold.
Brandon Walsh: He should be put in a plastic bubble.
Irene Walsh: I'm serious Brandon! That's not funny. If he takes one step outside and you'll be in the deepest, absolutely the deepest, shi, shi, shi...
Brandon Walsh: Shit ma!
Irene Walsh: I don't like that language but that's exactly what you're going to be in, and you Data.
Data: Data
Irene Walsh: Data use the front door from now on okay? What is that?
Mikey: What are you doing? It took him 376 lawn jobs to get that bike! That's his most favorite thing in the world!
Mouth: Now it's his most flattest thing in the world. Let's go!
Chunk: Sloth! Come on!
Sloth: Sloth love Chunk!
Chunk: I love you too and you're going to get crushed!
Sloth: Aaaaaahhhhhhh!
Chunk: Yeah. Mikey's been through here, all right.
Sloth: Uh-oh.
Mouth: I've got an idea. Why don't we just spread chocolate all over the floor and let Chunk eat his way through?
Chunk: Okay, Mouth. I've taken all I can stand... and I can't stand no more!
Chunk: I got it! I got it! I got it!
Chunk: I don't got it.
Everyone else: You klutz!
Chunk: Hope it's not a deposit bottle!
Mouth: C'mon Mikey, give me a lickery kiss!
Elgin Perkins: Hello guys. I'm Mr Perkins, Troy's father.
Richard 'Data' Wang: We know who Troy is. He's that cheap guy.
Brandon Walsh: My dad's not home, Mr. Perkins.
Elgin Perkins: Is your mommy here?
Brandon Walsh: No, actually she's out at the market buying Pampers for all us kids.
Elgin Perkins: Papers, Bill. You can give these to your father to read through and sign. I'll be by to pick them up in the morning.
Brandon Walsh: Thank you.
Elgin Perkins: Thank *you*.
Mama Fratelli: There it is. Okay, Jake, you first.
Jake Fratelli: I ain't going down there, Mama. Are you kidding me?
Mama Fratelli: GO!
Jake Fratelli: I can't argue with that, Mama.
Jake Fratelli: You know Sloth, if you sit too close to the TV, you're going hurt your eyes.
Sloth: Eh!
Francis Fratelli: Jake leave him alone!
Prison Guard: Lunch time. The longer you wait the colder your lunch will get. Come on. Hey you turkey!
Prison Guard: You schmuck! Did you really think that I would be stupid enough to kill myself?
Data: Holy S-H-I-T!
Chunk: ORV. Bullet holes. Bullet holes?
Harriet Walsh: Where are my boys?
Harriet Walsh, Irving Walsh: Mikey? Brand?
Mikey: Hi mom. Hi dad. I guess we're in big shit now right?
Chunk: What's all the stuff in the attic?
Mikey: It has something to do with my dad being the assistant curly, curny.
Brandon Walsh: Curator.
Mikey: That's what I said.
Francis Fratelli: Sloth stop that.
Jake Fratelli: Do you remember when we took you to the Bronx Zoo and left you there?
Francis Fratelli: We've never been to the Bronx Zoo!
Jake Fratelli: Do you remember the time we were going to get your teeth fixed and we spent all of the money on Francis's toupee?
Francis Fratelli: I DON'T WEAR A hair piece!
Chunk: Mikey, Mikey, come on, our parents are worried. It's dinnertime. Why don't we go home?
Mikey: Home? What home? In a couple more hours, it ain't gonna be home anymore. Come on, guys, this is our time. Our last chance to see if there really is any rich stuff. We've got to.
Andy: I hit the wrong note. I'm not Liberace you know!
Mama Fratelli: The only thing we serve here is tongue! You boys like tongue?
Stef: What the hell is that?
Mikey: It's another one of Willy's tricks. Get out of the way!
Mama Fratelli: Follow them size five's
Chunk: You think your Mom's gonna notice?
Mikey: What?
Chunk: Do you think your Mom is going to notice? Notice that the statue's penis is missing.
Mikey: I wonder if she'll notice.
Chunk: That's what I said!
Mikey: Well, of course she'll notice. She notices everything.
Chunk: Ah, Shit!
Chunk: I smell ice cream.
Chunk: You guys, I'm hungry. I know when my stomach growls there's trouble.
Richard 'Data' Wang: Data's okay! Data's quite tired of falling and Data's tired of skeletons!
Brandon Walsh: Why didn't you use the stairs?
Richard 'Data' Wang: Use the stairs! Stairs! The stupid guys tell me to use the stairs when Data's falling. If Data's hurt, nobody cares anymore...
Mikey: Data's okay...
Richard 'Data' Wang: Then some guy tells me I have stupid inventions. I've been spending months and months studying on them and inventing them. God!
Troy Perkins: Andy! You GOONIE!
Chunk: Soda pop! Oh! Boy. I am thirsty.
Chunk: Damn it!
Richard 'Data' Wang: I'm setting booty traps.
Mouth: Booby traps.
Richard 'Data' Wang: That's what I said!
Brandon Walsh: Nobody hits my brother except me!
Troy Perkins: Wha... I just can't wait until Monday when my father kicks all of you trash out in the street where you belong! While you Goonies are piling stuff in your moving vans, I'll be teeing off of what used to be your front lawn!
Troy Perkins: Our court time is now! Come on!
Richard 'Data' Wang: I'm James Bond Double O Seven, not Double O-Negative!
Jake Fratelli: You know Sloth if you sit too close to the TV you're going hurt your eyes.
Sloth: Eh!
Francis Fratelli: Jake leave him alone.
Irene Walsh: Brandon, don't you come home without your brother, or I'll commit Hare Krishna!
Brandon Walsh: That's "Harry Carry", ma.
Irene Walsh: That is exactly what I said!
Mama Fratelli: Trust your dear old mother boys. Throw 'er into four-wheel drive and hold on to your hats.
Richard 'Data' Wang: Pinchers of power! You guys! I've been saved by my Pinchers of Power!
Elgin Perkins: Alright Walsh. Today's the day so let's get this over with.
Irene Walsh: Irving?
Irving Walsh: I'm sorry Irene.
Troy Perkins: Come on, Walsh. We don't have all day. There's 50 more houses to tear down after yours.
Irving Walsh: Easy, Brandon! Easy!
Prison Guard: Lunchtime! The longer you animals bark, the colder your lunch gets. Come on, move it out. You too, down there! Hey, turkey!
Mikey: Stop! We've got to get to the lowest point of the floor.
Brandon Walsh: Lowest point nothing, Mikey. Now let's go!
Mikey: I swear on my life! They've got an... an 'IT!' A giant 'IT!' When it came into the light it was all gross and distorted, and, and...
Brandon Walsh: Yeah, kinda like your brain, right lame-o? Say goodbye to your little pals.
Data: I am wondering... what is in the bag?
Stef: ... Chunk, I hope that was your stomach.
Mikey: No. That's the 'It.'
Chunk: Sounds like Kong.
Jake Fratelli: E casa queste soni.
Jake Fratelli: Jake, these boys are costumers
Jake Fratelli: Che vuol dire, ma? Questo non e ristorante.
Mama Fratelli: Zita, Zita, stupido nocha picha jente.
Jake Fratelli: Ah, Mondenea, mondena, mama, agavito. Eh, bos, uh? You makes yourselves comfortable, uh?
Jake Fratelli: She's going to cook you something.
Data: Pinchers of Peril... saved by my Pinchers of Peril!     