
Ekdahlska huset - Helena Ekdahl: Are you sad because you've grown old?
Jacobis hus - Isak Jacobi: I'm certainly not. Everything's getting worse. Worse people, worse machines, worse wars... and worse weather. I'm glad I'll soon be dead.
Ekdahlska huset - Gustav Adolf Ekdahl: Therefore let us be happy while we are happy. Let us be kind, generous, affectionate and good. It is necessary and not at all shameful to take pleasure in the little world.
Ekdahlska huset - Oscar Ekdahl: My dear friends, for 22 years, in the capacity of theater manager, I've stood here and made a speech without really having any talent for that sort of thing. Especially if you think of my father who was brilliant at speeches. My only talent, if you can call it that in my case, is that I love this little world inside the thick walls of this playhouse, and I'm fond of the people who work in this little world. Outside is the big world, and sometimes the little world succeeds in reflecting the big one so that we understand it better. Or perhaps, we give the people who come here a chance to forget for a while, for a few short moments, the harsh world outside. Our theater is a little room of orderliness, routine, care and love. I don't know why I feel so comically solemn this evening. I can't explain how I feel, so I'd best be brief. My wife and I, and the rest of the Ekdahl family, my brother Carl, -I think Carl is here- We wish you all a happy and joyous Christmas. I Hope we meet again on St. Stephen's Day, strengthened in body and soul. Merry Christmas
Biskopsgården - Bishop Edvard Vergerus: You don't get rid of me that easy!
Teatern - Filip Landahl: ...They no longer wish to hear the songs of giants. They are content with the tunes of dwarfs.
Ekdahlska huset - Helena Ekdahl: Everything can happen. Everything is possible and probable. Time and space do not exist. On a flimsy framework of reality, the imagination spins, weaving new patterns.
Ekdahlska huset - Alexander Ekdahl: If there is a god, then he's a shit, and I'd like to kick him in the butt.
Jacobis hus - Aron: Your theory is very interesting and appears to be justified.
Ekdahlska huset - Gustav Adolf Ekdahl: The world is a den of thieves and night is falling. Evil breaks its chains and runs through the world like a mad dog.
Ekdahlska huset - Alexander Ekdahl: Alexander does not wish the Bishop a good night.
Jacobis hus - Isak Jacobi: Everything is alive. And everything is God, or God's intention. Not only the good things, but the cruelest and worst. What do you think?
Ekdahlska huset - Alexander Ekdahl: If there is a God, he's a shit and piss God, that I'd like to kick in the arse.     