
Mowgli: Oh, Baloo, I wanna stay with you.
Baloo: Certainly, you do.
Bagheera: Oh? And just how do you think he will survive?
Baloo: "How do you think he will... " What do you mean how do you think he... He's with me, ain't he? And I'll learn him all I know.
Bagheera: Oh? That shouldn't take too long.
Mowgli: Baloo, get up. Oh, please get up.
Bagheera: Mowgli, try to understand.
Mowgli: Bagheera, what's the matter with him?
Bagheera: You've got to be brave, like Baloo was.
Mowgli: You... you don't mean... Oh, no. Baloo.
Bagheera: Now, now. I know how you feel. But you must remember, Mowgli. Greater love hath no one than he who lays down his life for his friend.
Bagheera: Whenever great deeds are remembered in this jungle, one name will stand above all others: our friend, Baloo the bear.
Baloo: He's cracking me up.
Bagheera: The memory of Baloo's sacrifice and bravery will forever be engraved on our saddened hearts.
Baloo: Beautiful.
Bagheera: This spot where Baloo fell will always be a hallowed place in the jungle, for there lies one of nature's noblest creatures.
Baloo: I wish my mother could have heard this.
Bagheera: It's best we leave now. Come along, man-cub.
Baloo: Hey, don't stop now, Baggy, you're doing great! There's more, lots more!
Bagheera: Why, you big fraud! You-you-you four-flusher! I-I'm fed up!...
Mowgli: Baloo! You're all right!
Baloo: Who, me? Sure I am. Never felt better.
Bagheera: This will take brains, not brawn.
Baloo: You better believe it, and I'm loaded with both.
Baloo: Now when you pick a pawpaw / Or a prickly pear / And you prick a raw paw / Well, next time, beware! / Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw / When you pick a pear try to use the claw / But you don't need to use the claw / When you pick a pear of the big pawpaw / Have I given you a clue?
Mowgli: Golly, thanks, Baloo.
Bagheera: Pawpaw, ha! Of all the silly gibberish.
Baloo: C'mon, Baggy, get with the beat.
Baloo: So just try and... relax. Yeah. Cool it. Fall apart in my backyard. 'Cause let me tell you something, little britches: if you act like that bee at... Uh-uh. You're working too hard. And don't spend your time lookin' around for something you want that can't be found...
Baloo: When you find out you can live without it / And go along not thinking about it / I'll tell you something true / The bare necessities of life will come to you.
Baloo: You better believe it!
Kaa: Trust in me...
Shere Khan: I can't be bothered with that, I have no time for that nonsense.
Kaa: Ssssssssome other time, perhaps?
Shere Khan: Perhaps. But at the moment I'm searching for a man-cub.
Kaa: Man-cub? What man-cub?
Shere Khan: The one who's lost. Now where do you suppose he could be?
Kaa: Search me?
Shere Khan: That's an excellent idea. I'm sure you wouldn't mind showing me your coils, would you, Kaa?
Kaa: Ccccccertainly not.
Kaa: Nothing here, and nothing in here.
Kaa: Kaa: It'ssssssss my ssssinuses.
Shere Khan: Hm.
Shere Khan: Indeed. And now, how about the middle?
Kaa: The middle? Oh, the middle.
Kaa: I-I-I assure you there's nothing in the middle.
Shere Khan: Hmm, barely. Well, if you do so happen to see the man-cub, you will inform me first.
Shere Khan: Understand?
Kaa: I get the point. Cross my heart, hope to die.
Shere Khan: In good show. And now I must continue my search for the helpless little lad.
Kaa: Oh, who does he think he's fooling. The helpless little lad... woooo he gives me the shhhhhhivers.
Kaa: Picking on that poor, little, helpless boy. Oh yes... poor, little, helpless boy.
Mowgli: Gee, cousin Louie, you're doing real good.
King Louie: Now here's your part of the deal, cuz. Lay the secret on me of Man's Red Fire.
Mowgli: But I don't know how to make fire.
King Louie: Now don't try to kid me, Man Cub / I made a deal with you / What I desire is Man's Red Fire / To make my dream come true / Now give me the secret, Man Cub / Come on, clue me what to do / Give me the power of Man's Red Flower / So I can be like you.
Shere Khan: Bravo, Bravo. An extraordinary performance. And thank you for detaining my victim.
Flaps: D-don't mention it...
Flaps: ...Your Highness.
Shere Khan: Boo!
Dizzy: Let's get out of here!
Buzzie: Gimme room, gangway!
Buzzie: Run, friend, run!
Mowgli: Run? Why should I run?
Shere Khan: Why should you run? Is it possible that you don't know who I am?
Mowgli: I know you alright. You're Shere Khan.
Shere Khan: Precisely. And you should know that everyone runs from Shere Khan.
Mowgli: You don't scare me. I won't run from anyone.
Shere Khan: Ah, you have spirit for one so small. And such spirit is deserving of a sporting chance. Now, I'm going to close my eyes and count to ten. It makes the chase more interesting... for me. One...
Shere Khan: ...two...
Shere Khan: ...three...
Shere Khan: ...four...
Shere Khan: You're trying my patience. Five, six, seven, eight, nine, TEN!
King Louie: Now, I'm the king of the swingers, whoa / The jungle V.I.P. / I've reached the top and had to stop / And that's what's botherin' me / I wanna be a man, Man Cub / And stroll right into town / And be just like the other men / I'm tired of monkeyin' around.
Mowgli: Where we goin', Baloo?
Baloo: Well, uh, it's uh... um... well, it's sorta new and, uh...
Mowgli: Oh, I don't care, as long as I'm with you.
Baloo: Mowgli, look, buddy, uh, there's somethin' I gotta tell ya.
Mowgli: Tell me what, Baloo?
Baloo: Oh, gee whiz. Now, how did ol' Baggy put it? Uh, uh, Mowgli... Ha! You wouldn't marry a panther, would you?
Mowgli: Gee, I don't even know what you're talking about.
Baloo: Mowgli, don't you realize that you're a human?
Mowgli: I'm not any more, Baloo. I'm a bear like you.
Baloo: Little buddy, look. Listen to me.
Mowgli: Come on, Baloo.
Baloo: Mowgli, stop it now. Hold still. I wanna tell you something. Now listen to me.
Mowgli: What's the matter, ol' papa bear?
Baloo: Look, Mowgli, I've been trying to tell ya, I've been trying all morning to tell ya. I've got to take you back to the man-village!
Mowgli: The man-village?
Baloo: Now look, kid, I can explain...
Mowgli: But-but you said we were partners.
Baloo: Now believe me, kid, I...
Mowgli: You're just like... like old Bagheera!
Baloo: Now just a minute! That's going too far!
Buzzie: Hey, Flaps, what we gonna do?
Flaps: I don't know. What you wanna do?
Ziggy: I've got it! Let's flap over to the east side of the jungle. They've always got a bit of action, a bit of a swingin' scene, all right.
Buzzie: Aw, come off it. Things are right dead all over.
Ziggy: You mean you wish they were.
Dizzy: Very funny.
Buzzie: Okay, so what we gonna do?
Flaps: I don't know, what you wanna do?
Buzzie: Look, Flaps, first I say, "What we gonna do?" Then you say, "I don't know, what you wanna do?" Then I say, "What we gonna do?" You say, "What you wanna do?" "What we gonna do?" "What you want..." Let's do SOMETHING!
Flaps: Okay. What you wanna do?
Buzzie: Oh, blimey! There you go again. The same notes again!
Ziggy: I've got it! This time, I've really got it!
Buzzie: Now you've got it. So what we gonna do?
Baloo: What do they call you?
Bagheera: His name is Mowgli, and I'm taking him back to the man village.
Baloo: Man village? They'll ruin him. They'll make a man out of him.
Baloo: She did that on purpose!
Bagheera: Obviously.
Baloo: Ha ha! Man, that's what I call a swinging party.
Mowgli: Bagheera, he's got a knot in his tail!
Kaa: He-he-he, he's got a knot in his tail!
Kaa: Ooh! Oh, now what? I'll be right down. Yes, yes, who is it?
Shere Khan: It's me. Shere Khan. I'd like a word with you, if you don't mind.
Kaa: Shere Khan, what a surprise.
Shere Khan: Yes, isn't it. I just dropped by. Now forgive me if I've interrupted anything.
Kaa: Oh no, no, nothing at all.
Shere Khan: I thought perhaps that you were entertaining someone up there in your coils.
Kaa: Coils? Someone? Oh no, I was just curling up for my siesta.
Shere Khan: But you were singing to someone. Who is it, Kaa?
Kaa: Ah, um, oh no, I was just singing, uh, to myself.
Shere Khan: Indeed.
Kaa: Yes... yes, you see I have... trouble with my sinuses.
Shere Khan: What a pity!
Kaa: Oh, you have no idea. It's simply terrible. I can't eat, I can't sleep, so I ssssssing myself to sleep. You know, self-hypnosis. Let me show you how it works.
Kaa: Please, go to sleep, sleep tight little man-cub, rest in peace... sleep... sleep...
Mowgli: Ba... Bagheera?
Bagheera: Now, it's no use arguing anymore. No more talk until morning.
Kaa: He won't be here in the morning.
Bagheera: Huh? Oh yes, he will, I... KAA! HOLD IT, KAA!
Mowgli: You told me a lie, Kaa. You said I could trust you!
Kaa: It's like YOU said: you can't trust ANYONE!
Mowgli: Go away! Leave me alone!
Kaa: Let me look at you.
Kaa: You don't want me to look at you? Then you look at me.
Kaa: Ooh, my s-s-sinus. You have just made a s-s-s-serious mistake, my friend. A very s-s-s-stupid...
Bagheera: N-n-now, Kaa, I was...
Kaa: ...mis-s-stake. Look me in the eye when I'm speaking to you.
Bagheera: No, please, Kaa...
Kaa: Both eyes, if you please.
Kaa: You have just s-s-sealed your doom.
Kaa: You're s-s-snoring.
Mowgli: Sorry.
Baloo: Mowgli, come back, come back!
Bagheera: Go on, go on!
Baloo: Now, look. It's like this, little britches. All you gotta do is...
Baloo: Look for the bare necessities / The simple bare necessities / Forget about your worries and your strife / I mean the bare necessities / Are Mother Nature's recipies / That bring the bare necessities of life / Wherever I wander / Wherever I roam / I couldn't be fonder / Of my big home / The bees are buzzin' in the tree / To make some honey just for me / When you look under the rocks and plants / And take a glance at the fancy ants / Then maybe try a few...
Mowgli: You eat ants?
Baloo: You better believe it. And you're gonna *love* the way they tickle.
Bagheera: Many strange legends are told of these jungles of India, but none so strange as the story of a small boy named Mowgli. It all began when the silence of the jungle was broken by an unfamiliar sound.
Bagheera: It was a sound like one never heard before in this part of the jungle. It was a man cub! Had I known how deeply I was to be involved, I would've obeyed my first impulse and walked away.
Mowgli: Hello. What are you doing?
Junior: Shh. Drillin'.
Mowgli: Can I do it, too?
Junior: Sure, just do what I do. But don't talk in ranks. It's against regulations.
Colonel Hathi: Esprit de corps! That's the way I earned my commission in the Majarajah's Fifth Pachyderm Brigade. Back in '88 it was. Or... or was it?
Winifred: Here it comes. The Victoria Cross bit again.
Colonel Hathi: It was then I received the Victoria Cross for bravery above and beyond the call of duty. Ha ha! Those were the days. Discipline! Discipline was the thing! Builds character, and all that sort of thing, you know.
Mowgli: Look. What's that?
Bagheera: Oh, it's the man-village.
Mowgli: No, no. I mean that.
Baloo: Forget about those, they ain't nothing but trouble.
Mowgli: Just a minute. I've never seen one before.
Baloo: So you've seen one. So let's go.
Mowgli: I'll be right back. I want a better look.
Baloo: Mowgli, wait a minute.
Bagheera: Oh, Baloo. Let him have a better look.
Elephants: Hut, two, three, four. Hut, two, three, four.
Shere Khan: What beastly luck! Confound that ridiculous Colonel Hathi!
Bagheera: Baloo, birds of a feather should flock together. You wouldn't marry a panther now, would you?
Baloo: I don't know.
Baloo: Come to think of it, no panther has ever asked me. Ha-ha.
Bagheera: Baloo, you've got to be serious...
Baloo: Oh, stop worrying, Baggy! Stop worrying! I'll take care of him.
Bagheera: Yes, like you did when the monkeys kidnapped him, huh?
Baloo: Can't a guy make one mistake?
Bagheera: Not in the jungle! And another thing, sooner or later Mowgli will meet Shere Khan.
Baloo: The tiger? What's he got against the kid?
Bagheera: He hates man with a vengenance. You know that! Because he fears man's gun and man's fire.
Baloo: But little Mowgli don't have those things.
Bagheera: Shere Khan won't wait until he does. He'll get Mowgli while he's young and helpless. Just one swipe!
Baloo: Oh! Well, what... what are we going to do?
Bagheera: Do what's best for the boy.
Baloo: You better believe it! You name it, I'll do it.
Bagheera: Good. Then make Mowgli go to the man-village.
Baloo: Are you out of your mind? I promised him that he could stay here in the jungle with me.
Bagheera: Well, that's just the point! As long as he remains with you, he's in danger! So, it's up to you.
Baloo: Why me?
Bagheera: B-because he won't listen to me.
Baloo: But I love that kid.
Baloo: I love him like he was my own cub!
Bagheera: Then think what's best for Mowgli, and not yourself.
Baloo: Uh... well, can't... well, can't I wait until morning?
Bagheera: It's morning now. Go on Baloo.
Baloo: Oh boy!
Bagheera: I'm taking you to a man-village.
Mowgli: But why?
Bagheera: Because Shere Khan has returned to this part of the jungle. And he has sworn to kill you.
Mowgli: Kill me? But why would he wanna do that?
Bagheera: He hates man. And Shere Khan is not going to allow you to grow up to become a man. Just another hunter with a gun.
Mowgli: Aw, we'll just explain to him that I'd never do a thing like that.
Bagheera: Nonsense. No one explains anything to Shere Khan.
Mowgli: Well, maybe so. But I'm not afraid. And besides, I...
Bagheera: Now that's enough.
Buzzie: So what we gonna do?
Flaps: I don't know. Hey, now don't start *that* again!
Colonel Hathi: Sorry, Bagheera, fortunes of war and all that sort of thing, you know.
Winifred: This has gone far enough! Far enough!
Winifred: Now just a minute, you pompous old windbag!
Colonel Hathi: Winifred, what are you doing out of ranks?
Winifred: Never mind! How would you like to have our boy lost and alone in the jungle?
Colonel Hathi: Our son?
Colonel Hathi: Alone?
Colonel Hathi: But Winifred, old girl, that's an entirely different matter!
Winifred: Hmph!
Colonel Hathi: Different entirely.
Winifred: That little boy is no different than our own son. Now you help find him or I'm taking over command!
Colonel Hathi: What? A female leading my herd? Utterly preposterous!
Junior: Pop, the man cub and I are friends. He'll get hurt if we don't find him. Please, Pop, sir, please?
Colonel Hathi: Now don't you worry, son. Your father had a plan in mind all the time.
Winifred: Winifred: Sure, you did.
The Girl: Father's hunting in the forest / Mother's cooking in the home / I must go to fetch the water / 'Til the day that I'm grown /'Til I'm grown, 'til I'm grown / I must go to fetch the water/ 'Til the day that I'm grown / Then I will have a handsome husband / And a daughter of my own / And I'll send her to fetch the water / I'll be cooking in the home / Then I'll send her to fetch the water / I'll be cooking in the home
Bagheera: Oh no! It's Baloo, that shiftless, stupid jungle bum.
Bagheera: Now, while you create a disturbance, I'll rescue Mowgli. Got that?
Baloo: I'm gone, man. Solid gone.
Bagheera: Not yet, Baloo!
Kaa: Just you wait till I get you in my coils!
Bagheera: You wouldn't marry a panther, would you?
Baloo: I don't know. Come to think of it, no panther ever asked me.
Colonel Hathi: Well, a new recruit, eh? Ha ha... uh say, what happened to your trunk?
Mowgli: Hey, stop that!
Colonel Hathi: A mancub! This is treason!
Colonel Hathi: Sabotage! I'll have no mancub in my jungle!
Mowgli: It's not your jungle!
Bagheera: Hold it! Hold it! I can explain, Hathi.
Colonel Hathi: Colonel Hathi, if you please sir.
Bagheera: Oh yes. Colonel Hathi. The mancub is with me. I'm taking him to the man village.
Colonel Hathi: To stay?
Bagheera: You have the word of Bagheera.
Colonel Hathi: Good. And remember: an elephant never forgets!
Buzzie: He's safe now. You can let go, Baloo.
Baloo: Are you kidding? There's teeth in the other end!
Baloo: *Beautiful*! That's real jungle harmony.
Mowgli: I like being a bear.
Baloo: That's my boy. And you're gonna make one swell bear. Why, you even sing like one!
Monkey: A rolling bear gathers no hair!
Baloo: Bagheera! BAGHEERA!
Bagheera: Well, it's happened. It took a little longer than I thought, but it's happened.
Baloo: BAGHEERA!
Baloo: Oh, you heard me, huh?
Bagheera: Mowgli? Mowgli!
Bagheera: All right, what's happened? Where's Mowgli?
Baloo: They ambushed me, thousands of 'em!
Baloo: I jabbed with my left, then I swung with a right, and then I...
Bagheera: Oh, for the last time, what happened to Mowgli?
Baloo: Like I told ya, them mangy monkeys carried him off!
Bagheera: The ancient ruins? Oh, I hate to think what will happen when he meets that king of theirs.
Akela: Shere Khan will surely kill the boy and all who try to protect him. Now, are we all in agreement as to what must be done?
Akela: Now it is my unpleasant duty to tell the boy's father. Rama? Come over here, please.
Father Wolf: Yes, Akela?
Akela: The Council has reached its decision. Man-cub can no longer stay with the pack. He must leave at once.
Father Wolf: Leave?
Akela: I am sorry, Rama; there is no other way.
Father Wolf: But... but the man-cub is... is like my own son. Surely he's entitled to the protection of the pack.
Akela: But, Rama, even the strength of the pack is no match for the tiger.
Father Wolf: But the boy cannot survive alone in the jungle.
Bagheera: Akela, perhaps I can be of help.
Akela: You, Bagheera? How?
Bagheera: I know of a man-village where he'll be safe. Mowgli and I have taken many walks into the jungle together. I'm sure he'll go with me.
Akela: So be it. Now there's no time to lose. Good luck.
Mowgli: What do you want me for?
King Louie: Word has grabbed my royal ear... Have a banana.
King Louie: ... that you want to stay in the jungle.
Mowgli: Stay in the jungle? I sure do.
King Louie: Good, and ol' King Louie...
King Louie: Ba-ba-do-bay-boo-boo-doo-doo...
King Louie: ... that's me, can fix it for you.
King Louie: Have two bananas.
King Louie: Have we got a deal?
Mowgli: Yes, sir, I'll do...
Mowgli: I'll do anything to stay in the jungle.
King Louie: Well, then, I'll lay it on the line for you.
Bagheera: And now what's happened?
Baloo: You're not gonna believe me, Bagheera, but look. Now I used the same words you did and he ran out on me!
Bagheera: Well, don't just stand there! Let's separate! We've got to find him.
Baloo: Oh, boy, if anything happens to that little guy, I'll never forgive myself. I've *gotta* find him!
Winifred: Dear, haven't you forgotten something?
Colonel Hathi: Nonsense, Winifred, old girl. An elephant never forgets.
Winifred: Well, you just forgot our *son*!
Bagheera: Mowgli seems to have man's ability to get into trouble, and your influence hasn't been exactly...
Baloo: Shh!
Baloo: Keep it down! You're gonna wake little buddy. He's had a big day. It was a sockeroo. You know, it ain't easy learning to be like me.
Bagheera: A disgraceful performance! Associating with those undesirable scatterbrain apes? I hope Mowgli learned something from that experience.
Mowgli: Scooby-dooby, dooby-doo...
Baloo: That's my boy.
Bagheera: Oh, nonsense.
Baloo: Well, it's a doo-bah-dee-doo, yes, it's a doo-bah-dee-doo, I mean a doo-bee, doo-bee, doo-bee, doo-bee, doo-bee-dee-doo. And with...
Baloo: Well, now. Ha ha! What have we here?
Baloo: Hmmm. Say, what a funny little bit of a...
Mowgli: Go away!
Baloo: Oh, boy! I've seen everything in these woods. Ooh, what have I run on? What a pretty thing this is.
Mowgli: Leave me alone.
Baloo: Well, now. That's pretty big talk, little britches.
Mowgli: I'm big enough.
Baloo: Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk. Pitiful. Hey, kid. You need help, and ol' Baloo's gonna learn ya to fight like a bear.
Baloo: He's hooked.
Bagheera: Ah, it was inevitable, Baloo. The boy couldn't help himself. It was bound to happen. Mowgli is where he belongs now.
Baloo: Yeah. I guess you're right. But I still think he'd have made one swell bear. Well, come on, Baggy, buddy. Let's get back where we belong. And get with the beat.
King Louie: Ha-ha, so you're the mancub? Crazy.
Mowgli: I'm not as crazy as you are. Put me down!
Shere Khan: Element of surprise? Ho! I say. And now for my rendez-vous with the lost man-cub.
Mowgli: Bagheera, where are we going?
Bagheera: You're going back to the man-village right now.
Mowgli: I'm not going.
Bagheera: Oh, yes, you are.
Mowgli: I'm staying right here.
Bagheera: You're going if I have to drag you every step of the way.
Bagheera: Let go, you!
Mowgli: *You* let go of *me*!
Bagheera: Oh, that does it! I've had it, man-cub! From now on, you're on your own... ALONE!
Mowgli: Don't worry about me.
Monkey: It's Baloo the bear!
Second Monkey: Yeah, that's him! How'd that square get in there?
Buzzie: You can let go now, Baloo.
Baloo: Are you kidding? There's teeth at the other end!
Flaps: Blimey! He's got legs like a stork, he has.
Buzzie: Like a stork, yeah. But he ain't got no feathers, he ain't.
Bagheera: Now, for the last time, go to sleep!     