
Holly Sargis: One day, while taking a look at some vistas in Dad's stereopticon, it hit me that I was just this little girl, born in Texas, whose father was a sign painter, who only had just so many years to live. It sent a chill down my spine and I thought where would I be this very moment, if Kit had never met me? Or killed anybody... this very moment... if my mom had never met my dad... if she had never died. And what's the man I'll marry gonna look like? What's he doing right this minute? Is he thinking about me now, by some coincidence, even though he doesn't know me? Does it show on his face? For days afterwards I lived in dread. Sometimes I wished I could fall asleep and be taken off to some magical land, and this never happened.
Holly Sargis: At this moment, I didn't feel shame or fear, but just kind of blah, like when you're sitting there and all the water's run out of the bathtub.
Holly Sargis: Holly Sargis: Kit and I were taken back to South Dakota. They kept him in solitary, so he didn't have a chance to get acquainted with the other inmates, though he was sure they'd like him, especially the murderers. Myself, I got off with probation and a lot of nasty looks. Later I married the son of the lawyer who defended me. Kit went to sleep in the courtroom while his confession was being read, and he was sentenced to die in the electric chair. On a warm spring night, six months later, after donating his body to science, he did.
Kit Carruthers: Sir... Where'd you get that hat?
Trooper: State.
Kit Carruthers: Boy, I'd like to buy me one of those.
Trooper: You're quite an individual, Kit.
Kit Carruthers: Think they'll take that into consideration?
Kit Carruthers: Listen to your parents and teachers. They got a line on most things, so don't treat em like enemies. There's always an outside chance you can learn something. Try to keep an open mind. Try to understand the viewpoints of others. Consider the minority opinion. But try to get along with the majority of opinion once it's accepted. Of course Holly and I have had fun, even if it has been rushed. And uh, so far a good sign, hadn't got caught. Excuse the grammar.
Deputy: You know who that son of a bitch looks like? You know, don't you?
Sheriff: No.
Deputy: I'll kiss your ass if he don't look like James Dean.
Kit Carruthers: I'll give you a dollar if you eat this collie.
Cato: I wouldn't eat it for a dollar.
Holly Sargis: He needed me now more than ever, but something had come between us. I'd stopped even paying attention to him. Instead I sat in the car and read a map and spelled out entire sentences with my tongue on the roof of mouth where nobody could read them.
Kit Carruthers: My girl Holly and I decided to kill ourselves. The same way I did her Daddy. Big decision, you know. Uh, the reasons are obvious. I don't have time to go into right now. But, one thing though, he was provoking me when I popped him. Well that's what it was like. Pop. I'm sorry. I mean, nobody's coming out of this thing happy. Especially not us. I can't deny we've had fun though.
Kit Carruthers: Don't worry, now. I'm gonna' get you off these charges. There's a whole lot of other boys out there waitin' for you. And you're gonna' have a lot of fun... Boy, we rang the bell, didn't we? I'll say this, though. That guy with the deaf maid? He's just lucky he's not dead, too. Of course, uh, too bad about your dad...
Holly Sargis: Yeah.
Kit Carruthers: We're gonna' have to sit down and talk about that sometime.
Kit Carruthers: You Tired?
Holly Sargis: Yeah.
Kit Carruthers: Yeah, you look tired... Listen, honey. when all this is over, I'm going to sit down and buy you a big, thick steak.
Holly Sargis: I don't want a steak.
Kit Carruthers: Well, we'll see about that... Hey, lookie.
Kit Carruthers: Suppose I shot you. How'd that be?
Holly Sargis: Then sure enough Dad found out I been running around behind his back. He was madder than I ever seen him. His punishment for deceiving him: he went and shot my dog. He made me take extra music lessons everyday after school, and wait there 'till he came to pick me up. He said that if the piano didn't keep me off the streets, maybe the clarinet would.
Kit Carruthers: Boy, if I could sing a song like that. If I could sing a song about the way I feel right now... it'd be a hit.
Holly Sargis: How's he doin'?
Kit Carruthers: I got him in the stomach.
Holly Sargis: Is he upset?
Kit Carruthers: He didn't say nothing to me about it.
Holly Sargis: Little did I realise that what began in the alleys and back ways of this quiet town would end in the Badlands of Montana.
Kit Carruthers: Hi, I'm Kit. I'm not keeping you from anything important am I?
Holly Sargis: No.
Holly Sargis: Kit was glad to leave South Dakota behind, and cursed its name. He said that if the Communists ever dropped the atomic bomb, he wished they'd put it right in the middle of Rapid City.
Holly Sargis: Did you hear about the guy at the nuthouse that walked around naked except for hat and gloves? This nurse came up to him and said, "You can't walk around that way." And the guy says, "It's okay, nobody comes around here anyway." And the nurse says, "Well, what do you have on the hat and gloves for?" And the guy says, "Well, you never know..."
Holly Sargis: It was better to live a week with someone who loved me for what I was, then years of loneliness.
Holly Sargis: My Mother died of pneumonia when I was just a kid. My Father kept their wedding cake in the freezer for ten whole years. After the funeral he gave it to the yard man. He tried to act cheerful but he could never be consoled by the little stranger he found in his house. Then one day hoping to begin a new life away from the scene of all these memories he moved us from Texas to Port Dupree, South Dakota.
Holly Sargis: Of course I had to keep all of this a secret from my Dad. He would had a fit because Kit was ten years older than me and came from the wrong side of the tracks so called.
Holly Sargis: We hid out in the wilderness down by a river in the grove of Cotton Woods. Being the flood season we built our house in the trees.
Holly Sargis: At the very edge of the horizon we could make out the gas fires of the refineries at Missoula, while to the south we could see the lights of Cheyenne, a city bigger and grander than I'd ever seen.
Kit Carruthers: You tossed my hat out the window.
Sheriff: Want to sue me?
Kit Carruthers: No.
Kit Carruthers: I always wanted to be a criminal, I guess. Just not this big of a one.
Kit Carruthers: Hey, I found a toaster.
Father: I don't want you hanging anymore. I don't wanna see you again. Understand?
Holly Sargis: They hadn't found but one set of bones in the ashes of the house so we knew they'd be looking for us. Kit made sure we'd be prepared. He gave me lectures on how a gun works, how to take it apart, and put it back together again, in case I had to carry on without him. He said that if the devil came at me, I'd shoot him with a gun. One day I carried thirty pounds of wood a distance of five miles. Another day while hiding in the forest I covered my eyes with make up to see how they'd come out.
Kit Carruthers: Think I got him?
Holly Sargis: I don't know.
Kit Carruthers: Well I'm not going down there and look.
Kit Carruthers: I quit my job... How do you say "quit my job" in Spanish?
Holly Sargis: Something "mi trabajo".
Kit Carruthers: Well, I'm goin' to work as a cowboy now.
Kit Carruthers: Oh, uh... if you wanna call the police, it's fine. Won't be so hot for me.
Kit Carruthers: Hi, I'm Kit. I'm not keeping you from anything important, am I?
Holly Sargis: No.
Kit Carruthers: Well, I was just messing around over there, thought I'd come over and say hello to you.
Kit Carruthers: I'll try anything once.
Kit Carruthers: What's your name? I said mine.
Holly Sargis: Holly.
Kit Carruthers: Listen, Holly, you want to take a walk with me?
Holly Sargis: What for?
Kit Carruthers: Well. I got some stuff to say. Guess I'm kind of lucky that way. Most people don't have anything on their minds, do they? Oh incidentally, my last name is Carruthers. Sounds a little too much like "druthers," doesn't it?
Holly Sargis: It's okay.
Kit Carruthers: Well, nobody asked me what I thought. They just hung it on me.
Kit Carruthers: I shot him in the stomach.
Holly Sargis: Is he mad?
Kit Carruthers: He didn't say nothing to me about it.
Kit Carruthers: Get out of here! Run! Someone's coming! Hide! Hey! Holly.
Trooper: You're quite an individual Kit.
Kit Carruthers: Think they'd take that into consideration
Holly Sargis: We planned a huge network of tunnels under the forrest floor, and our first order of business every morning was to decide on a new pathway for the day.
Kit Carruthers: We'll keep headin' for that mountain. Just remember I said it wasn't such a hot idea.
Father: You sumpin'.
Kit Carruthers: Takes all kinds, sir.     