
Minnie Castevet: He chose you, honey! From all the women in the world to be the mother of his only living son!
Roman Castevet: Rock him.
Rosemary Woodhouse: You're trying to get me to be his mother.
Roman Castevet: Aren't you his mother?
Rosemary Woodhouse: This is no dream! This is really happening!
Rosemary Woodhouse: Oh, God!
Roman Castevet: God is dead! Satan lives!
Rosemary Woodhouse: What have you done to him? What have you done to his eyes, you maniacs!
Roman Castevet: He has his father's eyes.
Rosemary Woodhouse: What do you mean? Guy's eyes are normal!
Rosemary Woodhouse: You... you had me while I was out?
Guy Woodhouse: It was kinda fun in a necrophile sort of way
Rosemary Woodhouse: I dreamed someone was raping me. I think it was someone inhuman.
Guy Woodhouse: Thanks a lot.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Witches... All of them witches!
Edward "Hutch" Hutchins: Pregnant women are supposed to gain, not lose weight!
Roman Castevet: To 1966! The year One.
Roman Castevet: No pope ever visits a city where the newspapers are on strike.
Minnie Castevet: I heard he's gonna postpone and wait till it's over.
Guy Woodhouse: Well, that's showbiz.
Roman Castevet: That's exactly what it is: all the costumes, the rituals - all religions.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Pain, begone, I will have no more of thee!
Roman Castevet: Rosemary...
Rosemary Woodhouse: Shut up.
Roman Castevet: Rosemary...
Rosemary Woodhouse: Shut up. You're in Dubrovnik, I don't hear you.
Rosemary Woodhouse: You're lying. It didn't die. You took it. You're lying. You witches! You're lying! You're lying! You're lying! You're LYING!
Mrs. Gilmore: We're your friends, Rosemary. There's nothing to be scared about. Honest and truly, there isn't!
Guy Woodhouse: What the hell is that?
Rosemary Woodhouse: I've been to Vidal Sassoon.
Guy Woodhouse: You mean you actually paid for it?
Mr. Nicklas: Are you a doctor?
Guy Woodhouse: Yes. Yes.
Rosemary Woodhouse: He's an actor.
Mr. Nicklas: Oh, an actor. We're very popular with actors. Have I, uh, seen you in anything?
Guy Woodhouse: Well ,let's see, I-I did "Hamlet" a while back, didn't I, Liz? And then we did "The, uh, The Sandpiper" and then...
Rosemary Woodhouse: He's joking. He was in "Luther" and "Nobody Loves an Albatross" and a lot of television plays and commercials.
Mr. Nicklas: Well, that's where the money is, isn't it? Commercials?
Guy Woodhouse: And the artistic thrills, too!
Dr. Abe Sapirstein: Come with us quietly, Rosemary. Don't argue or make a scene. Because if you say anything more about witches or witchcraft, we're gonna be forced to take you to a mental hospital. You don't want that, do you?
Rosemary Woodhouse: Unspeakable... unspeakable!
Rosemary Woodhouse: Oh, God. Oh, God.
Laura-Louise McBirney: Oh, shut up with your "Oh, Gods" or we'll kill you, milk or no milk!
Guy Woodhouse: You know what Dr. Hill is? He's a Charlie Nobody, that's who he is!
Rosemary Woodhouse: I'm tired of hearing about how great Dr. Sapirstein is!
Guy Woodhouse: Well, I won't let you do it Ro.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Why not?
Guy Woodhouse: Well, because... because it wouldn't be fair to Sapirstein.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Not fair to Sap... - what do you mean? What about what's fair to me?
Rosemary Woodhouse: Isn't Hutch coming with us?
Skipper: Catholics only, Miss. I'm afraid that we're bound by these prejudices.
Rosemary Woodhouse: I understand.
Rosemary Woodhouse: They use blood in their rituals, and the blood with the most power is baby's blood!
Rosemary Woodhouse: Awful things happen in every apartment house.
Edward "Hutch" Hutchins: I see you had another suicide up there at, uh, Happy House.
Roman Castevet: I think we're offending Rosemary...
Rosemary Woodhouse: I wasn't offended, really I wasn't.
Roman Castevet: You're not religious, my dear, are you?
Rosemary Woodhouse: I was brought up a Catholic... now, I don't know.
Joan Jellico, Rosemary's Girlfriend: You dirty stinking secret keeper!
Minnie Castevet: Now! That's what I call the long arm of coincidence!
Minnie Castevet: As long as she ate the mouse, she can't see nor hear. Now sing.
Mrs. John F. Kennedy: I'm sorry to hear you aren't feeling well.
Rosemary Woodhouse: It's just a mouse bite.
Mrs. John F. Kennedy: Perhaps you'd better have your legs tied down in case of convulsions.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Yes, I suppose so. If it was rabid...
Mrs. John F. Kennedy: If the music bothers you, please let me know and I'll have it stopped.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Oh, no, no, no. Please don't change the program on my account...
Mrs. John F. Kennedy: All right. Now, try to sleep. We'll be waiting for you up on deck.
Guy Woodhouse: Good ol' Hutch. He's spreading cheer wherever he goes. I'm gonna get a newspaper, honey.
Guy Woodhouse: He's a professional crepe-hanger.
Rosemary Woodhouse: He's not a professional crepe-hanger.
Guy Woodhouse: Then he's one of the top-ranking amateurs.
Roman Castevet: I knew this would happen. I kept telling my wife that she would kill herself, but she pooh-pooh'd me.
Minnie Castevet: Oh, are you *preg*nant?
Dr. Abe Sapirstein: Fantastic! Absolutely fantastic! What did you say the name was? Machado?
Rosemary Woodhouse: I *won't* have an abortion!
Joan Jellico, Rosemary's Girlfriend: But nobody's telling you to have an abortion!
Elise Dunstan: Rosie, a pain like that is a clear sign that something is not right. We just want you to get another opinion, see someone else, that's all.
Tiger, Rosemary's girlfriend: Yeah, some doctor besides that... that... *nut*!
Grace Cardiff: He told me to make sure and tell you: the name is an anagram.
Rosemary Woodhouse: I look awful.
Guy Woodhouse: What are you talking about? You look great. It's that haircut that looks awful.
Minnie Castevet: Easy! Easy! You've got her too high!
Rosemary Woodhouse: Tannis, anyone?
Rosemary Woodhouse: It has an under-taste.
Rosemary Woodhouse: A chalky under-taste.
Minnie Castevet: Anyone! Anyone! It didn't have to be a no-good slut straight from the gutter. Just as long as she is young, healthy and not a virgin!
Rosemary Woodhouse: What's in this drink?
Minnie Castevet: Snips and snails and puppy dog's tails.
Rosemary Woodhouse: Oh? And what if we wanted a girl?
Minnie Castevet: Do you?
Rosemary Woodhouse: Well, it would be nice if the first one was a boy.
Elise Dunstan: Why, congratulations, papa!
Guy Woodhouse: Thanks! There was nothing to it.
Mr. Nicklas: That's *odd*!
Rosemary Woodhouse: I thought you were Victoria Vetri, the actress.
Terry Gionoffrio: That's OK. Everybody thinks I'm Victoria. I don't see the resemblance, though.
Minnie Castevet: ... and please don't tell me what Laura-Louise said, 'cause I'm *not* interested!     