
Pinkley: Where are you from, son?
Soldier: Madison City, Missouri, sir!
Pinkley: Never heard of it.
Major John Reisman: So what does that give you?
Capt. Stuart Kinder: Doesn't give me anything. But along with these other results, it gives *you* just about the most twisted, anti-social bunch of psychopathic deformities I have ever run into! And the worst, the most dangerous of the bunch, is Maggott. You've got one religious maniac, one malignant dwarf, two near-idiots... and the rest I don't even wanna think about!
Major John Reisman: Well, I can't think of a better way to fight a war.
Capt. Stuart Kinder: These people don't know their enemy is the Germans. They think the enemy is their own United States Army!
Major John Reisman: Maybe that's because the Germans haven't done anything to them yet.
Major John Reisman: Posey, what did they lock you up for? I mean, what did you do?
Samson Posey: I already told you that sir.
Major John Reisman: Well tell me again. I'm sure your friends over here would like to know too.
Samson Posey: This fella kept pushing me. I don't like t be pushed so I hit him.
Major John Reisman: Killed a man with your bare hands because he shoved you?
Samson Posey: I only hit him once.
Major John Reisman: Only him him once. And drove his jawbone right through his brain because he pushed him.
Joseph T. Wladislaw: Killin' generals could get to be a habit with me.
Major John Reisman: Any questions?
Maggot: Suh? Do we have to eat with niggahs?
Sergeant Clyde Bowren: : What's going on, sir?
Major John Reisman: Oh, the gentleman from the South had a question about the dining arrangements. He and his comrades are discussing place settings now.
Major John Reisman: Which one of you guys wants to be a general?
Major John Reisman: Pinkley?
Pinkley: What kind of general, sir?
Major John Reisman: Just a plain, ordinary, every day, home-lovin' American general.
Pinkley: I'd rather be a civilian, sir.
Major John Reisman: And kill any officer in sight.
Victor R. Franko: Ours or theirs?
Soldier: 1. Down to the road block, we've just begun 2. The guards are through 3. The Major's men are on a spree 4. Major and Wladislaw go through the door 5. Pinkley stays out in the drive 6. The Major gives the rope a fix 7. Wladislaw throws the hook to heaven 8. Jimenez has got a date 9. The other guys go up the line 10. Sawyer and Lever are in the pen 11. Posey guards points five and seven 12. Wladislaw and the Major go down to delve 13. Franko goes up without being seen 14. Zero-hour: Jimenez cuts the cable; Franko cuts the phone 15. Franko goes in where the others have been 16. We all come out like it's Halloween
Samson Posey: I reckon the folks'd be a sight happier if I died like a soldier. Can't say I would.
Victor R. Franko: Hey! What's the matter with you? You think I want to die? Ha! If you think that then you don't know Victor Franko.
Pinkley: Very pretty, Colonel, Very pretty, But, can they fight?
Major John Reisman: You've seen a general inspecting troops before haven't you? Just walk slow, act dumb and look stupid!
Major John Reisman: I never went in for embroidery, just results.
Maggot: It's judgment day, sinners! Come out, come out wherever you are!
Joseph T. Wladislaw: I wish I could read this. I think it's dirty.
Major John Reisman: How come you speak German?
Joseph T. Wladislaw: My old man came from Silesia. He didn't speak German, he didn't dig coal. If he didn't dig coal, he didn't eat.
Col. Everett Dasher Breed: Reisman! Some people may consider you a first-class officer. But as far as I'm concerned, you're a disorganized, undisciplined clown. I'm gonna' make it my business to run you out of this Army.
Major John Reisman: I owe you an apology, colonel. I always thought that you were a cold, unimaginative, tight-lipped officer. But you're really quite emotional, aren't you?
Maj. Gen. Worden: This war was *not* started for your private gratification, and you can be damned sure it's not being run for your personal convenience, either!
Samson Posey: I don't want to hurt you Major.
Major John Reisman: You're not gonna hurt me, I'm gonna hurt you.
Capt. Stuart Kinder: I wonder if any of them even know it's Mother's Day.
Major John Reisman: is it?
Major John Reisman: And where is Donald Duck?
Samson Posey: Donald Duck's down at the crossroads with a machine gun.
Major John Reisman: He'd better not be asleep or we all be in trouble, huh!
Sergeant Clyde Bowren: Franko, V.R.; death by hanging. Vladek, M.; thirty years hard labor. Jefferson, R. T.; death by hanging. Pinkley, V.L.; thirty years imprisonment. Gilpin, S.; thirty years hard labor. Posey, S.; death by hanging. Wladislaw, T.; death by hanging. Sawyer, S. K.; twenty years hard labor. Lever, R.; twenty years imprisonment. Bravos, T.R.; twenty years hard labor. Jiminez, J.P.; twenty years hard labor. Maggott, A.J.; death by hanging.
Sergeant Clyde Bowren: Everybody's slipping on soap around here!
Major John Reisman: What do you think, Sergeant?
Sergeant Clyde Bowren: I think you'll do just fine, sir.
Major John Reisman: Don't give me that! I said what do you think?
Sergeant Clyde Bowren: I think the first chance one of those lovers gets, he's going to shoot the Major right in the head... sir.
Major John Reisman: Boy, do I love that Franko.
Major John Reisman: Seventeen. D-day. We get out as best we can and make our way to the coast. And hope that the entire invasion hasn't been a total disaster. Otherwise, we got a long swim home.
Maj. Gen. Worden: What do you say, Major?
Major John Reisman: lt confirms a suspicion l've had for some time now, sir.
Maj. Gen. Worden: Think we might share that suspicion? l think you should.
Major John Reisman: Since we are over here to try to win the war, it shouldn't be advertised that someone we work for is a raving lunatic.
Gen. Denton: Major Reisman is heading toward a court martial of his own. He's the most ill-mannered, ill-disciplined officer that it's ever been my displeasure to meet.
Maj. Gen. Worden: You think so, Denton? You may be right. But he's sure right about one thing. Somebody up there must be a raving lunatic.
Gen. Denton: I take it you don't deny your responsibility for the fact that on the night of April 14/15, a military establishment of the United States Army was the scene of a drunken party! At which no less than seven female civilians took an active part!
Major John Reisman: Oh yes, sir, they took an active part.
Col. Everett Dasher Breed: What's your name, soldier?
Pinkley: Number two, Sir!
Major John Reisman: You know what to do, free the French and shoot the Germans!
Major John Reisman: You only hit him once?
Samson Posey: I didn't mean to kill him!     