
Sam the Lion: If she was here I'd probably be just as crazy now as I was then in about 5 minutes. Ain't that ridiculous?... Naw, it ain't really. 'Cause being crazy about a woman like her is always the right thing to do. Being an old decrepit bag of bones, that's what's ridiculous. Gettin' old.
Ruth Popper: Never you mind, honey. Never you mind.
Sam the Lion: Chicken fry me a steak and try to use meat this time!
Jacy Farrow: Well you married Daddy when he was poor and he got rich, didn't he?
Lois Farrow: Scared your daddy into getting rich, beautiful.
Jacy Farrow: Well if Daddy could do it, Duane could too.
Lois Farrow: Not married to you. You're not scary enough.
Jacy Farrow: Thank God, I'm glad I weren't on fire - I would've burned to death before you got one button undone.
Duane Jackson: I'll see you in a year or two if I don't get shot.
Sam the Lion: You boys can get on out of here, I don't want to have no more to do with you. Scarin' a poor, unfortunate creature like Billy just so's you could have a few laughs - I've been around that trashy behavior all my life, I'm gettin' tired of puttin' up with it. Now you can stay out of this pool hall, out of my cafe, and my picture show too - I don't want no more of your business.
Lois Farrow: I guess if it wasn't for Sam, I'd have missed it, whatever it is. I'd have been one of them amity types that thinks that playin' bridge is about the best thing that life has to offer.
Abilene: Hello.
Lois Farrow: Abilene, you asleep?
Abilene: No.
Lois Farrow: You like company?
Abilene: Well, I thought I'd drive out, see how my well was coming.
Lois Farrow: Drill hard. You're better at oil wells anyway.
Sam the Lion: Bein' crazy about a woman like that is always the right thing to do!
Ruth Popper: Y'see? You shouldn't have come here. I'm around that corner now. You've ruined it and it's lost completely. Just your needing me won't make it come back.
Sonny Crawford: Nothin's really been right since Sam the Lion died.
Charlene Duggs: Now don't go tellin' all the boys how hot I was.
Sonny Crawford: You wasn't that hot.
Sonny Crawford: He was sweeping you sons of bitches, he was sweeping!
Duane Jackson: Hi Jacy, it's Duane.
Jacy Farrow: What's on your feeble mind Duane?
Sam the Lion: You see? This is what I get for bettin' on my own home town ballteam. I ought'a have better sense.
Abilene: Wouldn't hurt to have a better home town.
Genevieve: One thing I know for sure. A person can't sneeze in this town without somebody offering them a handkerchief.
Jacy Farrow: Oh, quit prissing. I don't think you done it right, anyway.
Coach Popper: If you all didn't jack off too much, maybe you'd stay in shape.
Radio announcer: President Truman'll be here tomorrow, so all you folks in Dallas turn out, chuh hear? This is Cowboy Rhythms on KTRN, Wichita Falls, here's Hank Williams' big hit tune, "Cold Cold Heart".
Sam the Lion: You ain't ever gonna amount to nothing. Already spent a dime this morning, ain't even had a decent breakfast. Gimme the chalk. Why don't you comb you hair Sonny, it sticks up, look like you smelled'm wolf. I'm surprised you had the nerve to show up this morning after that stomping y'all took last night.
Sonny Crawford: Say, I hear Duane joined the Army.
Genevieve: Good place for him too.
Sonny Crawford: Oh, he was just holding that bottle. He didn't mean to hit me with it.
Genevieve: That boy always had meaness in him. Of course, Jacy's just the kind of girl that brings out the meaness in a man. She's just like her grandmother. Oh, I hadn't ought to talk about them, anyhow. We was all good friends once. Dan roughnecked with Gene Farrow. He and Lois, they used to live in this little one-room place over the newspaper office. Lois couldn't afford a flour sack, much less a mink. I've always had a soft spot for her, though. Yeah, I wondered a lot of times what would've happened if Dan made the strikes that Gene made. They offered that rig to him first. Dan Morgan never took a chance in his life.
Sonny Crawford: Don't you wish y'all had made it?
Genevieve: Sure, I wish we made it.
Jacy Farrow: Oh! What's the matter with you?
Duane Jackson: I don't know, I don't know... something's happened.
Jacy Farrow: Well, get off me a minute, for goodness sakes, you might fall down and mash me.
Duane Jackson: Well, I don't know what happened.
Jacy Farrow: It was Mexico! No tellin' *what* you got down there... I just hate you! I don't know why I ever went with you!
Duane Jackson: I don't know what happened.
Jacy Farrow: Well, put your clothes on, you think I wanna sit around here lookin' at you naked? I might've known you couldn't do it. Now I'll never get to not be a virgin. What'll we tell everybody? The whole class knows! I just want to cry! You're about the meanest boy I ever saw! My mama was dead right about you.
Duane Jackson: Well, I don't know what happened.
Jacy Farrow: Don't go out there! We haven't had time to do it. They'd know! I don't want one soul to know. You'd better not tell one soul!
Jacy Farrow: You just pretend it was *wonderful*!
Duane Jackson: Well, I'm sorry, I don't know what happened.
Jacy Farrow: Oh! If you say that one more time, I'll BITE you!
Bobby Sheen: Hey, new victims!     