
Chirrut Îmwe: I'm one with the Force, and the Force is with me.
Cassian Andor: Make ten men feel like a hundred.
Darth Vader: Be careful not to choke on your aspirations, Director.
K-2SO: Did you know that wasn't me?
Jyn Erso: Yeah. Of course.
Cassian Andor: K-2! K-2! Where are you?
K-2SO: There you are. I'm standing by as you requested, although there's a problem on the horizon. There's no horizon.
K-2SO: There were a lot of explosions for two people blending in.
K-2SO: I'll be there for you.
K-2SO: Cassian said I had to.
Baze Malbus: Good luck!
Chirrut Îmwe: I don't need luck! I have you!
Stormtrooper #1: Where are you taking these prisoners?
K-2SO: These are prisoners.
Stormtrooper #1: Yes. Where are you taking them?
K-2SO: I am... taking them... to imprison them... in prison.
Cassian Andor: He's taking us to...
K-2SO: Quiet! And there's a fresh one if you mouth off again.
Jyn Erso: We have hope. Rebellions are built on hope!
K-2SO: I've got a bad feeling about...
Cassian Andor: K!
Jyn Erso: Quiet!
K-2SO: Congratulations. You are being rescued. Please do not resist.
K-2SO: Your behavior, Jyn Erso, is continually unexpected.
Bodhi Rook: This is Rogue One.
Jyn Erso: If we can make it to the ground, we'll take the next chance. And the next. On and on until we win... or the chances are spent.
Blockade Runner Pilot: Your Highness. The transmissions we received.
Blockade Runner Pilot: What is it that they've sent us?
Princess Leia: Hope.
Orson Krennic: I delivered the weapon the Emperor requested. I deserve an audience to make certain he understands its remarkable... potential.
Darth Vader: Its power to create problems has certainly been confirmed. A city destroyed... an Imperial facility openly attacked.
Orson Krennic: It was Governor Tarkin that suggested the test.
Darth Vader: You were not summoned here to grovel, Director Krennic.
Orson Krennic: No, it...
Darth Vader: There is no Death Star. The Senate has been informed that Jedha was destroyed in a mining disaster.
Orson Krennic: Yes, my lord.
Darth Vader: I expect you not to rest until you can assure the Emperor that Galen Erso has not compromised this weapon in any way.
Chirrut Îmwe: Are you *kidding* me? I'm blind!
Galen Erso: We call it the Death Star. There is no better name... and the day is coming soon when it will be unleashed.
Saw Gerrera: Save the Rebellion! Save the dream.
K-2SO: Would you like to know the probablility of her using it against you?
K-2SO: It's high.
Cassian Andor: Let's get going.
K-2SO: It's very high.
Jyn Erso: What chance do we have? The question is "what choice." Run, hide, plead for mercy, scatter your forces. You give way to an enemy this evil with this much power and you condemn the galaxy to an eternity of submission. The time to fight is now!
Stormtrooper #5: Hey, did you hear the rumors?
Stromtrooper #6: Yeah, the T-15s have been marked obsolete.
Stormtrooper #5: Oh boy, it's about time for that.
Jyn Erso: I'm not used to people sticking around when things go bad.
Cassian Andor: Welcome home.
K-2SO: The captain says you're a friend. I will not kill you.
Jyn Erso: Thanks.
Cassian Andor: Where'd you get that?
Jyn Erso: I found it.
K-2SO: I find that answer vague and unconvincing.
Jyn Erso: May the Force be with us.
Chirrut Îmwe: The strongest stars have hearts of kyber.
Bodhi Rook: There's a planet-wide defensive shield with a single main entry gate. This shuttle should be equipped with an access code that allows us through.
K-2SO: Assuming the Empire hasn't logged it as overdue.
Jyn Erso: And if they have?
Bodhi Rook: Then they shut the gate. And we're all annihilated in the cold, dark vacuum of space.
K-2SO: Not me... I can survive in space.
Saw Gerrera: What will you do when they catch you? What will you do if they break you? If you continue to fight, what will you become?
Saw Gerrera: You can stand to see the Imperial flag reign across the galaxy?
Jyn Erso: It's not a problem if you don't look up.
Mon Mothma: Despite what the others say, war is inevitable.
Bail Organa: Yes, I agree. I must return to Alderaan to inform my people that there will be no peace. We will need every advantage.
Mon Mothma: Your friend... the Jedi.
Bail Organa: He served me well during the Clone Wars and has lived in hiding since the Emperor's purge. Yes, I will send for him.
Mon Mothma: You will need someone you can trust.
Bail Organa: I would trust her with my life.
Chirrut Îmwe: Look for the Force...
Baze Malbus: Chirrut.
Chirrut Îmwe: ...and you will always find me.
Rebel Flight Controller: What's your call sign, pilot?
Bodhi Rook: Um...
Jyn Erso: We have to go.
Bodhi Rook: It's, um...
Jyn Erso: Say something. Come on.
Bodhi Rook: Rogue. Rogue One.
Rebel Flight Controller: Rogue One? There is no Rogue One.
K-2SO: Well, there is now.
Admiral Raddus: Rogue One, may the Force be with you.
Mon Mothma: On your own from the age of fifteen; reckless, aggressive, and undisciplined.
Jyn Erso: This is a rebellion, isn't it? I rebel.
K-2SO: I'm surprised you're so concerned with my safety.
Jyn Erso: I'm not. I'm just worried they might miss you... and hit me.
K-2SO: Doesn't sound so bad to me.
Chirrut Îmwe: You almost shot me.
Baze Malbus: You're welcome.
Grand Moff Tarkin: Lord Vader will handle the fleet. Target the base of Scarif. Single reactor ignition... You may fire when ready.
Chirrut Îmwe: And I fear nothing. For all is as the Force wills it.
Galen Erso: You're confusing peace with terror.
Orson Krennic: Well, you have to start somewhere.
Baze Malbus: You don't look happy.
Jyn Erso: They prefer to surrender.
Baze Malbus: And you?
Chirrut Îmwe: She wants to fight.
Bodhi Rook: So do I. We all do.
Chirrut Îmwe: The Force is strong.
Jyn Erso: I'm not sure four of us is quite enough.
Baze Malbus: How many do we need?
Jyn Erso: What are you talking about?
Cassian Andor: They were never gonna believe you.
Jyn Erso: I appreciate the support.
Cassian Andor: But I do. I believe you. We'd like to volunteer. Some of us - well, most of us - we've all done terrible things on behalf of the Rebellion. Spies, saboteurs, assassins. Everything I did, I did for the Rebellion. And every time I walked away from something I wanted to forget, I told myself it was for a cause that I believed in. A cause that was worth it. Without that, we're lost. Everything we've done would have been for nothing. I couldn't face myself if I gave up now. None of us could.
Orson Krennic: We were on the verge of greatness. We were this close to providing peace and security for the galaxy.
Galen Erso: You're confusing peace with terror.
Orson Krennic: Well, you have to start somewhere.
Jyn Erso: You lied about why we came here and you lied about why you went up alone.
Cassian Andor: I had every chance to pull the trigger, but did I?
Cassian Andor: *Did* I?
Jyn Erso: You might as well have. My father was living proof and you put him at risk. Those were Alliance bombs that killed him.
Cassian Andor: I had orders. Orders that I disobeyed. But you wouldn't understand that.
Jyn Erso: Orders? When you know they're wrong? You might as well be a stormtrooper.
Cassian Andor: What do you know? We don't all have the luxury of deciding when and where we want to care about something. Suddenly the Rebellion is real for you. Some of us live it. I've been in this fight since I was *six* years old. You're not the only one who lost everything. Some of us just decided to do something about it.
Jyn Erso: You can't talk your way around this.
Cassian Andor: I don't have to.
Jyn Erso: "Stardust." That's it.
Cassian Andor: How do you know that?
Jyn Erso: I know because it's me.
Chirrut Îmwe: Take hold of this moment. The force is strong.
K-2SO: I can blend in. I'm an Imperial droid. The city is under Imperial occupation.
Jyn Erso: Half the people here wanna reprogram you. The other half wanna put a hole in your head.
Orson Krennic: Oh, look! Here's Lyra. Back from the dead. It's a miracle.
Jyn Erso: They call it the Death Star. But they have no idea... there's a way to defeat it.
Jyn Erso: There isn't much time. Every day they grow stronger.
Grand Moff Tarkin: Failure will find you explaining why to a far less patient audience.
Orson Krennic: I will not fail.
Orson Krennic: Who are you?
Jyn Erso: You know who I am.
Cassian Andor: The temple's been destroyed, but she'll be there waiting. We'll give her your name and hope that gets us a meeting with Saw.
Jyn Erso: Hope?
Cassian Andor: Yeah. Rebellions are built on hope.
Jyn Erso: My father's revenge: he put a flaw in the Death Star. He put a fuse in the middle of your machine, and I've just told the entire galaxy how to light it.
Jyn Erso: Maybe we should leave target practice behind.
K-2SO: I see the Council is sending you with us to Jedha.
Jyn Erso: Apparently so.
K-2SO: That is a bad idea. I think so, and so does Cassian. What do I know? My specialty is just strategic analysis.
Orson Krennic: You're a hard man to find, Galen. But farming... Really? Man of your talents?
Galen Erso: It's a peaceful life.
C-3PO: Scarif? They're going to Scarif? Why does nobody ever tell me anything, R2?
Cassian Andor: This is not working, K!
K-2SO: *Right* hand.
Orson Krennic: Are we blind! Deploy the garrison!
Cassian Andor: You met K-2?
Jyn Erso: Charming.
Cassian Andor: He tends to say whatever comes into his circuits. It's a byproduct of the reprogram.
General Draven: You're currently calling youself Liana Hallik. Is that correct? Possession of unsanctioned weapons. Forgery of Imperial documents. Aggravated assault. Escape from custody. resisting arrest. Imagine if the Imperial authorities had found out who you really were, Jyn Erso. That is your given name, is it not? Jyn Erso, daughter of Galen Erso? A known Imperial collaborator in weapons development.
Jyn Erso: What is this?
Mon Mothma: It's a chance for you to make a fresh start. We think you might be able to help us. This is Captain Cassian Andor, Rebel Intelligence.
Cassian Andor: When was the last time you were in contact with your father?
Jyn Erso: 15 years ago.
Cassian Andor: Any idea where he's been all that time?
Jyn Erso: I'd like to think he's dead. Makes things easier.
Cassian Andor: Easier than what? That he's been a tool of the Imperial war machine?
Jyn Erso: I've never had the luxury of political opinions.
Cassian Andor: Really? When was your last contact with Saw Gerrera?
Jyn Erso: It's been a long time.
Cassian Andor: But he'll remember you, though. Wouldn't he? He might agree to meet you, if you came as a friend.
Grand Moff Tarkin: We need a statement, not a manifesto. The Holy City will be enough for today.
Galen Erso: I love you, Stardust.
Young Jyn: I love you too, Papa.
Orson Krennic: We stand here amidst *my* achievement. Not yours!
Young Jyn: Mama?
Lyra Erso: We know.
Galen Erso: Jyn, gather your things. It's time.
Baze Malbus: There are no Jedi here anymore. Only dreamers like this fool.
Chirrut Îmwe: The Force did protect me.
Baze Malbus: I protected you.
Grand Moff Tarkin: Most unfortunate about the security breach on Jedha, Director Krennic. After so many setbacks and delays, and now this. We've heard of rumors circulating through the city. Apparently, you've lost a rather talkative cargo pilot. If the Senate gets wind of our project, countless systems will flock to the Rebellion.
Orson Krennic: When the battle station is finished, Governor Tarkin, the Senate will be of little concern.
Grand Moff Tarkin: "When" has become "now", Director Krennic. The Emperor will tolerate no further delay. You have made time an ally of the Rebellion. I suggest we solve both problems simultaneously with an immediate test of the weapon.
K-2SO: Clear of hostiles.
K-2SO: One hostile!
Jyn Erso: He's with us.
Baze Malbus: What kind of trap? You said your father made a trap.
Jyn Erso: The reactor. He's placed a weakness there. He's been hiding it for years. He said if you can blow the reactor, the module, the whole system goes down. You need to send word to the Alliance.
Cassian Andor: I've done that.
Jyn Erso: They have to know there's a way to destroy this thing. They have to go to Scarif to get the plans.
Cassian Andor: I can't risk sending that. We're in the heart of Imperial territory.
Jyn Erso: Then we'll find him and bring him back. And he can tell them himself.
Mon Mothma: We have a mission for you. A major weapons test is imminent. We need to know what it *is*, and how to destroy it.
Jyn Erso: The time to fight is now!
Saw Gerrera: Jyn. Is it really you? I can't believe it!
Jyn Erso: Must be quite a surprise.
Saw Gerrera: Are we not still friends?
Jyn Erso: The last time I saw you, you gave me a knife and a loaded blaster and told me to wait in a bunker 'till daylight.
Saw Gerrera: I knew you were safe.
Jyn Erso: You left me behind.
Saw Gerrera: You were already the best soldier in my cadre.
Jyn Erso: I was sixteen!
Saw Gerrera: I was protecting you!
Jyn Erso: You dumped me!
Saw Gerrera: You were the daughter of an Imperial science officer. People were starting to figure that out. People who wanted to use you as a hostage. Not a day goes by that I don't think of you. But today... of all days... It's a trap. Isn't it?
Jyn Erso: What?
Saw Gerrera: The pilot. The message. All of it.
Saw Gerrera: Did they send you? Did you come here... to kill me? There's not much of me left.
Jyn Erso: The Alliance wants my father. They think he sent you a message about a weapon. I guess they think by sending me, you might actually help them out.
Saw Gerrera: So what is it that you want, Jyn?
Jyn Erso: They wanted an introduction, they've got it. I'm out now. Rest of you can do what you want.
Jyn Erso: You seem awfully tense all of a sudden.
Cassian Andor: We have to hurry. This town is ready to blow.
General Draven: We're up against the clock here, girl, so if there's nothing to talk about, we'll just put you back where we found you.
Jyn Erso: We can beat the people who did this. My father's message, I've seen it. They call it the Death Star. But they have no idea there's a way to defeat it. You're wrong about my father.
Cassian Andor: He did build it.
Jyn Erso: Because he knew they'd do it without him. My father made a choice. He sacrificed himself for the Rebellion. He's rigged a trap inside it.
Jyn Erso: That's why he sent you, to bring that message.
Cassian Andor: Where is it? Where's the message?
Jyn Erso: It was a hologram.
Cassian Andor: You have that message, right?
Jyn Erso: Everything happened so fast.
Cassian Andor: Did you see it?
Jyn Erso: You don't believe me?
Cassian Andor: I'm not the one you've got to convince.
Bodhi Rook: This is Rogue One calling any Alliance ships that can hear me. Is there anybody out there? This is Rogue One. Come in, over!
Admiral Raddus: This is Admiral Raddus, Rogue One. We hear you.
Bodhi Rook: We have the plans. They found the Death Star plans. They have to transmit them from the communications tower. You have to take down the shield gate. It's the only way they're gonna get them through.
Admiral Raddus: Call up a Hammerhead corvette. I have an idea.
Bodhi Rook: This is for you, Galen.
Rebel present in the Council: What is she proposing?
Cassian Andor: I had a contact. One of Saw's rebels. But he's just gone missing. His sister will be looking for him.
Tivik: I was about to leave.
Cassian Andor: I came as fast as I could.
Tivik: I have to get back on board. Walk with me.
Cassian Andor: Back to Jedha?
Tivik: They'll leave without me.
Cassian Andor: Easy. You have news from Jedha. Come on.
Tivik: An Imperial pilot, one of the cargo drivers, he defected yesterday. He's telling people they're making a weapon. The kyber crystals, that's what they're for.
Cassian Andor: What kind of weapon?
Tivik: Look, I have to go.
Cassian Andor: *What* kind of weapon?
Tivik: A planet killer! That's what he called it.
Cassian Andor: A planet killer?
Tivik: Someone named Erso sent him. Some old friend of Saw's.
Cassian Andor: Galen Erso? Was it?
Tivik: I don't know! They were looking for Saw when we left.
Cassian Andor: Who else knows about this?
Tivik: I have no idea. It's all falling apart. Saw's right. There's spies everywhere.
Jyn Erso: What's with the Destroyer?
Cassian Andor: It's because of your old friend, Saw Gerrera. He's been attacking the cargo shipments.
Jyn Erso: What are they bringing in?
Cassian Andor: It's "what are they taking out?". Kyber crystal. All they can get. We wondered why they were stripping the temple. Now we know. It's the fuel for the weapon.
Grand Moff Tarkin: The Emperor is awaiting my report.
Orson Krennic: One would hope that he and Lord Vader might've been here for such an occasion.
Grand Moff Tarkin: And I thought it prudent to save you from any potential embarrassment.
Orson Krennic: Your concerns are hardly warranted.
Grand Moff Tarkin: If saying it would only make it so.
Cassian Andor: The pilot says he was sent by your father.
Chirrut Îmwe: Is your foot alright?
Admiral Raddus: I say we fight!
Baze Malbus: I fear nothing. All is as the force wills it.
Saw Gerrera: My child! Come. Come. We have a long ride ahead of us.
Orson Krennic: They have a child! *Find it*!
Orson Krennic: Oh, it's beautiful.     