
Carroll Shelby: There's a point at 7,000 RPM where everything fades. The machine becomes weightless. It just disappears. All that's left, a body moving through space and time. 7,000 RPM, that's where you meet it. You feel it coming. It creeps up near you, and it asks you a question. The only question that really matters. Who are you?
Carroll Shelby: We're lighter, we're faster, and if that don't work, we're nastier.
Ken Miles: You're gonna build a car to beat Ferrari with... a Ford.
Carroll Shelby: Correct.
Ken Miles: And how long did they tell you that they need it? Two, three hundred years?
Carroll Shelby: Ninety days.
Phil Remington: Nice stopwatch.
Carroll Shelby: Want one? They're Italian.
Carroll Shelby: I don't speak Italian, but he ain't happy.
Henry Ford II: This isn't the first time Ford Motors' gone to war. We know how to do more than push papers. Go ahead, Carroll. Go to war.
Carroll Shelby: Thank you, sir.
Lee Iacocca: Carroll Shelby.
Carroll Shelby: Maybe?
Lee Iacocca: Lee Iacocca, Ford Motors. Suppose Henry Ford II wanted to build the greatest race car the world's ever seen, to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans. What's it take?
Carroll Shelby: Well, it takes somethin' money can't buy.
Lee Iacocca: Well, it can buy speed.
Carroll Shelby: It isn't about speed.
Ken Miles: If this were a beauty pageant, we just lost.
Carroll Shelby: Looks aren't everything.
Ken Miles: Look out there. Out there is the perfect lap. You see it?
Peter Miles: I think so.
Ken Miles: Most people can't.
Lee Iacocca: James Bond does not drive a Ford, sir.
Henry Ford II: That's because he's a degenerate.
Enzo Ferrari: Tell him he's not Henry Ford. He is Henry Ford II.
Lee Iacocca: Mr. Ford, Ferrari has a message for you, sir.
Henry Ford II: What did he say?
Lee Iacocca: He said Ford makes ugly little cars in ugly factories.
Henry Ford II: And uh...
Lee Iacocca: He called you fat, sir.
Henry Ford II: We're gonna bury Ferrari at Le Mans.
Carroll Shelby: My name is Carroll Shelby and performance is my business.
Carroll Shelby: How long have we known each other, Champ? Did I ever break a promise to you? I will put you in the driver's seat at Le Mans if you just shut your mouth and let me do my thing.
Carroll Shelby: All right.
Mollie Miles: Morning, Shelby.
Carroll Shelby: Good morning, Mollie.
Mollie Miles: Ken Miles: Ken Miles: Up yours.
Carroll Shelby: Oh, go to hell.     