
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: I saw then that my father's only fear was that his son would follow the same road. And that was the last time I ever held a gun. People always thought I grew up on a farm. And I guess, in a way, I did. But I lived a lifetime before that, in those six weeks on the road in the winter of 1931. When people ask me if Michael Sullivan was a good man, or if there was just no good in him at all, I always give the same answer. I just tell them... he was my father.
John Rooney: I'm glad it's you.
Peter Sullivan: Why are you always smiling?
Connor Rooney: 'Cause it's all so fuckin' hysterical.
Michael Sullivan: He murdered Annie and Peter!
John Rooney: There are only murderers in this room! Michael! Open your eyes! This is the life we chose, the life we lead. And there is only one guarantee: none of us will see heaven.
Michael Sullivan: Michael could.
John Rooney: Then do everything that you can to see that that happens.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: So when do I get my share of the money?
Michael Sullivan: Well... how much do you want?
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: Two hundred dollars.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Deal.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: Could I have had more?
Michael Sullivan: You'll never know.
John Rooney: May you get to Heaven an hour before the Devil knows you're dead
Connor Rooney: I can look after myself.
Frank Nitti: No, you can't! This is the point. You're a big baby who doesn't know his thumb from his dick!
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: Did you like Peter more than me?
Michael Sullivan: No. I loved you both the same.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: You were always... different with me.
Michael Sullivan: Was I?
Michael Sullivan: Well, I suppose it was because Peter was just... such a sweet little boy, you know? And you... you were more like me. And I... didn't want you to be.
John Rooney: A man of honor always pays his debts... and keeps his word.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: I couldn't do it.
Michael Sullivan: I know.
John Rooney: Natural law. Sons are put on this earth to trouble their fathers.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: Does Mama know?
Michael Sullivan: Your mother knows I love Mr. Rooney. When we had nothing, he gave us a home... a life... and we owe him.
Michael Sullivan: If I'm not back in half an hour, you go see Reverend Lynch at First Methodist and you tell him what's happened. Do NOT go to Father Callaway.
Mr. McDougal: Well this is a pleasant surprise. I wasn't expecting another deposit until the end of the month.
Michael Sullivan: Actually, I'm making a withdrawal.
Michael Sullivan: And I want dirty money only, everything you're holding for Capone that's off the books. Open the safe.
Mr. McDougal: You're insane. You know they'll find out who you are.
Michael Sullivan: The name's Sullivan. You want me to spell it?
Jack Kelly: Think, Mike. Don't be stupid. I'm just the messenger.
Michael Sullivan: Then give Mr. Rooney a message for me.
Jack Kelly: What is it?
Michael Sullivan: You gonna frisk me?
Frank the Bouncer: Should I?
Michael Sullivan: It's a good idea.
Michael Sullivan: Look out for the tractor, Mike. Michael... look out for the tractor. You're coming up now. Watch out for the tractor. Watch out for the tractor! Watch out for the tractor!
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: We made it!
Michael Sullivan: Oh, yeah, yeah. We made it.
John Rooney: I curse... the fucking... day... you were born. I curse it!
Michael Sullivan: I'd like to work for you.
Frank Nitti: Well... that's very interesting.
Michael Sullivan: And in return, I'd like you to turn a blind eye to... what I have to do.
Frank Nitti: And what is that?
Michael Sullivan: Kill the man who murdered my family.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: There are many stories about Michael Sullivan. Some say he was a decent man. Some say there was no good in him at all. But I once spent 6 weeks on the road with him, in the winter of 1931. This is our story.
John Rooney: You would like to apologize? Try again.
Michael Sullivan: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry... I'm sorry.
Betty the Waitress: So what brings you guys to the middle of nowhere?
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: We're bank robbers.
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: What are you going to do?
Michael Sullivan: Just one last thing, and then it's done.
Alexander Rance: This is Mr. Rance in the bridal suite and before you proffer your phony congratulations there is no Mrs. Rance residing with me and I'm all the better for it. Now, listen carefully because I am in no mood. I'm going to say this only once. I would like a boiled egg and I want it runny.
Michael Sullivan: So what does the clutch do?
Michael Sullivan, Jr.: It clutches
Alexander Rance: What do you think you're going to accomplish by interfering with our business, Mr. Sullivan?
Michael Sullivan: This has nothing to do with your business.
Alexander Rance: It's all business. That's what you fail to grasp. And in business, you must have something to trade. And you, Mr. Sullivan, have nothing to trade. Especially not for anyone as valuable as Connor Rooney.
Mr. McDougal: You really trust me not to say anything?
Michael Sullivan: Always trust a bank manager.
Maguire: I'm something of a rarity.
Frank Nitti: I understand. But Al wants your assurance that after this, it's over.
Frank Nitti: The Lexington Hotel, room 1432.
Frank Nitti: All these years you've been living under the protection of people who care about you, and those same people are protecting you now, including me. So, if you go ahead with this, if you open that door, you're walking through it alone, and all that loyalty, and all that trust will no longer exist for you. And Mike, you won't make it. Not on your own, and not with a little boy.
Michael Sullivan: You're protecting him already?
Frank Nitti: We're protecting our interests, Mike.
Michael Sullivan: Is that, uh... your profession or... your pleasure?
Maguire: Both, I guess. To be paid to do what you love... ain't that the dream?
Maguire: I shoot the dead. Dead bodies, that is. I don't kill them.
John Rooney: What men do after work is what made us rich. No need to screw them at work as well.
Alexander Rance: It's open. Top marks for speed, no marks for cookery.
Alexander Rance: What, may I ask, do you call this?
Michael Sullivan: Put it down.
Alexander Rance: Mr. Sullivan!
Michael Sullivan: Mr. Rance.
Alexander Rance: How did you find me?
Michael Sullivan: This is the best hotel in the area and you are so very... particular.
Alexander Rance: Yes, indeed, Mr. Sullivan.
Finn McGovern: You rule this town as God rules the Earth. You give, and you take away.
Michael Sullivan: Michael, it's a wake. So I don't want to see those dice.
Finn McGovern: My brother was not wise, and he was not gentle, and with a skin full of whiskey he could be a real pain in the ass, and he never told a lie.
Maguire: Smile.
Maguire: You ever seen one?
Michael Sullivan: Yeah.
Maguire: Sorry for you. Terrible thing... but it sure makes you feel alive, don't it?
Michael Sullivan: I'll drink to that.
Michael Sullivan: Sarah? It's me Mike. We're here...     