
Eli Sunday: Why are you talking about Paul?
Plainview: I did what your brother couldn't.
Eli Sunday: Don't say this to me.
Plainview: I broke you and I beat you. It was Paul who told me about you. He's the prophet. He's the smart one. He knew what was there and he found me to take it out of the ground, and you know what the funny thing is? Listen... listen... listen... I paid him ten thousand dollars, cash in hand, just like that. He has his own company now. A prosperous little business. Three wells producing. Five thousand dollars a week.
Plainview: Stop crying, you sniveling ass! Stop your nonsense. You're just the afterbirth, Eli.
Eli Sunday: No...
Plainview: You slithered out of your mother's filth.
Eli Sunday: No.
Plainview: They should have put you in a glass jar on a mantlepiece. Where were you when Paul was suckling at his mother's teat? Where were you? Who was nursing you, poor Eli? One of Bandy's sows? That land has been had. Nothing you can do about it. It's gone. It's had.
Eli Sunday: If you would just take...
Plainview: You lose.
Eli Sunday: ...this lease, Daniel...
Plainview: Drainage! Drainage, Eli, you boy. Drained dry. I'm so sorry. Here, if you have a milkshake, and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw. There it is, that's a straw, you see? Watch it. Now, my straw reaches acroooooooss the room and starts to drink your milkshake. I... drink... your... milkshake!
Plainview: I drink it up!
Eli Sunday: Don't bully me, Daniel!
Plainview: Did you think your song and dance and your superstition would help you, Eli? I am the Third Revelation! I am who the Lord has chosen!
Plainview: I'm finished.
Plainview: Are you an angry man, Henry?
Henry Brands: About what?
Plainview: Are you envious? D'you get envious?
Henry Brands: I don't think so. No.
Plainview: I have a competition in me. I want no one else to succeed. I hate most people.
Henry Brands: That part of me is gone. Working and not succeeding- all my, uh... failures has left me, uh... I just don't... care.
Plainview: Well, if it's in me, it's in you. There are times when I... I look at people and I see nothing worth liking. I want to earn enough money I can get away from everyone.
Henry Brands: What will you do about your boy?
Plainview: I don't know. Uhhhh, maybe it'll change. Does your sound come back to you? I don't know. Maybe no one knows that. A doctor might not know that.
Henry Brands: Where's his mother?
Plainview: I don't want to talk about those things. I see the worst in people, Henry. I don't need to look past seeing them to get all I need. I've built up my hatreds over the years, little by little. Having you here gives me a second breath of life. I can't keep doing this on my own... with these, umm... people.
Plainview: Ladies and gentlemen... I've traveled over half our state to be here tonight. I couldn't get away sooner because my new well was coming in at Coyote Hills and I had to see about it. That well is now flowing at two thousand barrels and it's paying me an income of five thousand dollars a week. I have two others drilling and I have sixteen producing at Antelope; so, ladies and gentlemen, if I say I'm an oil man, you will agree. Now, you have a great chance here, but bear in mind, you can lose it all if you're not careful. Out of all men that beg for a chance to drill your lots, maybe one in twenty will be oilmen; the rest will be speculators - that's men trying to get between you and the oilmen - to get some of the money that ought by rights come to you. Even if you find one that has money and means to drill, he'll maybe know nothing about drilling and he'll have to hire the job out on contract, and then you're depending on a contractor who'll rush the job through so he can get another contract just as quick as he can. This is... the way that this works.
Man: Well, what is your offer? W-w-we're wasting time.
Plainview: I do my own drilling, and the men that work for me work for me. and they're men I know. I make it my business to be there and to see their work. I don't lose my tools in the hole and spend months fishing for them; I don't botch the cementing off and let water in the hole and ruin the whole lease. I'm a family man. I run a family business. This is my son and my partner, H.W. Plainview.
Plainview: We offer you the bond of family that very few oilmen can understand. I'm fixed like no other company in this field and that's because my Coyote Hills well has just come in. I have a string of tools all ready to put to work. I can load a rig onto trucks and have them here in a week. I have business connections so I can get the lumber for the derrick - such things go by friendship in a rush like this - and this is why I can guarantee to start drilling and to put up the cash to back my word. I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, no matter what the others promise to do, when it comes to the showdown, they won't be there.
HW's Interpreter, George: I'd prefer to speak to you in private.
Plainview: You can't speak. so why don't you flap your hands about and have what's-his-name tell me where you've been. Or do you think I don't know?
HW's Interpreter, George: This is hard for me to say. I'll tell you first: I love you very much. I've learned to love what I do because of you. I'm leaving here. I'm going to Mexico. I'm taking Mary, and I'm going to Mexico. I miss working outside. I miss the fields. It'll only be for a time, for me to do my own drilling and start my own company. It's time to make a change.
Plainview: This makes you my competitor.
HW's Interpreter, George: No. No, it's not like that.
Plainview: It is like that - boy. Your own company, huh?
HW's Interpreter, George: That's right.
Plainview: In Mexico.
HW's Interpreter, George: Yes.
Plainview: You're making such a misstep. So, what are you doing?
HW's Interpreter, George: I know you and I have disagreed over many things. I'd rather keep you as my father than my partner.
Plainview: Then say it! You got something to say to me then say it. I'd like to hear you speak instead of your little dog, woof woof woof woof woof woof woof!
H.W. Plainview - Older: I'm going to Mexico with my wife. I'm going away from you.
Plainview: That wasn't so hard, was it? - killing us with what you're doing. You're killing my image of you as my son.
HW's Interpreter, George: You're stubborn. You won't listen.
Plainview: You're not my son.
HW's Interpreter, George: Please don't say that. I know you don't mean it.
Plainview: It's the truth. You're not my son. Never have been. You're an... you're an orphan. D'you ever hear that word?
Plainview: Tell 'em what I said!
Plainview: You operated here today like one. I should have seen this coming. I should have known that under this, all these past years, you've been building your hate for me piece by piece. I don't even know who you are because you have none of me in you. You're someone else's. This anger, your maliciousness, backwards dealings with me. You're an orphan from a basket in the middle of the desert, and I took you for no other reason than I needed a sweet face to buy land. D'you get that? So now you know.
Plainview: Look at me. You're lower than a bastard. You have none of me in you. You're just a bastard from a basket.
HW's Interpreter, George: I thank God I have none of you in me.
Plainview: You're not my son. You're just a little piece of competition. Bastard from a basket. Bastard from a basket! You're a bastard from a basket!
Plainview: Ladies and gentlemen? Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for visiting with us this evening. Now, I've traveled across half our state to be here and to see about this land. Now, I daresay some of you might have heard some of the more extravagant rumors about what my plans are; I just thought you'd like to hear it from me. This is the face. There's no great mystery. I'm an oilman, ladies and gentlemen. I have numerous concerns spread across this state. I have many wells flowing at many thousand barrels per day. I like to think of myself as an oilman. As an oilman, I hope that you'll forgive just good old-fashioned plain speaking. Now, this work that we do is very much a family enterprise; I work side by side with my wonderful son, H.W. - I think one or two of you might have met him already - and, uh, I encourage my men to bring their families, as well. Of course, it makes for an ever so much more rewarding life for them. Family means children; children means education; so, wherever we set up camp, education is a necessity, and we're just so happy to take care of that. So let's build a wonderful school in Little Boston. These children are the future that we strive for and so they should have the very best of things. Now something else, uh... and please don't be insulted if I speak about this - bread. Let's talk about bread. Now to my mind, uh, it's an abomination to consider that any man, woman or child in this magnificent country of ours should have to look upon a loaf of bread as a luxury. We're gonna dig water wells here and, uh, water wells means irrigation. Irrigation means cultivation. We're gonna raise crops here where before it just simply wasn't impossible. You're going to have more grain than you know what to do with. Bread will be coming right out of your ears, ma'am. New roads, agriculture, employment, education - these are just a few of the things we can offer you, and I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, that if we do find oil here - and I think there's a very good chance that we will - this community of yours will not only survive, it will flourish.
Plainview: There's a whole ocean of oil under our feet! No one can get at it except for me!
H.M. Tilford: We'll make you a millionaire while you're sitting here from one minute to the next.
Plainview: What else would I do with myself?
H.M. Tilford: You asking me?
Plainview: What else would I do with myself?
H.M. Tilford: Take care of your son. I don't know what you would do.
Plainview: If you were me and Standard offered to buy what you had for a million dollars, why? So, why?
H.M. Tilford: You know why.
Plainview: Yeah, you fellows just scratch around in the dirt and find it like the rest of us instead of buying up someone else's hard work.
J.J. Carter: I've scratched around the dirt, son.
Plainview: You gonna change your shipping costs?
H.M. Tilford: We don't dictate shipping costs. That's railroad business.
Plainview: O-oh! You don't own the railroads? Course you do. Of course you do.
H.M. Tilford: Where you gonna put it all? Where? Build a pipeline, make a deal with Union Oil? Be my guest, but if you can't pull it off, you've got an ocean of oil under your feet, with nowhere to go. Why not turn it over to us? We'll make you rich. You spend time with your boy. It's a great discovery. Now let us help you.
Plainview: D'you just tell me how to run my family?
H.M. Tilford: It might be more important now that you've proven the field and we're offering to buy you out.
Plainview: One night, I'm gonna come to you, inside of your house, wherever you're sleeping, and I'm gonna cut your throat.
H.M. Tilford: What? What are you taking about? Have you gone crazy, Daniel?
Plainview: Did you hear what I said?
H.M. Tilford: I heard what you said. Why did you say it?
Plainview: You don't tell me about my son.
H.M. Tilford: Why are you acting insane and threatening to cut my throat?
Plainview: You don't tell me about my son.
H.M. Tilford: I'm not telling you anything! I'm asking you to be reasonable. If I've offended you, I apologize.
Plainview: You'll see what I can do.
Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet God is a superstition!
Plainview: I told you I would to eat you!
Eli Sunday: We're family!
Plainview: I told you I would eat you up!
Plainview: I'm gonna bury you underground, Eli.
Eli Sunday: When do we get our money, Daniel?
Plainview: Aren't you a healer and a vessel for the holy spirit? When are you coming over and make my son hear again? Can't you do that?
Plainview: Abandoned my child.
Eli Sunday: Say it louder... say it louder!
Plainview: I've abandoned my child! I've abandoned my child! I've abandoned my boy!
Eli Sunday: Now beg for the blood!
Plainview: Please, give me the blood, Eli. Let me get out of here.
Plainview: Give me the blood, Lord, and let me get away!
Paul Sunday: Mr. Plainview?
Plainview: Yes?
Paul Sunday: Are you Daniel Plainview?
Plainview: Yes. What can I do for you?
Paul Sunday: You look for oil.
Plainview: That's right.
Paul Sunday: What do you pay for a place that has it?
Plainview: Well, that depends.
Paul Sunday: What does it depend on?
Plainview: On a lot of things.
Paul Sunday: If I told you I knew a place that had oil, where land could be bought cheaply, what do you think that would be worth?
Plainview: Oh, I think that, uh... you should let me know what you know, and, uh, and then we'll try and work something out.
Paul Sunday: Can I sit down?
Plainview: Please.
Paul Sunday: What church do you belong to?
Plainview: I, um... I enjoy all faiths. I don't belong to one church in particular. I... I like them all. I like everything. Where are you from?
Paul Sunday: That would be telling you. That's what I want to sell you.
Plainview: What are you doing in Signal Hill?
Paul Sunday: We have oil and it seeps through the ground. Do you want to pay me to know where it is...
Plainview: Well, just because there's something on the ground doesn't mean there's anything beneath it.
Paul Sunday: Why did Standard Oil buy up land?
Plainview: Is it in California?
Paul Sunday: Maybe.
Plainview: How much land they buy?
Paul Sunday: I'd like it better if you didn't think I was stupid.
Eli Sunday: We have a sinner with us here who wishes for salvation. Daniel, are you a sinner?
Plainview: Yes.
Eli Sunday: Oh, the Lord can't hear you, Daniel. Say it to him. Go ahead and speak to him. It's all right.
Plainview: Yes.
Eli Sunday: Down on your knees and to him. Look up to the sky and say it.
Plainview: What do you want me to say?
Eli Sunday: Oh, Daniel, you've come here and you've brought good and wealth, but you have also brought your bad habits as a backslider. You've lusted after women, and you have abandoned your child - your child that you raised. You have abandoned all because he was sick and you have sinned. So say it now - "I am a sinner."
Plainview: I am a sinner.
Eli Sunday: Say it louder - " I am a sinner! "
Plainview: I'm a sinner.
Eli Sunday: Louder, Daniel. I am a sinner!
Plainview: I am a sinner.
Eli Sunday: I am sorry, Lord!
Plainview: I am sorry , Lord.
Eli Sunday: I want the blood!
Plainview: I want the blood.
Eli Sunday: You have abandoned your child!
Plainview: I've abandoned my child.
Eli Sunday: I will never backslide!
Plainview: I will never backslide.
Eli Sunday: I was lost, but now I am found!
Plainview: I was lost but now I'm found.
Eli Sunday: I have abandoned my child!
Eli Sunday: Say it... say it!
Plainview: What's this? Why don't I own this? Why don't I own this?
Al Rose: That's the Bandy tract. He was the holdout, when we were doing the buying? He had hoped to speak with you. Can't you just build the pipeline around this tract?
Plainview: Can I build around fifty miles of Tehachapi Mountains? Don't be thick in front of me, Al.
Al Rose: I can go to him again...
Plainview: No, I'll go and talk to the man. I'll talk to him, show you how it's done.
Eli Sunday: Oh, Daniel... Oh, Daniel... please... I-I-I'm in... I'm in desperate times.
Plainview: I know.
Eli Sunday: I need a friend.
Plainview: Yes, of course you do.
Eli Sunday: I've sinned! I need help! I'm a sinner! I've let the Devil grab hold of me in ways I never imagined! I'm so full of sin.
Plainview: The Lord sometimes challenges us, doesn't he?
Eli Sunday: Oh, yes, he does. Daniel, yes, he does!
Plainview: Yes, he does!
Eli Sunday: Oh! He's completely failed to alert me to the recent panic in our economy and this! I-I... I must have this. I must, I must, I must, I must, I must have this. My investments have... Daniel, I won't bore you, but I... If I could grab the Lord's hand for help, I would, but he does these things all the time, these mysteries that he presents and while we wait... while we wait for his word...
Plainview: Because you're not the chosen brother, Eli. It was Paul who was chosen. Yes, he-he found me and he told me about your land. You're just a fool.
Henry Brands: I'm your brother... from another mother.
H.M. Tilford: How's your boy?
Plainview: Thank you for asking.
H.M. Tilford: Is there anything we can do?
Plainview: "Thanks for asking" is enough.
Plainview: What would you like, Eli?
Eli Sunday: Ten thousand dollars.
Plainview: For what?
Eli Sunday: For my church.
Plainview: That's good. That's a good one.
Fletcher Hamilton: H.W. okay?
Plainview: No, he isn't.
Paul Sunday: This is us, here. Spur Station, here at Little Boston. The Sunday ranch is what you're looking for. There's a sheep trail that takes you there. It's a mile out of town, headed west, not far. Just through a small pass here, near the base of the hills. You'll pass a church, and just follow the sheep trail.
Plainview: Where's Standard buying up?
Paul Sunday: Here, and here.
Plainview: And your family name is Sunday, yes?
Paul Sunday: That's right.
Plainview: How many's in your family?
Paul Sunday: My father and mother and sisters, and my brother, Eli.
H.W. Plainview: How many sisters do you have?
Paul Sunday: Two.
Plainview: What's your name?
Paul Sunday: Paul.
Fletcher Hamilton: Does any of your family know about the oil that you say is there?
Paul Sunday: I don't know. Uh, my uncle always said there was oil there, but I don't know what they heard or what they think.
Fletcher Hamilton: What do you grow?
Paul Sunday: It's goats. Uh, it's a goat farm. I told you, nothing grows but weeds.
Fletcher Hamilton: Is there water?
Paul Sunday: It's salty. You drill a well, it's hard not to get salt water. The oil is there. I'm telling you. I want to go now, so...
Plainview: Uh, you can stay tonight.
Paul Sunday: No, I want to go now. I wanna leave.
Plainview: Listen, Paul... If I travel all the way up there and I find that you've been lying to me, I'm gonna find you, and I'm gonna take more than my money back. Is that all right with you?
Paul Sunday: Yes, sir.
Plainview: All right then.
Paul Sunday: Nice luck to you and God bless.
Plainview: And to you, young man.
Prescott: Mr. Plainview! No! Where are you going?
Plainview: I don't need the lease, thank you.
Prescott: We need you, we need you to...
Plainview: Too much confusion! Thank you for your time.
Prescott: No, no, no! There's no confusion! If you just...
Plainview: I wouldn't take the lease if you gave it to me as a gift.
Plainview: Eli! Tragedy at the well last night.
Eli Sunday: Yes, I heard.
Plainview: Joe Ghunda was a man of considerable faith, so if you wish to say a few words, his burial's at noon, tomorrow.
Eli Sunday: Daniel, this accident could have been avoided. It is terrible to think of that well working away out there, unblessed...
Plainview: Yes, it could have. These men are working twelve hour shifts and they need their rest. If they don't have it, they start to make stupid mistakes...
Eli Sunday: I've seen some of the men drinking. Don't you think that has something to do with it...
Plainview: We need these men well rested to bring in this well. They can't get that if they're up here listening to your gospel, and then the well can't produce and blow gold all over the place...
Eli Sunday: I wish I had more time with Joe Ghunda. More could have been done...
Plainview: And then the well can't produce and blow gold all over the place. Now, would you see to it that his personal possessions find their way back to his family, please? Thank you. Heard you were planning some renovations?
Eli Sunday: Yes. Our congregation is growing strongly. We need more room.
Plainview: Well, that was one goddamn helluva show.
Eli Sunday: We were happy to have you, Daniel.
Eli Sunday: You are a stupid man, Abel. You've let someone come in here and walk all over us. You let him in and do his work here, and you are a stupid man for what we could have had.
Abel Sunday: I followed His word, Eli. I tried.
Eli Sunday: You didn't do anything but sit down. You're lazy and you're stupid. Do you think God is going to save you for being stupid? He doesn't save stupid people, Abel.
Eli Sunday: I will tear you apart for what you've done, you stupid man! How did he come here? Do you even know? I know!
Abel Sunday: Son, don't do this, please!
Eli Sunday: Be quiet!
Abel Sunday: Please! Don't!
Eli Sunday: Shut your mouth, Abel! It was your stupid son! It was Paul who told him to come here. I know it. He went to him, and he said "My stupid, weak father will give away his lots. Go and take him." - and you let it happen.
Eli Sunday: From a stupid father to a stupid son.
Plainview: There's that house in Fond Du Lac that, uh, John Hollister built. Do you remember it?
Henry Brands: Mmm.
Plainview: I thought as a boy that was the most beautiful house I'd ever seen, and I wanted it. I wanted to live in it, and eat in it, and clean it... And even as a boy, I wanted to have children to run around in it.
Henry Brands: You can have anything you like now, Daniel, and you should. Where are you gonna build it?
Plainview: Here, maybe. Near the ocean.
Henry Brands: Would you make it look like that house?
Plainview: I think if I saw that house now, it'd make me sick.
Plainview: I want you to tell me something.
Henry Brands: What?
Plainview: What's the name of the farm next to the Hill house? What was the name of the farm next to the Hill House?
Henry Brands: I... I can't remem...
Plainview: Who are you?
Henry Brands: I'll leave, Daniel.
Plainview: Who are you?
Henry Brands: I'm no one. Just... let me get up and go.
Plainview: Do I have a brother?
Henry Brands: I met a man in King City who said he was your brother. We were friends for months, working in King City, and he wanted to make his way to you, Daniel. We didn't have any money... He died of tuberculosis. He wasn't harmed, wasn't killed, nothing bad, but he told me about you and I just took his story... used his diary... Daniel... Daniel, I'm your friend. I'm not trying to hurt you. Never. Just survive...
Plainview: So Standard offered us a million dollars for the Little Boston leases, and I told H. M. Tilford where he could shove that, and we made a deal with Union! On the pipeline! And that whole ocean of oil underneath our fields!
H.M. Tilford: ... 150,000 dollars...
Man: We needed the money to drill.
Man: I go out to meet him. He's getting oil on the property. We're trying to make a claim on it. Offered him a million dollars. Turned us down flat.
Plainview: All right.
Plainview: I want you to look over there.
H.M. Tilford: Daniel, let me introduce you...
Plainview: Look over there, you see. That's my son. You see him? You SEE?
H.M. Tilford: I see him.
Plainview: You don't tell me how to raise my family. I told you not to tell me how to raise my family. So, what do you see?
H.M. Tilford: I'm very happy for you that...
Plainview: Yes, I've made a deal with Union and my son is happy and safe.
H.M. Tilford: Congratulations. Excellent...
Plainview: I'm taking care of him now, so... You look like a fool, don't you Tilford?
H.M. Tilford: Yes.
Plainview: Y-y-y-yes, you do.
H.M. Tilford: Excuse me gentlemen...
Plainview: Oh, excuse me gentlemen. Excuse him, gentlemen.
Plainview: I told you what I was gonna do.
Eli Sunday: Things go up, things go down, but at least the Lord is always around.
Plainview: I want you to look over there.
H.M. Tilford: Daniel, let me introduce you...
Plainview: Look over there. You see? That's my son. You see him?
H.M. Tilford: Yes.
Plainview: You SEE?
H.M. Tilford: I see him.
Plainview: You don't tell me how to raise my family. I told you not to tell me how to raise my family.
H.M. Tilford: Daniel...
Plainview: So, what do you see?
H.M. Tilford: I'm very happy for you that...
Plainview: Yes, I've made a deal with Union. My son is happy. He's safe.
H.M. Tilford: Congratulations.
Plainview: I'm taking care of him now, so...
H.M. Tilford: Excellent.
Plainview: You look like a fool, don't you, Tilford?
H.M. Tilford: Yes.
Plainview: J-j-j-j-j-j-yes. Yes, you do.
H.M. Tilford: Excuse me gentlemen...
Plainview: Oh, excuse me gentlemen. Excuse him, gentlemen.
Plainview: I told you what I was gonna do.
Plainview: I thank you all so much for visiting with us at this time. I've had the pleasure of meeting some of you, and I hope, very much in the months to come, I'll be able to visit with each and every one of you. Ah... I'm better at digging holes in the ground than making speeches, so let's forget the speech for this evening, just make it a simple blessing. You see, one man doesn't prospect from the ground. It takes a whole community of good people, such as yourselves... and, uh, this is good. We stay together. We pray together, we work together and, if the good Lord smiles kindly on our endeavor, we share in the wealth together. Now before we spud in Mary's Well number one - named for the lovely Miss Mary Sunday here by my side, a proud daughter of these hills - I'd just like to say God bless these honest labors of ours; and, of course, God bless you all. Amen.
Eli Sunday: How is all the work coming?
Plainview: Everything's good.
Eli Sunday: All the men are provided for?
Plainview: Of course.
Eli Sunday: Spirits seem high. Is there... anything that you need from me? Anything the church can do for you?
Plainview: I don't believe so, no. Thank you.
Eli Sunday: I understand you've asked the people to gather round and watch the well begin tomorrow, is that right?
Plainview: That's right.
Eli Sunday: I will bless the well. Before you begin, you should introduce me. You'll see me walk up towards the oil well, and...
Plainview: The derrick.
Eli Sunday: You'll see me walk up, and then you can say my name.
Plainview: When you walk up?
Eli Sunday: Yes. You'll see me walk up, and then you could say "The proud son of these hills, who tended his father's flock", and then you could say my name.
Plainview: That's fine.
Eli Sunday: And what happens then?
Plainview: Well, then we start the drill.
Eli Sunday: It's a simple blessing, Daniel, but an important one. It's just a few words, it won't take long. What time?
Plainview: What time's good for you, Eli?
Eli Sunday: Four o'clock.
Plainview: Well, let's make it four o'clock then. My thanks for your visit.
Eli Sunday: Good day. Thank you.
William Bandy: I'm Bandy.
Plainview: Uh, yes. Yes. Um... William Bandy, huh? Yeah, I'd like to lease your land.
William Bandy: I had asked for you to come and talk to be me before. When you were leasing land.
Plainview: That's right, yes. My boy's been very sick, you know.
William Bandy: This was before your boy got sick. Now, I know that you would like to build a pipeline through my property. Is that right, what I've heard?
Plainview: It's absolutely right, and, uh... well... It's an eight-inch pipe. It can buried with your consent. I guarantee you absolutely no disruption...
William Bandy: God. God has told me what you must do.
Plainview: And what is that?
William Bandy: You should be washed in the blood of Jesus Christ.
Plainview: Oh, but I... I... I am. I have been washed, Mr. Bandy. I... I have been.
William Bandy: It's your only way to salvation AND your only way for what you want. You can take it at the Church of the Third Revelation.
Plainview: I'll pay you three thousand dollars.
William Bandy: I'd like you to be part of our church.
Plainview: I'll pay you five thousand dollars.
William Bandy: Be baptized, be forgiven for the sin that you've done.
Plainview: What sin are you, uh, referring to, Mr. Bandy? My... my sin of drilling?
H.W. Plainview: How much are we gonna pay them?
Plainview: Who's that?
H.W. Plainview: Sunday family.
Plainview: Well, I'm not gonna give them oil prices. I'll give them quail prices.
Eli Sunday: And I had a vision. Yes, last night, I had a vision. And I felt God's breath go through me, and it moved down into my stomach and sloshed around, and my stomach spoke in a whisper, not a shout: "Touch this woman with your hands, and caress her."
Eli Sunday: My dear Mrs. Hunter, you have arthritis, don't you?
Mrs. Hunter: Yes, I do, Eli.
Eli Sunday: Yes, the Devil is in your hands, and I will suck it out. Now, I will not cast this ghost out with a fever, for the new spirit inside me has shown me I have a new way to communicate. It is a gentle whisper.
Eli Sunday: Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, ghost. Get out. Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, and don't you dare turn around and come back, for if you do, all the armies of my boot will kick you in the teeth, and you will be cast up and thrown in the dirt and thrust back to Perdition! And as long as I have teeth, I will bite you! And if I have no teeth, I will gum you! And as long as I have fists, I will bash you! Now, get out of here ghost! Get out of here, ghost! Get out of here, ghost! Egh! YEOW!
Eli Sunday: And it left!
The Congregation: Hallelujah! Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord in his holy name! Amen! Thank you, Jesus!
Eli Sunday: My dear Mrs. Hunter...
Mrs. Hunter: Eli.
Eli Sunday: Dance with me. Dance with me.
Plainview: Now go. Go and play some more, and don't come back.
Plainview: There she is. There she is.
Plainview: Mr. Bankside, I'm not going to waste your time; I'd certainly appreciate it if you didn't waste mine. Now, if you wish to sign with me, we can have a well drilling within ten days, but your lot is further north from the discovery well up here, and so... Well, that means we'll probably have to dig deeper. And if there's as much oil here as I think there is, it'll be harder to reach, but once we find it, we can take it right out. You have to act quickly, because very soon these fields will be dry. Now... I need you to know what you want to do. Now, because of the distance from the discovery well, I'll pay you a smaller royalty than you'd get down there, but I'm prepared to give you a thousand dollar bonus on your lot.
Mr. Bankside: What kind of royalty are you talking about?
Plainview: 1/6th, plus a guarantee to start drilling within ten days. Now, that's something you won't find anywhere else.
Plainview: What age your children, ma'am?
Mrs. Bankside: 10 and 12. Mr. Plainview, a question, sir. Where is your wife?
Plainview: She died in childbirth, Mrs. Bankside, so I... so... Well, it's just me and my son now.
Eli Sunday: Mr. Bandy has a grandson. Have you met his grandson William? William Bandy is one of the finest members we have at the Church of The Third Revelation. He's eager to come to Hollywood to be in movies. He is very good-looking. And I do think he will have success.
Plainview: Why'd you come to me?
Paul Sunday: You just brought this well in?
Plainview: That's right.
Paul Sunday: Yes, so just give me five hundred dollars in cash, right now, and I'll tell you where it is.
Plainview: I'll tell you what I'll do, son. I'll give you a hundred dollars now and, if it proves to be a promising lease, then give a thousand dollar bonus...
Paul Sunday: Six hundred dollars.
Plainview: Just tell me one thing to help me decide. What else have you got up there. What do you grow?
Paul Sunday: We have a big ranch, but it's mostly rocks. We can plant things; nothing will grow but weeds. What makes you think it's up?
Fletcher Hamilton: Is there sulfur around, or alkali deposits?
Paul Sunday: Alkali, nearby. I don't know sulfur.
Paul Sunday: Is that your son?
Plainview: Yes.
Paul Sunday: Hi.
H.W. Plainview: Hi.
Paul Sunday: Who are you?
Fletcher Hamilton: I'm Fletcher Hamilton. Nice to meet you, son. What's your name?
Paul Sunday: What do you do?
Fletcher Hamilton: I work with Mr. Plainview.
Plainview: Here's five hundred dollars. You tell me something worth hearing, this money's yours.
Paul Sunday: I come from a town called Little Boston, in Isabella County.
Prescott: We gain nothing by losing our heads!
Gene Blaize: You boys are a regular family business.
Plainview: I wouldn't take the lease if you gave it to me as a gift.     