
Hugh Glass: As long as you can still grab a breath, you fight. You breathe... keep breathing.
Hugh Glass' Wife: As long as you can still grab a breath, you fight. You breathe. Keep breathing. When there is a storm and you stand in front of a tree, if you look at its branches, you swear it will fall. But if you watch the trunk, you will see its stability.
Hikuc: My heart bleeds. But revenge is in the creator's hands.
Hugh Glass: I need a horse and a gun.
Andrew Henry: No, you need rest and something to eat. I'm going after him.
Hugh Glass: No You'll never find him without me.
Andrew Henry: Wait till morning, he'll have a day's head start and get away.
Hugh Glass: No he won't. He's afraid. He knows how far I came for him. Same as that elk, when they get afraid they run deep in to the woods. I got him trapped, he just, He doesn't know it yet.
Andrew Henry: How can you be so sure?
Hugh Glass: Cause he has everything to lose. All I had was that boy - and he took him from me.
Hugh Glass: I ain't afraid to die anymore. I'd done it already.
Hugh Glass: No... Revenge is in God's hands. Not mine.
Hugh Glass: I told you to be invisible, son!
Hawk: At least he...
Hugh Glass: If you want to survive, keep your mouth shut!
Hawk: At least he heard me.
Hugh Glass: They don't hear your voice! They just see the color of your face. You understand? You understand?
Hawk: Yes.
John Fitzgerald: You came all this way just for your revenge, huh? Did you enjoy it, Glass?... 'Cause there ain't nothin' gon' bring your boy back.
Andrew Henry: Is it true you killed an officer?
Hugh Glass: I just killed a man who was trying to kill my son.
Hugh Glass: He's afraid. He knows how far I came to find him.
Jones: Those pelts are stolen.
Elk Dog: You all have stolen everything from us. Everything! The land. The animals.
Boone: I'm actually starting to miss my wife's cooking.
Stubby Bill: Shit, I'm actually startin' to miss your wife.
John Fitzgerald: Look at me scalp.
Andrew Henry: That's enough!
John Fitzgerald: You're forgettin' your place, boy.
Hugh Glass: As far as I can tell, my place is right here on the smart end of this rifle.
John Fitzgerald: God giveth, God taketh away.
John Fitzgerald: You all right there kid? Your head in the right place?
Bridger: I guess... I can't help thinking about whether we did the right...
John Fitzgerald: No! Ain't our place to wonder. The good Lord got us on a road whether we choose it or not.
John Fitzgerald: My pop, he weren't a religious man, you know? If you couldn't grow it, kill it, or eat it, he just plain old didn't believe in it, that was it. And this one time he head on up the old Saba hills... San Saba hills? He joined a couple Texas Ranger buddies of his to hunt you know? pretty routine, he done it like a hundred times before, should have been a three-day kill but, on the second day, it all went fucked. Somehow that night he lost his buddies, and to top it off, them Comanches went and took the horses so, he was starving and delirious... and he crawls up into this mott, this... this group of trees out in the middle of nowhere just sticking up in this ocean of scrub and he found religion. At that moment he told me... he found God. And it turns out that God... He's a squirrel. Yea. A big, old meaty one. "I found God" he used to say. "And while sitting there and basking in the glory and sublimity of mercy... I shot and ate that son of a bitch".
John Fitzgerald: Yeah. You might want to close your eyes kid.
Placard (in french): WE ARE ALL SAVAGES
John Fitzgerald: We had a deal, Glass! I tried to tell your boy! Alright? I tried to tell him what was happening, but wouldn't listen and he kept on screamin'. And he was gonna get everybody killed! But you and me, we had a deal. Y'all know what happened out there. On my soul, the Lord, HE knows what happened out there.
Hugh Glass: There was no deal. You killed my boy.
John Fitzgerald: Or may be you shoulda raised a man... instead of some girly little bitch.
Andrew Henry: What happened?
John Fitzgerald: We did what we had to do. He was buried right.
Powaqa: I'll cut off your balls!
Hugh Glass: My son. I'm right here. You hear me?
Hugh Glass: They don't hear your voice. They just see the colour of your face. You understand?
John Fitzgerald: What makes you go on?
John Fitzgerald: The way I see it, I done saved your life twice now, boy... I ought' to be God to you.
John Fitzgerald: Life? What life are you talkin' about I ain't got no life! I just got a living and the only way I get to do that is through these pelts!
Hawk: Can you hear the wind, father? Remember what mother used to say about the wind? The wind cannot defeat the tree with strong roots.
John Fitzgerald: That claw doesn't belong to you.
John Fitzgerald: Captain, we got us a swarm of tree niggers out here waiting to finish the job.
John Fitzgerald: They're torturing that poor bastard, the proper thing to do will be finish him off quick.
Hugh Glass: It's okay son... I know you want this to be over. I'm right here. I will be right here... But you don't give up. You hear me? As long as you can still grab a breath, you fight. You breathe... keep breathing.
Toussaint: Bring me the girl! Those five horses weren't for free!
Andrew Henry: I can't remember my wife's face. Last week she was still with me. Now she's gone. I worry I won't recognize her when I get back home.
John Fitzgerald: What about his little half-breed son? And what kind of savage you think his Mama was?
John Fitzgerald: All I'm sayin' is, a savage is a savage.
Hugh Glass: Get to the boat!
John Fitzgerald: I'm not too crazy about that idea.
Hugh Glass: We got to get off this boat.
John Fitzgerald: You wanna get off the boat? Then what we gonna do, huh? We gonna take our furs and sit out there amongst the weed like a bunch of god damn ducks?
Hugh Glass: The safe thing to do is track a new course back up on land.
John Fitzgerald: Tell me you got some kind of plan.     