
Vincent: Why don't you shoot?
Spike: What?
Vincent: What's wrong? Lose your nerve? You started out so fearlessly. Go on. Pull the trigger.
Spike: I don't think so. I blow the bounty if I blow you away.
Vincent: I have no fear of death. It just means dreaming in silence. A dream that lasts for eternity.
Spike: You're an original, aren't you?
Spike: I love a woman who can kick my ass.
Vincent: Of the days that I have lived, only those I spent with you seemed real.
Spike: He was just all alone. He couldn't enjoy a game with anyone else. Like living in a dream... That's the kind of man he was...
Vincent: What's your name?
Spike: Spike... Spiegel...
Vincent: I'll meet you at the end of this world.
Faye: Why did you do all this? For money? Some sort of revenge? Or perhaps just for fun?
Vincent: I am just looking for a door to open.
Faye: A door?
Vincent: I was dreaming, and I knew it was a dream. And yet, I couldn't open my eyes. You know what I mean? From that time, when I was on Titan, it's been like that, always.
Spike: And you, you take way too long when you're taking a shit.
Faye: You're gonna take the entire world down with you... but why? That's insane.
Vincent: You think so? Is there an indelible line dividing sanity from insanity... Or do they change, one into the other at the slightest change of events? We'll find out soon enough. If the world itself is insane.
Vincent: No one can draw a clear line between sane and insane. You move that line as you see fit for yourself. No one else can. You'll understand soon... that the one that's insane is this world. Do you want to come with me? The only ones left will be you and me.
Vincent: Before you part from this world, can you tell me something? I am already dead since Titan and this world the butterflies are showing me... Is it a dream? Or is their world the real one and the world where I was, the dream? I don't know.
Lee Samson: Twentieth century games are really nice. Games nowadays are getting boring. I'm more into old school games like this one. Back then, games like these were enough for everyone. It's the same with hackers. It was better when there were few. Then, even the smallest thing left you in the history books. Now, protection is tighter everywhere. Unless you do something really big, no one will know you. That's why I am grateful towards you, seriously. I always wanted to... try being a terrorist.
Lee Samson: Aww man... I'm dead.
Officer: Let me see your license. Where are you heading? From here on there are only warehouses.
Lee Samson: Aww man... He's dead.
Ed: Teeter Totter Teeter Totter!
Laughing Bull: Know this Swimming Bird: This blue eye percieves all things conjoined. The past, the future, and the present. Everything flows and all is connected. This eye is not merely seen reality. It is touching the truth. Open the eye of truth... There is nothing to fear.
Spike: Yea... I know what you mean.
Jet: Great, a wannabe preacher with a gun...
Lee Samson: Now I'll never... get to meet Spooky Donkey... ugh. Please restart...
Old Woman: He called you a cowboy. What did he mean? What are you?
Spike: Just a humble bounty hunter, ma'am.
Ed: Food, glorious food!
Jet: Spike, if that hostage had been shot, what would you have done then?
Spike: If it happens, it happens...
Jet: Really... As usual, for a 125,000-Woolong criminal, there were too many risks involved. Bounty hunting is harder than just that. Before I teamed up with you, I lead quite a normal life.
Worker: Who are you?
Faye: Can't you tell? I'm just a gun-toting weathergirl.
Worker: What do you want?
Faye: I want you to make it rain.
Worker: Why?
Faye: Why? To crash a party.
Hoffman: Even if you play by the rules, nothing ever gets solved!
Faye: Really? That's great! I really didn't mean it when I said you were a pain in the butt.
Rasheed: I don't recommend the Calabar beans. They are used to see if your wife is cheating on you. The innocent eat at once; they choke and spit them out. But the guilty eat cautiously, slowly, which makes the poison work. Soon, she is crying out in pain. That's how you can tell.
Spike: Thanks, but I'm not married.
Rasheed: Now that is true happiness.
Spike: Man shouldn't have to live on carbohydrates alone, complex or otherwise.
Spike: Oh, great. A bored little army.
Spike: Listen, I don't have time to screw around with you guys!
Spike: Are all the employees here like you? You got some pretty classy moves for a corporate girl.
Faye: There you go!
Jet: That's really unique Faye! Is that a mugshot or your version of Picasso?
Spike: Hey I'll make you a deal. If anyone can catch him with that drawing, I'll pay you the bounty myself Faye!
Faye: Fine, I'll just go catch him myself. You two can stay here and make your funny little jokes.
Jet: So ends another episode of "Wasting Time with Faye".
Jet: The message mentions bone marrow so they must know about the Nano-Machines.
Faye: And so?
Jet: That's all I have.
Faye: So ends yet another episode of 'Wasting Time with Jet'
Spike: Excuse me Jett, you said three, not four.
Jett: Disinformation is sometimes required for enemies as well as allies.
Spike: Don't give me that art of war crap,
Spike: and you, you take too long to take a shit.
Elektra: Don't lay a hand on him!
Spike: How about a foot?
Ed: Germ girl! Faye-Faye stay 'way-'way!
Spike: It's just that he was all alone. Always by himself. Never anyone to share the game. A man who lived in dreams, that's who he was.
Faye: Damn it! Morons don't learn until they die!
Robber D: Don't you get it? I'm gonna SPLATTER GRANDMA!
Spike: Well, that's a real shame. But, we're not cops and we're not from some charity organization. Sorry lady, we don't protect or serve. This is strictly business.
Robber D: What?
Spike: Guess you'll just have to chalk it up to bad luck.
Robber D: Cowboy scumbag!     