
Sing's Sidekick: Memories can be painful. To forget may be a blessing!
Sing: I never knew you were so deep.
Barber: Why don't you train us to be top fighters... and we'll avenge them!
Landlady: Becoming a top fighter takes time, unless you're a natural-born kung-fu genius, and they're 1 in a million.
Barber: It's obvious I'm the one.
Landlady: Don't think so.
The Beast: All I want is to kill you, or be killed by you.
Landlady: You may know kung fu... but you're still a fairy.
The Beast: In the world of kung fu, speed determines the winner.
Sing: I realized then that good guys never win. I want to be bad. I want to be the killer!
Sing's Sidekick: Ice cream!
Sing: Where?
The Beast: What is the name of your technique?
Sing: You wanna learn? I will teach you!
Sing: No more soccer!
Brother Sum: Ever killed anyone?
Sing: I've always thought about it.
Sing's Sidekick: You gave him your life savings?
Sing: Yes. I was saving to become a doctor or lawyer... but this was a chance for world peace.
Sing: What're you looking at? Never seen a free ice cream before?
Landlady: How come you became righteous? Have you anything to say?
Landlady: I don't recognize this character. What are you trying to say?
Landlord: If he studies hard, he could be a doctor or a lawyer.
Landlady: A stuntman, more likely.
Sing: All right. Now, we will sneak attack and take out that old lady.
Sing: Erg... Well, I'll let you try one.
Sing's Sidekick: Sing: Ack!
Sing: Look, just take the knife, aim carefully, and throw.
Sing's Sidekick: Landlady: Who threw a handle?
Sing: Quick! Take this cage of snakes and throw it at her. The snakes will all bite, and our problem will be solved.
Sing's Sidekick: Sing: You idiot! Now what am I supposed to do?
Sing's Sidekick: Try whistling. I've heard that helps.
Sing: Landlady: So you're on their side?
The Beast: Don't get me wrong! I only want to kill you, or be killed by you.
Sing: NO SOCCER!
The Beast: Do they make these for men?
Donut: With great power comes great responsibility...
Landlady: Donut, you are badly hurt. You must keep still.
Donut: This could be the end of a beautiful friendship!
Landlord: Oh, Donut. Tomorrow is another day!
Brother Sum: A bum like that could come in handy.
The Beast: Child's play! I can stop bullets.
The Beast: Whoa!
Axe Gang Vice General: Who threw the firecracker?
Landlady: What's with the red underwear?
Donut: What are you prepared to do?
Landlord: We can't understand what you're saying!
Axe Gang Advisor: Let's kill them all and make this place a brothel.
Sing: Wow, that's a big fist!
Sing: Fat woman, you're in charge here, right?
Landlady: Fat woman, my ass!
Sing: I'm with the Axe Gang!
Landlady: Axe Gang, my ass!
Sing: Boss!
Landlady: Boss, my ass!
Sing: You have to pay our medical bills!
Landlady: Bills, my ass!
Sing: We're on the same side!
Landlady: Same side, my ass!
Sing: A snake!
Landlady: Snake, my ass!
Soccer Boy: Wow, can you teach me that?
Sing: Sure, lesson ONE!
Sing: Sing: They look like two gravediggers taking one of their customers for a walk.
Brother Sum: Don't block my view!     