
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, did you know that there are 206 bones in the body?... We never thought about that while breaking them, did we?
Dr. J. Asthana: May I ask what is happening here?
Murli Prasad Sharma: No!
Circuit: Who is this?
Murli Prasad Sharma: Its your dadm who do you think?
Circuit: Bro, How are you Bro?
Murli Prasad Sharma: i need a body
Circuit: Body? who's body Bro?
Murli Prasad Sharma: you know, the one they use for dissection, one of those bodies.
Circuit: Bro, how am i going to find one of those bodies?
Murli Prasad Sharma: how would i know? just find one!
Circuit: Dump the tension bro, you concentrate on your studies, i'll organize a body
Circuit: Bro, will an imported body do?
Murli Prasad Sharma: yeah it will, just bring it quickly!
Circuit: i'll be there in ten minutes bro, just ten minutes!
Circuit: Hey Butkya... get a sack
Butkya: Right away
Chinese tourist: Thankyou! Thankyou!
Circuit: hey Chilli chicken, you wanna take some photos of an ambulance, its a five-star ambulance?
Chinese tourist: No, i want real india, poor people, hungry people!
Circuit: poor hungry people, inside the ambulance, they are really bleurghh!
Chinese tourist: Really? okay good!
Circuit: Hey Hakka Noodle, youve come in from abroad and you only wanna see naked, hungry people, dont you want to see the taj mahal?
Chinese tourist: no no, hungry and poor men!
Butkya: Bro will this bag do?
Circuit: you stupid! how the hell am i going to fit him in? am i going to fold him in there? hey you?
Circuit: How long are you?
Chinese tourist: 5 foot six
Circuit: get a six foot bag!
Circuit: you come with me, you dont want to see taj mahal, i will show you hungry indian!
Chinese tourist: Argh!
Murli Prasad Sharma: You over-acting piece of@#%! You're supposed to have a kidney problem, and instead you have a heart attack!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Look at this chap - what a natural actor! He's been playing the same role for three years and Papa's never recognised him!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Hey circuit, check this out, who would want to marry a cry baby? he tries to commit suicide after a six month fling! Hey
Murli Prasad Sharma: your mother has loved you all your life, can't you stay alive for her?
Murli Prasad Sharma: It's just what I feared... lymphoma of the intestines...
Circuit: Hey, don't fuse my circuit, or you'll be sent home in three different bags!
Circuit: Bro, if it hurts you so much, why don't you tell your father the truth? Tell him that a don gets more respect in this city than any damn doc!
Murli Prasad Sharma: He'll die if he comes to know - it's just a matter of seven days, Circuit, give it a rest...
Dr. J. Asthana: Are there any questions?
Murli Prasad Sharma: Yes, sir... If a man is dying in the admission ward, is it necessary for him to fill our a form?
Murli Prasad Sharma: Sir, I asked you a question yesterday that you didn't answer - can't you answer it today?
Murli Prasad Sharma: Wow, Anand bhai, you look like a hero! All the nurses are going to fight over you!
Dr. J. Asthana: Can I ask what is going on here?
Murli Prasad Sharma: Ask! Don't be shy, ask. Come on, ask!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, I said "Point the gun," not "Shoot out all of Mumbai!"
Circuit: Chill out, bro - these are blanks, they only sting!
Circuit: Hey, Flo Jo, even THEY can do the job at close range! Do you want me to try it out?
Dr. J. Asthana: Mamu, he called me MAMU!
Murli Prasad Sharma: When?
Circuit: Today, at five o'clock!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Damn! We're screwed!
Murli Prasad Sharma: HEY! Don't touch that signboard! My father's name is on that sign! Hands off! Bastards! Don't you dare!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, I've decided I'm going to be a doctor...
Circuit: Uh... bro, why don't you go to sleep, and we'll talk about it in the morning...
Murli Prasad Sharma: I knew you'd say that - you think I'm sloshed, don't you? I'm serious!
Circuit: But, bro, what's the point?
Murli Prasad Sharma: The point? Circuit, the point is that my father will be proud of me! You should've been there - that baldy stood there insulting my father, and I just kept quiet! I'll show him! I'll become a doctor like him and marry his daughter! Circuit, find me the best medical college in Mumbai...!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Ninavati Hospital? Hang on a moment! Lilavati Hospital? I can't come to work today! Apollo Hospital? Hold your horses! Huh? Bread Candy Hospital? Hold, man, hold, I am busy...
Murli Prasad Sharma: My name? You haven't heard yet? Munnabhai... M.B.B.S.!
Circuit: What the...? It ends almost right where it begins!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, do you know why God sent me to this college?
Circuit: God certainly never told me!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Because he wants me to settle a score with the man who made my father cry!
Circuit: Okay, if it's settled with God, all right!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, I'm missing Mom. I keep remembering her.
Circuit: Your memory is very solid, man, so solid that I can see her. Hey, are you missing Dad also. I can see him too.
Circuit: Hey, stop imitating a bedspread and get off the bed!
Anand Banerjee: And so, Munna married Suman, a.k.a. Chinky... A year later, Circuit married - that's his son, his nickname is Short Circuit... Asthana retired, and now runs Munna's hospital - there you get free doses of medicines, laughs, and hugs! Everyone can be admitted; as Asthana says "Chill out, bro! Fill in the form later!" Dr. Rustom Paveri is the new dean of the college, and is unmarried - but his father still dates the queen! Munna couldn't become a doctor, but he's still called M.B.B.S. - Married with Bouncing Babies and Smiles!... That's me... Tomorrow I'm going back to Calcutta. I'm going to miss them all - especially him... Mamu!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, have you ever felt as though you were going to die?
Circuit: You know that dude Shakeel?
Murli Prasad Sharma: Yeah?
Circuit: He once went after me with a knife - I thought I was gonna go that day!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Not that, Circuit - I meant, have you ever felt as though you were fatally ill, and could only wait, helpless? Watching the clock and calendar go by like a time bomb, and your life, your dreams coming face to face with THE END...
Circuit: Bro, my mother used to say that we became stars when we die...
Circuit: Look, there's my father - the bugger used to beat me a lot! And there's Uncle - he was a cool dude! Hey... where's Mom? Aaah, Mumbai's getting too polluted, man...
Circuit: Are you Zaheer? Are you the one who slapped Bro?
Zaheer: Yes...
Circuit: You've got some guts, mamu!
Murli Prasad Sharma: Circuit, I've decided I'm going back to the village!
Circuit: I knew it - that's why I've brought TWO railway tickets!
Murli Prasad Sharma: But what will you do in the village? You can't even handle a plough!
Circuit: Bro, if I do that, then what will the cows do?
Dr. Suman Asthana: Murli, what's the point of talking to him? Nothing you say to him will reach his ears!
Murli Prasad Sharma: So what if his ears can't hear it, he hears it with his heart! You see, when two people share a strong connection, then they can communicate to each other through their hearts...
Dr. Suman Asthana: You're too much, Murli...
Murli Prasad Sharma: Ms. Suman, I hope you can hear me...
Murli Prasad Sharma: Mike testing, 1, 2, 3...
Murli Prasad Sharma: Ms. Suman, I think I'm in love with you...
    