
Mrs. Mills: Sometimes the world of the living gets mixed up with the world of the dead.
Grace: Where's my daughter? What have you done with my daughter?
Anne: Are you mad? I am your daughter.
Mrs. Mills: Death of a loved one can lead people to do the strangest things.
Grace: I'm beginning to feel totally cut off from the world.
Anne: I don't believe that the Holy Spirit is a dove.
Nicholas: I don't believe that either.
Anne: Doves are anything but holy.
Nicholas: They poo on the window.
Grace: At first I couldn't understand what the pillows where doing in my hands and why you didn't move, but then I knew, it had happened, I killed my children. I got the rifle, I put it to my forehead and I pulled the trigger, nothing, and I heard your laughter in the bedroom, you were playing with the pillows as if nothing had happened, and I thought the Lord and his great mercy was giving me another chance, tell them, don't give up, be strong, be a good mother but now, but now what does this all mean? Where are we?
Grace: If you see a ghost, you say "hello".
Mrs. Mills: Don't trouble yourself, ma'am. Tuberculosis finished us off, more than half a century ago.
Grace: Charles. You look so different.
Charles: Sometimes I bleed.
Mrs. Mills: No crying now. No crying. Stop that. Here.
Mrs. Mills: Look what an awful face you've got when you cry.
Anne: I don't care!
Mrs. Mills: There, there.
Mrs. Mills: You listen to me. I've seen them too.
Anne: You have?
Anne: Why don't you tell my mother? Then maybe she'll believe me.
Mrs. Mills: There are things your mother doesn't want to hear. She only believes in what she was taught. But don't worry. Sooner or later... she'll see them. And everything will be different.
Anne: How?
Mrs. Mills: You'll see. There are going to be some big surprises. There are going to be... changes.
Anne: Changes?
Mrs. Mills: Sooner or later, they will find you.
Charles: I just came home to say goodbye to my wife and children.
Grace: Where are you going?
Charles: To the front.
Grace: I thought the war was over.
Charles: The war is not over.
Grace: You're not going. You left us once already. YOU CAN'T GO! Why did you go and fight that stupid war that had NOTHING TO DO WITH US? Why didn't you stay like the others did?
Charles: The others surrendered.
Grace: We are all surrendered, what did you expect? What were you trying to prove by going to war? Your place was here with your family. I loved you, but that wasn't enough, was it? You want to leave not because of the war, you want to leave me, remember when you told me "I know a place where no one can bother our children when they are playing"?
Anne: They're everywhere - they say this house is theirs.
Grace: If you're dead, then leave us in peace. Leave us in peace!
Mrs. Mills: And suppose we do leave you, ma'am, do you suppose that They will?
Grace: Who?
Mrs. Mills: The intruders.
Mrs. Mills: The intruders are leaving, but others will come. Sometimes we'll sense them. Other times, we won't.
Grace: Now children, are you sitting comfortably? Then I'll begin... This story started many thousands of years ago, and it was all over in just 7 days. All that long long time ago, none of the things we can see now, the sun, the moon, the stars, the earth, the animals and plants, not a single one existed. Only God existed. And so only he could have created them. And he did.
Grace: This house is ours, this house is ours.
Anne: Nicholas don't speak to them.
Nicholas: Why?
Anne: They're dead.
Nicholas: WHAT?
Anne: They're ghosts. Come over here.
Nicholas: But you said "Ghosts wear sheets and carry chains".
Anne: I don't care what I said. Get away from them.
Nicholas: You're always teasing me, and telling lies. I'm sick of it.
Anne: Nicholas I'm telling the truth. COME HERE!
Anne: WE'RE NOT DEAD!
Nicholas: We're not dead!
Anne: Cowardy Cowardy Custard.
Grace: Whoever took the curtains wants to kill my children.
Mrs. Mills: Now, why do you think the daylight would kill them?
Grace: Are you mad? I already told you my children are photosensitive. THE LIGHT WILL KILL THEM!
Mrs. Mills: Yes, but that was before. The condition could have cleared up.
Grace: No one can make us leave this house.
Grace: So you say you know this house well?
Mrs. Mills: Like the back of my hand, that is assuming the walls haven't sprouted legs and moved in the meantime.
Grace: The only thing that moves here is the light, but it changes everything.
Mrs. Mills: Shall I make us a nice cup of tea, Ma'am ?
Anne: Mummy, I won't ask for forgiveness for something I didn't do!
Grace: You told your brother there was someone else in the room!
Anne: There was!
Grace: You're lying!
Anne: I AM NOT!
Grace: You told your brother there was someone else in the room.
Anne: There was.
Grace: That'll do, Anne.
Nicholas: I'm scared.
Anne: Well, you shouldn't have come then.
Nicholas: Say something.
Anne: What shall I say?
Nicholas: Anything.
Anne: My name is Anne, and I'm walking. I'm walking and my name is Anne...
Grace: My husband went to war and did not come back. Who will do the cooking?
Mrs. Mills: I'm sorry, miss.
Grace: Who will do the cooking?
Grace: Was she born like that?
Mrs. Mills: Beg your pardon, ma'am?
Grace: The girl. Was she born a mute?
Mrs. Mills: No.
Mrs. Mills: I think I've finished here, ma'am. If you'll excuse me, I think I'll go and see if Mr. Tuttle needs a hand.
Charles: Charles: How are my little ones?
Anne: Daddy!
Anne: Why did you take so long?
Charles: Hello Nicholas.
Anne: I told you, you see! I told you he'd come back!
Charles: Have you both been well-behaved?
Anne: We've been very good.
Charles: Have you been good to your Mother?
Nicholas: Very good. We study every day for our First Communion.
Anne: Daddy, did you kill anyone?
Mr. Marlish: Come along, Victor.
Nicholas: Mummy!     