
Blanche: You wouldn't be able to do these awful things to me if I weren't still in this chair.
Jane: But you *are*, Blanche! You *are* in that chair!
Dr. Shelby: I don't quite understand. Is this some kind of emotional disturbance you're talking about?
Blanche: Yes, she's emotionally disturbed. She's unbalanced!
Jane: It's just that nosy Mrs. Bates going on about your picture last night.
Blanche: Oh, really, did she like it?
Jane: Oh, really, did she like it?... She liked it!
Jane: I'll bring in some tea. You like tea?
Edwin Flagg: Oh, yes. I'm quite fond of tea. You must have guessed that I'm English.
Jane: Oh, really? How nice for you.
Jane: I've written a letter to Daddy / His address is Heaven above / I've written "Dear Daddy, we miss you / And wish you were with us to love" / Instead of a stamp I put kisses / The postman says that's best to do / I've written a letter to Daddy / Saying "I love you" / Now when I'm very good, and do as I am told / I'm Mama's little angel and Papa says I'm good as gold / Now when I'm very bad and answer back and sass / Then I'm Mama's little devil, and Papa says I've got the brass / Now I wish that you would tell me / Cos I'm much too young to know...
Dehlia Flagg: So the fine woman you've chosen to run around with turns out to be broke and a murderer as well!
Edwin Flagg: I see!
Dehlia Flagg: Well, it's true!
Edwin Flagg: All right then, if it's true I'll ask her about it when I see her again. How's that?
Dehlia Flagg: You wouldn't see a woman like that again!
Edwin Flagg: Why not, you just told me she's got a rich sister.
Dehlia Flagg: Yeah, but there's the worst of it yet!
Edwin Flagg: You mean there's more?
Dehlia Flagg: Yes, there is. After she run down her sister, your precious Jane Hudson ran off and left her there to die like some poor animal. She ran off and disappeared for three whole days!
Edwin Flagg: Oh? What happened then? Don't tell me they couldn't find her.
Dehlia Flagg: Oh, they found her all right. They found her all right! They found her in some hotel room with some man she'd never even seen before!
Edwin Flagg: WELL, WHY SHOULD THAT UPSET YOU?
Edwin Flagg: Isn't that how I was conceived?
Jane: I didn't bring your breakfast, because you didn't eat your din-din!
Blanche: Who was that at the door earlier?
Jane: Elvira.
Blanche: Where is she now? In the kitchen?
Jane: No, I gave her the day off. She has a pretty hard time considering. I told her to come back next week.
Jane: Oh, Blanche? You know we've got rats in the cellar?
Jane: I don't want to talk about it! Everytime I think about something nice, you remind me of bad things. I only want to talk about the nice things.
Blanche: Did you have a nice drive?
Jane: What are you talking about?
Blanche: Nothing dear, I... it's been so long since you were out of the house I thought perhaps you had gone for a drive or something. You know I was thinking, it's ever so long since we had a talk, you know, a real talk about the future and everything. Jane, I didn't want you to be worried about the house, even if I do have to sell it, we'll still be together.
Jane: Blanche you're not gonna sell this house. Daddy bought this house, and he bought it for me! You don't think I remember that, do you?
Blanche: You're wrong, Jane. You've just forgotten. I bought this house for the two of us, when I signed my first contract.
Jane: You don't think I remember anything, do you? There are a whole lot of things I remember. And you never paid for this house. Baby Jane Hudson made the money that paid for this house, that's who!
Blanche: You don't know what you're saying.
Jane: Blanche, you aren't ever gonna sell this house... and you aren't ever gonna leave it... either.
Blanche: That... that was...
Jane: I know who it was!
Blanche: No, Jane, it really was!
Jane: And I know what you're trying to do!
Blanche: I... I'm not trying to do anything, honestly Jane!
Blanche: Oh really, did she like it?
Jane: Oh Really did she like it?
Mrs. Bates: There's too many people in this town with nothing else to do but talk.
Blanche: You weren't ugly then. I made you that way.
Elvira Stitt: I can't remember the last time I saw words like that written down!
Jane: You certainly can play, can't you?
Edwin Flagg: And you *certainly can* sing!
Blanche: Why are you doing this to me? WHY?
Newspaper Clerk: Who the hell was Baby Jane Hudson?
Blanche: Oh, please, Jane. I'm so hungry.
Jane: I have to go now.
Blanche: Just a little - please!
Jane: No! You didn't eat your din-din, so you'll have to wait till lunchtime.
Jane: Then, you mean, all this time we could've been friends?
Jane: Edwin, you forgot your money!
Jane: Alright, Blanche Hudson! Miss big, fat movie star! Miss rotten, stinking actress! Press a button, ring a bell and you think the whole *damn* world comes running, don't you? Lunch, Miss Hudson? Why, certainly, Miss Husdon! I'm sure we can find something appropriate for you, Miss Hudson!
Jane: My name is - Jane Hudson. Maybe you remember me? I'm Baby Jane Hudson.
Dehlia Flagg: Oh, this sounds like just the ticket, doesn't it?
Dehlia Flagg: Now, listen, I won't let on who I am. You see, I'll just tell 'em I'm Mr. Flagg's sec-e-tary.
Edwin Flagg: Secretary.
Dehlia Flagg: Sec-re-tary. Well, do you know, I do believe your old Mum would be a jolly good secretary, at that!
Jane: You know, we're right back where we started. When I was on the stage you had to depend on me for everything. Even the food you ate came from me. Now you have to depend on me for your food again. So, you see, we're right back where we started.
Blanche: Why are you doing this to me? Why?
Jane: Doing what?
Blanche: Making me afraid to eat. Trying to make me starve myself.
Jane: Don't be silly. If you starve you die.
Blanche: Jane, did you ever stop to think that - if anything happened to me, I mean anything bad, there wouldn't be any money for you? I wouldn't be here to sign the checks. You wouldn't even have pocket money. Did you ever think of that?
Jane: Yeah, I've thought about that.
Jane: Nothing wrong with it. You're just a neurotic, Blanche. You know that, you're just a neurotic.
Edwin Flagg: Oh, do you mean you're really - the - Baby Jane Hudson?
Jane: Yes, I am! And I'm going to revive my act exactly as I used to do it. Of course, some of the arrangements will have to be brought up-to-date. Music changes so much, doesn't it? And you know they're desperate for new acts: television, Las Vegas, and all the clubs. Well, there are a lot of people who remember me. Lots of them!
Edwin Flagg: I don't see how you could fail.
Jane: Oh, I wish Daddy could be here right now! You can never lose your talent, he used to tell me. You can lose everything else, but, you can't lose your talent.
Blanche: I was just hoping, maybe, maybe I could meet him and we could have a nice talk - just the three of us.
Jane: Yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you! Then you could tell him a whole lot of lies about me! Scare him off! Or, maybe have him for yourself!
Elvira Stitt: Oh, God, Miss Blanche! What has she done to you?
Jane: I don't understand?
Edwin Flagg: They are trying to say I'm drunk.
Police Officer: Oh, we just say that you're a little happy. Okay?
Edwin Flagg: Whose happy? I'm not happy.
Ernie, Ice Cream Vendor at Beach: I see you found that colored woman.
Police Officer: Yeah, they found her, all right.
Ernie, Ice Cream Vendor at Beach: Sure is a rotten way to get your picture in the paper. You reckon you'll ever find that Baby Jane or whatever her name is?
Liza Bates: Gee, she must be about a 150 by now.
Mrs. Bates: As a matter of fact, dear, I think Blanche Hudson is just a few years older than I am.
Liza Bates: Really?
Mrs. Bates: Yes, dear. Really!
Liza Bates: Well, how come we never see her around? We've been living next door to them for six months now. And the only one I ever see is that fat sister slouching around. Don't they ever have company? I mean it must be awful. You know, Julie says that sister is kind of peculiar. Did you ever notice that?
Jane: Dehlia? Who's Dehlia?
Edwin Flagg: You might not think it to look at her, but, she's my mother.
Jane: Oh, for a minute I thought you had a wife or a lady friend tucked away somewhere.
Edwin Flagg: Oh, no! No. Oh, no. Nothing like that.
Edwin Flagg: Call, who?
Dehlia Flagg: These people.
Edwin Flagg: Might as well.
Dehlia Flagg: Now.
Edwin Flagg: Well, it wouldn't be a lot of bloody use calling next week, would it?
Jane: I wonder if you can guess who I am?
Edwin Flagg: Can you give me a hint?
Jane: Well, its not really fair to make you guess. I'm - I'm Baby Jane Hudson.
Blanche: You said this last month, she's been a lot worst. Do you think she knows?
Elvira Stitt: About selling the house? How could she? You don't have anything in writing.
Blanche: We're sisters, Elvira. We know each other very well.
Jane: Don't you think I know everything that goes on in this house?
Jane: This isn't Blanche's house. It is my house and I can do what I like!
Ernie, Ice Cream Vendor at Beach: Cops! How do you figure cops?
Toy Salesman: Want to see it again little girl? It shouldn't frighten you.
TV Commercial Man: Isn't she great. Sorry to break in on this final Blanche Hudson movie, folks. But, you'll be glad I did when you see what I have right here for that favorite pooch of yours.
Mrs. Bates: Turn up the volume, dear, we're missing the picture.
Blanche: Its still a pretty good picture.
Blanche: Jane... what are you doing? I was watching.
Jane: Then you're an idiot.
Mrs. Bates: You must be very proud of her new success.
Jane: Yeah.
Jane: Oh, you're a liar! You're just a liar. Ya always were!     