
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Guess there's some justice in the world. You suffer, you go through hell. Then happiness comes along or everyone.
Heavy prostitute with leopard spots: Look how classy I am!
Long-haired prostitute: You look like Moby Dick!
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Madonna, Madonna, help me to change my life. Bestow your grace on me too. Make me change my life.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: What do you want from me?
Oscar D'Onofrio: If you like, I'll marry you. I wanted to ask you before but I didn't have the courage. I've wanted to since the first time I saw you.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: What are you saying? Marry me? What are you saying? Marry someone you've seen ten times. That's not how it's done. Really! Thank God I'm an honest woman.That's not how it's done. Excuse-me!
Passer-by: Looks dead to me.
Man performing artificial respiration: Dead bodies don't throw up water.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Mambo!
Boy: You're in luck Cabiria. I'm the best dancer in Rome.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Come on!
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: There's another girl, my friend Wanda, she lives there too, but I don't bother with the others. The others all sleep under the arches in Caracalla. Mind you, I have my own house with water, electricity, bottled gas, I've got everything, even a thermometer. See this one here? She never ever slept under an arch. Well, maybe once... or twice. Of course, my house is nothing like this. But I like it.
The wizard: The wizard: What type of work do you do?
Voice of spectator: Voice of spectator: She's a countess!
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: And what's this? I saw it in a movie once.
Giorgio: Giorgio: Go over there.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: It's beautiful. Come on.
Wanda: Go inside and dry yourself off.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: I don't have the keys.
Wanda: Where did you put them?
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: In my purse.
Wanda: And where's your purse?
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Giorgio's got it. We took a walk by the river and I fell in. Giorgio got scared and ran off.
Passer-by: Cabiria, Alberto Lazzari's waiting for you.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: I'm not even talking to you.
Wanda: Don't listen to her.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Who's listening?
Wanda: Hey Cabiria, there's Limpy.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: There's a winner.
Wanda: Hey, you old lecher. Home sick for jail? Come on, Cabiria, let's have a good laugh.
Wanda: The police! The police!
Heavy prostitute with leopard spots: What you all need is jail.
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: I'm getting married! He asked me to marry him! We're buying a store in Grotta Ferrata. He's already signed the contract. Without me knowing he arranged it all: a store, a house! I'm selling everything... I'll sell the house... the house. We're getting married in two weeks. Wanda, I'm leaving!
Wanda: Does he know that you...
Maria 'Cabiria' Ceccarelli: Of course he knows! I've told him everything. I didn't hide anything from him. He's a saint, an angel! He didn't want to know anything. He didn't care. He loves me! He loves me! Wanda! He loves me! Wanda!
Passer-by: Good evening.     