
Joe: When a man's got money in his pocket he begins to appreciate peace.
Joe: I don't think it's nice, you laughin'. You see, my mule don't like people laughing. He gets the crazy idea you're laughin' at him. Now if you apologize, like I know you're going to, I might convince him that you really didn't mean it.
Joe: My mistake. Four coffins...
Joe: You see, I understand you men were just playin' around, but the mule, he just doesn't get it. Course, if you were to all apologize...
Joe: I don't think it's nice, you laughin'. You see, my mule don't like people laughing. He gets the crazy idea you're laughin' at him. Now if you apologize, like I know you're going to, I might convince him that you really didn't mean it.
Marisol: Why are you doing this for us?
Joe: Because I knew someone like you once and there was no one there to help. Now, get moving.
Joe: When a man with .45 meets a man with a rifle, you said, the man with a pistol's a dead man. Let's see if that's true. Go ahead, load up and shoot.
Joe: Mmh. Well, guess your government will be glad to see that gold back.
Silvanito: And you? You don't want to be here when they get it, eh?
Joe: You mean the Mexican goverment on one side? Maybe the Americans on the other side? Me right smack in the middle? Uhn-hn. Too dangerous. So long.
Silvanito: Adios.
Joe: You shoot to kill, you better hit the heart. Your own words, Ramon.
Joe: The heart, Ramon. Don't forget the heart. Aim for the heart, or you'll never stop me.
Joe: Get three coffins ready.
Silvanito: I'm alive, and I want to remain with the living, understand? And when I'm dead, I want to remain with the dead. And I would be unhappy if somebody living forces me to remain with the living.
Chico: Our orders are to make sure he does not die... but also to make sure he regrets the day he was born.
Joe: To kill a man you shoot him in the heart. Isn't that what you said, Ramon?
John Baxter: Wait! Ramon! We'll pack up we'll leave, anything!
Ramon Rojo: Are you sure Baxter?
John Baxter: I swear it Ramon.
Ramon Rojo: Maybe you should discuss it with your wife. I don't think she'll be too happy!
Joe: Every town has a boss.
Silvanito: Yes, but when there are two around, I'd say there is one too many!
Joe: Baxter's over there, Rojo's there, me right smack in the middle.
Silvanito: If you are thinking what I suspect, I tell you, don't try it!
Joe: Crazy bell-ringer was right. There's money to be made in these parts.
Joe: Which of the two is stronger?
Silvanito: Which of them is stronger? Well... the Rojos. Especially Ramon.
Esteban Rojo: My name is Esteban Rojo, my bother asked me to... what are you doing?
Joe: Moving.
Esteban Rojo: Don't you know all our men sleep here with us?
Joe: Well that's all very cozy, but I don't find you men all that appealing.
Baxter gunman #1: Well, I suppose you could try getting a job as a scarecrow.
Baxter Gunman 2: No, the crows are liable to scare him maybe.
Don Miguel Rojo: That's the right idea? You didn't misunderstand?
Joe: I get the wrong idea only when it suits me.
Ramon Rojo: You are well informed, eh?
Joe: A man's life in these parts often depends on a mere scrap of information. Your brother's own words.
Ramon Rojo: Tell me. Why are you doing this for us?
Joe: Five hundred dollars.
Juan De Dios: You'll get rich here, or you'll be killed. Juan De Dios tolls the bell again.
Joe: Marisol: Why do you do it for us?
Joe: Why? I knew someone like you once. There was no one to there to help. Now get moving.
Silvanito: She is a woman. And Ramon is madly in love with her.
Joe: Everyone talks about Ramon. Kind of curious to meet him.
Silvanito: If you are smart, you will stay clear of Ramon for as long as possible!
Joe: Crazy bellringer was right, there's money to be made in a place like this.
Joe: Come here.
Piripero: I can't see anybody.
Joe: Come here!
Piripero: Dios mio!... What are you doing in there?
Joe: Never mind. Get me out of here.
Piripero: But, you're not dead yet.
Joe: I will be, if you don't get me out of here, quick. Get that lid down!
Consuelo Baxter: Murderers. They had no guns. Murderers! I hope you rot in hell! May you and your brothers die spitting blood! Curse you for this! MURDERERS!
Joe: Who are they?
Silvanito: Hmm. Bandits. Bandits and smugglers. They come down from Texas. They cross the frontier to stock up on guns and liquor. The cost is much less here. Then they go back and sell the guns and liquor to the Indians.
Joe: Any town that sells guns and liquor has gotta' be a rich one.
Silvanito: Not the town. Only those who buy and sell, and the bosses are the ones who clean up.
Joe: Yeah? Somebody has to run the place. Every town has a boss.
Silvanito: That's true. But when there are two around, then I'd say that there is one too many.
Joe: "Two" bosses? Very interesting.     