
Sanjuro: You're all tough, then?
Gambler: What? Kill me if you can!
Sanjuro: It'll hurt.
Sanjuro: I'll get paid for killing, and this town is full of people who deserve to die.
Orin: Kill one or a hundred. You only hang once.
Sanjuro: A truce is merely the seed for an even bigger battle, nothing is worse!
Sanjuro: Cooper. Two coffins... No, maybe three.
Sanjuro: Go hang yourself.
Sanjuro: Now we'll have some peace and quiet in this town.
Sanjuro: I'm not dying yet. I have to kill quite a few men first.
Unosuke, gunfighter: Say, samurai trash, are you there?... The entrance to hell - I'll be waiting there for you!
Sanjuro: He died as recklessly as he lived
Sanjuro: Now it'll be quiet in this town... So long!
Sanjuro: Old man. See ya around.
Sanjuro: You idiot, I'm not giving up yet. Theres a bunch of guys I have to kill first!
Title Card: The time is 1860... the emergence of a middle class has brought an end to power of the Tokugawa Dynasty... A samurai, once a dedicated warrior in the employ of Royalty, now finds himself with no master to serve other than his own will to survive... and no devices other than his wit and sword.
Sanjuro: I know I'm quite a sight, but could you do your staring later?
Hansuke: What happened? Why so glum? Your business should be booming.
The Cooper: No. When the fighting gets this bad, they don't bother with coffins.
Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Bitch!
Orin: Yeah, what!
Gonji, tavern keeper: You don't look like one of the living!
Sanjuro: You want to hire me as a body guard? Watch. I'll show you my ability.
Sanjuro: Look at this mess. I knew this would happen. I told you six men are not enough.
Sanjuro: No help for fools.
Gonji, tavern keeper: Are you afraid of ghosts?
Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: No they make me feel just great.
Sanjuro: Stop. Stop crying. It's pathetic.
Sanjuro: I hate pathetic people. I'll have to kill you.
Sanjuro: Old man, get me something to eat.
Kannuki the giant: He's nothing without his sword
Farmer: Wait, son.
Traveler: Let me go, father. It's my chance.
Farmer: Everybody's after easy money.
Kannuki the giant: Kannuki the giant: That's a shortcut to hell.
Unosuke, gunfighter: Unosuke, gunfighter: Don't come too close.
Sanjuro: A country inspector's not much, but that's a fine-looking palanquin, huh?
Gonji, tavern keeper: What's so funny?
Sanjuro: His men are drinking tea.
Gonji, tavern keeper: What of it?
Sanjuro: Look here.
Sanjuro: They've added a little something.
Unosuke, gunfighter: If I don't have my pistol, I feel sort of naked.
Unosuke, gunfighter: Unosuke, gunfighter: You want to see something interesting?
Unosuke, gunfighter: By the way, those six men were cut up pretty well. You're the only one around here good enough to have done something like that.
Sanjuro: And your point?
Unosuke, gunfighter: I'm thinking that you were the one who killed those six men.
Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Hey, you don't know him, but he's one of the best.
Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Hey, Cooper. How's business? How many coffins have you sold?
The Cooper: Two to your place...
Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Eh?
The Cooper: ...four to the other side.
Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Not bad.
Sanjuro: I guess there is no cure for stupidity, except for death.     