
Antoine Doinel: I need some money for lunch, dad. Only 1,000 francs.
Julien Doinel: Therefore you hope for 500. Therefore you need 300. Here's 100.
Psychiatrist: Your parents say you're always lying.
Antoine Doinel: Oh, I lie now and then, I suppose. Sometimes I'd tell them the truth and they still wouldn't believe me, so I prefer to lie.
English Teacher: Last and simple question. Where is the father?
Rene: Ze fazer...
English Teacher: No. The father.
Rene: Ze fazer.
English Teacher: No, the tip of the tongue between the teeth. As if you had a lisp. Father.
Rene: Fazer.
English Teacher: No.
Rene: But I can't, sir. Not everybody has a tongue like yours.
Juvenile Delinquent: I'm an unstable psychotic individual with perverted tendencies.
Judge: I think we should place your child under observation in a special home.
Gilberte Doinel: Could it be by the sea, Your Honor?
Juvenile Delinquent: Every time I cried, my father would imitate me on his fiddle, just to drive me nuts. One day I got fed up and I knocked him out.
Petite Feuille: Doinel, if your paper is first today, it's because I've decided to give the results beginning with the worst.
Antoine Doinel: Sir, it's my mother.
Petite Feuille: What about her?
Antoine Doinel: She's just died.
Gilberte Doinel: He's a liar!
Julien Doinel: Like you!
Gilberte Doinel: If you raised him right...
Julien Doinel: Shit! I gave him a name! I feed him!
Gilberte Doinel: I'm sick of your complaints! Fed up! If you can't stand him, say so. We'll put him in an orphanage so I can have some peace!
Gilberte Doinel: My boss drove me home.
Julien Doinel: Your boss.
Gilberte Doinel: I couldn't very well refuse, could I?
Julien Doinel: I hope you get overtime for that.
Gilberte Doinel: I will, at the end of the month.
Julien Doinel: Those services are usually paid in cash.
Gilberte Doinel: Oh, knock it off!
Julien Doinel: No wonder madame needs to rest on Sunday. By the way, where's my Michelin guide?
Gilberte Doinel: How should I know? Ask the boy.
Julien Doinel: He said he didn't touch it.
Gilberte Doinel: He lies through his teeth.
Julien Doinel: Like someone else I know.
Gilberte Doinel: If you raised him better...
Julien Doinel: I gave him my name, damn it! I put food on the table!
Gilberte Doinel: I've had enough of your criticism! Fine! We'll send him to the Jesuits or the army orphans. At least I'd have some peace and quiet!
Gilberte Doinel: I'm not in the mood.
Julien Doinel: Too bad, I am.
Juvenile Delinquent: If she drops her pen, pick it up, but don't look at her legs. Or else it will be on your record.
Antoine Doinel: After this I can't live with my parents anymore. I've got to disappear.
Julien Doinel: Women are always taken advantage of at the office, and they don't know what to do about it.
Gilberte Doinel: The best thing is to eat out until the end of the month.
Julien Doinel: For that, I need a clean shirt.
Juvenile Delinquent: He escaped a week ago, but they got him. Around here to escape is bad enough, but getting caught is worse.
Petite Feuille: Doinel, bring me that. Indeed! Go to the corner!
Gilberte Doinel: Antoine! He saw me!
The Lover: Which one's he?
Gilberte Doinel: With dark hair. But he should be in school!
Rene: You'll get it!
Antoine Doinel: She won't dare tell Dad.
Julien Doinel: You don't seem surprised.
Gilberte Doinel: Why should I be? He's capable of anything.
Rene: Bonjour, Madam!
Man in Street: Little devil!
Antoine Doinel: "Here lies poor Antoine Doinel, unjustly punished by Sourpuss for a pinup fallen from the sky. It will be an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth!"
Petite Feuille: Now, Doinel, go get some water and erase those insanities, or I'll make you lick the wall, my friend.
Julien Doinel: I have no socks left around these holes.
Prostitute #1: I saw a police station in a movie. It was cleaner.
Prostitute #2: I once saw a dirtier one.
Prostitute #3: And I, a more cheerful one.
Petite Feuille: Your quest of the absolute led you straight to a zero. For you who don't know Balzac, it concerns "A Shady Business".
Gilberte Doinel: Your father says he doesn't care what happens to you. You can go to a trade school. You wanted a job? You'll see how much fun a foundry can be!     