
Pvt. Cole: Why is it us? Why us?
Colour Sergeant Bourne: Because we're here, lad. Nobody else. Just us.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Damn the levies man... Cowardly blacks!
Adendorff: What the hell do you mean "cowardly blacks?" They died on your side, didn't they? And who the hell do you think is coming to wipe out your little command? The Grenadier Guards?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Hot work?
Lieutenant John Chard: Damned hot work.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Still, the river cooled you off a bit though, eh?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Who are you?
Lieutenant John Chard: John Chard, Royal Engineers.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Bromhead. 24th. That's my post... up there.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: You've come down from the column?
Lieutenant John Chard: That's right. They want a bridge across the river.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Who said you could use my men?
Lieutenant John Chard: They were sitting around on their backsides, doing nothing.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Rather you asked first, old boy.
Lieutenant John Chard: I was told that their officer was out hunting.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Err... yes.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: I'll tell my man to clean your kit.
Lieutenant John Chard: Don't bother.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: No bother... I'm not offering to clean it myself. Still, a chap ought to look smart in front of the men, don't you think? Well, chin-chin Do carry on with your mud pies.
Lieutenant John Chard: The army doesn't like more than one disaster in a day.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Looks bad in the newspapers and upsets civilians at their breakfast.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Sixty! We dropped at least 60, wouldn't you say?
Adendorff: That leaves only 3,940.
Lieutenant John Chard: Well, you've fought your first action.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Does everyone feel like this afterwards?
Lieutenant John Chard: How do you feel?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Sick.
Lieutenant John Chard: Well, you have to feel alive to feel sick.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: You asked me, I told you.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: There's something else. I feel ashamed. Was that how it was for you? The first time?
Lieutenant John Chard: The first time? You think I could stand this butcher's yard more than once?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: I didn't know.
Lieutenant John Chard: I came up here to build a bridge.
Colour Sergeant Bourne: It's a miracle.
Lieutenant John Chard: If it's a miracle, Colour Sergeant, it's a short chamber Boxer Henry point 45 caliber miracle.
Colour Sergeant Bourne: And a bayonet, sir, with some guts behind.
Lieutenant John Chard: Do you think the Welsh can't do better than that, Owen?
Pvt. Owen: Well, they've got a very good bass section, mind, but no top tenors that's for sure.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Chard. One of my men - Hook - do you know him?
Lieutenant John Chard: No.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: In the hospital, malingering under arrest. He's a thief, a coward and an insubordinate barrack room lawyer. And you've given him a rifle!
Lieutenant John Chard: What?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: In Queen's Regulations, it specifically states - Damn funny. Like a train... in the distance.
Lieutenant John Chard: You were saying about Hook?
Colour Sergeant Bourne: Hitch... Hitch, I saw you. You're alive.
Pvt. Hitch: I am? Oh, thanks very much.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Fire at will!
Pvt. Owen: That's very nice of him.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: It looks er... jolly simple, doesn't it?
Adendorff: It's, er, jolly deadly, old boy.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Well done, Adendorff, we'll make an Englishmen of you yet!
Margareta Witt: How can they let themselves be married in droves like this - young girls to... to old men?
Reverend Otto Witt: In Europe, young women accept arranged marriages with rich men. Perhaps the Zulu girls are luckier, getting a *brave* man.
Private Henry Hook: Rourke's Drift... It'd take an Irishman to give his name to a rotten stinking middle o' nowhere hole like this.
Lieutenant John Chard: Mr. Witt! When I have the impertinence to climb into your pulpit to deliver a sermon, then you can tell me my duty.
Cpl. William Allen: Can you move your leg?
Pvt. Hitch: If you want me to dance...
Cpl. William Allen: I want you to *crawl*. Come on, you slovenly soldier, we've got work to do.
Reverend Otto Witt: Death waits you! You have made a covenant with death, and with Hell you are in agreement. You're all going to die! Don't you realize? Can't you see? You're all going to die! Die! Death awaits you all!
Private Henry Hook: Twenty eight days field punishment! No pay! You know what he did? Sent my money to my Missus.
Private Henry Hook: What did you do that for?
Hughes: Hey, Hooky... who's doing all that shooting? Who do you think?
Private Henry Hook: Who do you think? Mister flamin' Bromhead, shooting flamin' defenseless animals for the flamin' officers' flamin' dinner.
Cpl. Frederic Schiess, NNC: I belong to Natal Mounted Police.
Pvt. William Jones: Is that true then? He's a peeler, 716. Come to arrest the Zulus.
Adendorff: Haven't you had enough? Both of you! My god, can't you see it's all over! Your bloody egos don't matter anymore. We're dead!
Lieutenant John Chard: You didn't say a thing to help, Bromhead.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Well, when you take command, old boy, you're on your own. One of the first things that the general - my grandfather - ever taught me.
Pvt. 593 Jones: What's he up to, 593?
Pvt. 716 Jones: Oh, I think he wants to be hero, 716.
Cpl. Frederic Schiess, NNC: Haven't you rednecks got names instead of numbers?
Pvt. 716 Jones: 'Tis a Welsh regiment, man! Though there are some foreigners from England in it , mind. I am Jones from Bwlchgwyn, he is Jones from Builth Wells, and there are four more Joneses in C Company! Confusing, isn't it, Dutchy?
Color Sgt. Bourne: Hughes!
Hughes: Excused duty!
Color Sgt. Bourne: No comedians, please. Hughes.
Hughes: Yes, Colour Sergeant.
Reverend Otto Witt: He breaketh the bow and snappeth the spear in sunder!
Color Sgt. Bourne: I shall be exalted among the 'eathens... I shall be exalted in the Earth.
Reverend Otto Witt: One thousand British soldiers have been massacred. While I stood here talking peace, a war has started.
Colour Sergeant Bourne: A prayer's as good as bayonet on a day like this.
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: You know this boy?
Orderly: Name is Cole, sir. He's a paper hanger.
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: Well, he's a dead paper hanger now.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Now there's a bitter pill. Our own damned rifles!
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Well done, Adendorff, we'll make an Englishman of you yet!
Adendorff: No, thanks. I'm a Boer. The Zulus are the enemies of my blood. What are you doing here?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: You don't object to our help, I hope?
Adendorff: It all depends on what you damned English want for it afterwards.
Colour Sergeant Bourne: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth. The Lord of Hosts is with us.
Cpl. William Allen: I hope so. As I live and die, I hope so.
Cpl. Frederic Schiess, NNC: A Zulu regiment can run, *run*, 50 miles and fight a battle at the end of it.
Pvt. William Jones: Well, there's daft, it is then. I don't see no sense in running to fight a battle.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Adendorff, what's wrong with them? Why don't they fight?
Adendorff: They're counting your guns.
Lieutenant John Chard: *What?*
Adendorff: Can't you see that old boy up on the hill? He's counting your guns. Testing your firing power with the lives of his warriors.
Pvt. John Williams: Hooky, come on old boy, do something!
Pte. Henry Hook: I'm excused duty.
Pvt. John Williams: Well, I haven't excused you, have I?
Pte. Henry Hook: Oh, YOU want some help? Well, why didn't you say so?
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: You know what you've got there, my malingering Hector?
Private Henry Hook: No, sir. Hook's the name, sir.
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: You've got a fine glistening boil, my friend. There's one glistening boil for every soldier in Africa. You may not get any medals in this campaign, Hook, but you'll certainly get more boils. For every gunshot wound I probe, I expect to lance 3 boils.
Private Henry Hook: A spot of medicinal brandy would set me up, sir!
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: Brandy's for heroes, Mr. Hook. The rest of you will make do with boils on your skin, flies in your meat and dysentery on your bellies!
Margareta Witt: Why do they carry those little daggers, Father?
Reverend Otto Witt: It is a symbol of their chastity.
Hughes: Colour Sergeant Bourne! What's that shooting?
Colour Sergeant Bourne: A rifle, Hughes.
Hughes: Eh?
Colour Sergeant Bourne: If you're sick in hospital, I'd suggest you go and lie down.
Hughes: Yes, Colour Sergeant.
Lieutenant John Chard: Mr. Bourne, there should be 12 more men working on this redoubt.
Color Sgt. Bourne: They're very tired, sir.
Lieutenant John Chard: I don't give a damn! And I want this wall nine feet high, firing steps on the inside. Form details to clear away the Zulu bodies, rebuild the south rampart, keep 'em moving! Do you understand?
Color Sgt. Bourne: Yes sir... very good, sir.
Lieutenant John Chard: What's our strength?
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Seven officers including surgeon, commissaries and so on; Adendorff now I suppose; wounded and sick 36, fit for duty 97 and about 40 native levies. Not much of an army for you.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: You mean your only plan is to stand behind a few feet of mealie bags and wait for the attack?
Private Henry Hook: What for? Did I ever see a Zulu walk down the city road? No! So what am I doing here?
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: This is going to hurt you a lot more than it will me, I'm happy to say.
Cpl. William Allen: Heave! Put a bit more weight on that rope, you men!
Pvt. John Williams: He's even got a voice like a corporal!
Pvt. Fred Hitch: Yeah, sort of like a female hippopotamus in labor.
Lieutenant John Chard: Good. I can find work for baritones as well as tenors.
Colour Sergeant Bourne: All right, nobody told you to stop working.
Sergeant Windridge: Owen!
Pvt. Owen: Yes, Sergeant?
Sergeant Windridge: You've got a voice, haven't you?
Pvt. Owen: Yes, baritone, Sergeant.
Sergeant Windridge: Well, get up on that hill and sing out if you see anything. You, too. And take your bandook, you dozy Welshman!
Cpl. William Allen: You slovenly soldier, Hitch.
Private Henry Hook: Shut up, you cripple!
Lieutenant John Chard: You're the professional. Take command.
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: Now listen, old boy, you're not badly hurt. We need you! We need you! Understand?
Private Thomas: Why worry about a calf? I thought I was tired of farming. No adventure in it. But when you look at it, this country's not a bit as good as Bala and the lake there. Not really green, like. And the soil. There's no moisture in it. Nothing to hold a man in his grave.
Lieutenant John Chard: I came here to build a bridge.
Surgeon Maj. Reynolds: Orderly, damn it!, will you keep the flies away! Fan it! Damn you, Chard! Damn all you butchers!
Reverend Otto Witt: The way of the Lord has been shown to us!
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: If 1200 men couldn't hold a defensive position this morning, what chance have we with 100?
Colour Sergeant Bourne: The Lord of Hosts is with us.
Cpl. William Allen: I hope so... as I live and die, I hope so.
Sgt. Robert Maxfield: You're no good to anyone, except the Queen and Sergeant Maxfield!
Private Henry Hook: Well, thank you very much, the both of you!
Private Henry Hook: Stuff me with green apples! If a dog was as sick as him, they'd shoot it!
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: At one hundred yards, volley fire! Present! Aim! Fire!
Lieutenant Gonville Bromhead: It's fear dries the mouth, isn't it? When a man's as thirsty as this.
Lieutenant John Chard: I could have drunk a river.
Cpl. Frederic Schiess, NNC: What do you know about Zulus?
Pvt. 716 Jones: Bunch of savages, isn't it?
Colour Sergeant Bourne: The sentries report Zulus to the southwest. Thousands of them.
Reverend Otto Witt: The Book says "What went ye out into the wilderness to see, a man clothed in soft raiment?"
Cpl. William Allen: Trouble, sir?
Lieutenant John Chard: Could be.
Cpl. William Allen: I could anchor the ponts midstream, sir. With 6 riflemen I could...
Lieutenant John Chard: This a situation you think an engineer officer can't handle, Corporal?
Cpl. William Allen: No sir, beg pardon, sir.
Lieutenant John Chard: Fall them in.
Cpl. William Allen: We ain't finished the bridge, sir.
Lieutenant John Chard: Fall them in, Corporal.
Lieutenant John Chard: Front rank fire! Rear rank fire, reload!
Lieutenant John Chard: Commissary Dalton: Careful! Pop that chap somebody! Good fellow! Good fellow!
Reverend Otto Witt: Would you kill your brother, boy?
Reverend Otto Witt: Obey the Lord, boy. Obey the Lord.
Cetewayo:     