
Baron Nishi: And always do what's right because it's right.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: I will always be in front of you.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: If our children can live safely for one more day it would be worth the one more day that we defend this island.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: For our homeland. Until the very last man. Our duty is to stop the enemy right here. Do not expect to return home alive.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: I don't want you to kill my soldiers needlessly. Put down your sword. Put it down!
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: What's going on here?
Lieutenant Ito: These men ran from Suribachi.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: Lt. Ito, I gave the order that all survivors retreat to the north caves.
Lieutenant Ito: I am very sorry, General. It's just... Suribachi... has fallen.
Saigo: We can die here, or we can continue fighting. Which would better serve the emperor?
Baron Nishi: This is a picture of me and my horse champion.
Sam: No kidding. Oklahoma, it's where I'm from.
Baron Nishi: Takeichi.
Sam: Sam.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: The United States is the *last* country in the world that Japan should fight.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: I am determined to serve and give my life for my country.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: A day will come when they will weep and pray for your souls.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: You are quite a soldier
Saigo: No, just a simple baker
Shimizu: I don't know anything about the enemy. I thought all Americans were cowards. I was taught they were savages.
Lieutenant Okubo: Shall I finish him off?
Baron Nishi: No. Treat him.
Lieutenant Okubo: But, sir...
Baron Nishi: Okubo, you would expect the same, wouldn't you? Endo, treat him.
Medic Endo: We are low on morphine as it is.
Shimizu: Sir, the Americans would not treat a wounded Japanese soldier.
Baron Nishi: Son, have you ever met one? Treat him.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: Everything happens in threes.
Saigo: We soldiers dig. We dig all day. This is the hole that we will fight and die in. Am I digging my own grave?
Lt. Colonel Oiso: We will make a run for Motoyama. There is no cover for 2 kilometers, it will be every man for himself. See you on the other side, if not on this earth, then in the next world.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: You again?
Saigo: Thank you very much. I'm happy to serve the country.
General Tadamichi Kuribayashi: We will build those underground fortifications. And fight till the end.
Saigo: He studied the Americans. So he knows how to beat them.     