
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: The man who said "I'd rather be lucky than good" saw deeply into life. People are afraid to face how great a part of life is dependent on luck. It's scary to think so much is out of one's control. There are moments in a match when the ball hits the top of the net, and for a split second, it can either go forward or fall back. With a little luck, it goes forward, and you win. Or maybe it doesn't, and you lose.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Sophocles said, "To never have been born may be the greatest boon of all."
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: So tell me, what's a beautiful young American ping-pong player doing mingling among the British upper class?
Nola Rice: Did anyone ever tell you you play a very aggressive game?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Did anyone ever tell you you have very sensual lips?
Nola Rice: Extremely aggressive.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I'm naturally competitive.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: You can learn to push the guilt under the rug and - go on. You have to. Otherwise it overwhelms you.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Chris's Dad was a bit of a religious fanatic.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: After he lost both his legs, he found Jesus.
Tom Hewett: God... Sorry, but it just doesn't seem like a fair trade.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: It would be fitting if I were apprehended... and punished. At least there would be some small sign of justice - some small measure of hope for the possibility of meaning.
Estate Agent: That's your sofa, which also doubles up as a bed, which is great, you know, cause you can be watching some telly and you ain't got to hassle having to get outta the bedroom, you can just open it up, get your kip. Kitchen just through there, all your amenities, fixtures, fittings, washer, dryer, all that stuff. Lovely view, not overlooked. So, ah, it's all good.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: This is two hundred and twenty five a week?
Estate Agent: Well it's London, mate. Bang, mate. You know? You don't like it, move to Leeds, do ya know what I mean? You got a wok? You got a wok? It's one of those oriental, sort of conical pans? The geezer who was in here before, he left one in there. You're welcome to it. I'll throw that in.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I'll take it.
Detective Banner: Have you seen this before?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: No
Detective Banner: Were you aware that Nola Rice kept a diary?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: no
Detective Banner: Do you still claim that the last time you saw Nola Rice was at the Tate Modern over a year ago?
Nola Rice: I don't think this is a good idea. You shouldn't have followed me here.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Do you feel guilty?
Nola Rice: Do you?
Nola Rice: We can't do this.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I know.
Nola Rice: This can't lead any place.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Was I dreadful?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: No, not at all, you have very unique style.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Yeah, it's called clumsy!
Nola Rice: I want an Aston Martin or one of those vintage convertible Mercedes.
Tom Hewett: When we're married, we'll collect vintage cars. Just as long as I can have a DB9 with all the trim.
Nola Rice: He saw me across the room and he homed in on me like a guided missile.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Have I told you I'm afraid of heights?
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Really?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Yeah.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: That could be a problem
Alec Hewett: Here we are. To Terrance!
Eleanor Hewett, Chloe Hewett Wilton, Heather, Tom Hewett: To Terrance.
Tom Hewett: And all that sail on him.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I couldn't stand the whole tour thing.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Look, you can't blame me for trying to hide the fact that I had an affair with her. I know that it's not the most honorable thing to cheat on your wife, but that does not make me a murderer
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Sh! Nola! Calm down! Calm the fuck down!
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: You never know who your neighbors are till there's a crisis.
Tom Hewett: So who was better, or tougher? Henman or Agassi?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: They were both great.
Tom Hewett: Yeah, I know, but I mean, you held your own more than admirably.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: For a while. But as the game goes on, you see how really good they are.
Alec Hewett: I hear you're an incredible tennis player. I played once, and then I gave up, then I went back, then I gave up - then I went back.
Tom Hewett: Chlo-Chlo, do you wanna have a knock with Chris for a bit? It's just that it's 5:00 somewhere, darling, and I've some serious cocktails to start making. Irish! Have you ever had a Cuba libre or a caipirinha?
Chloe Hewett Wilton: It'd be really boring for Chris to play with me on my own.
Tom Hewett: It's really boring for him to play with me, but he's a good sport. And anyway, you've got better legs than I've got. Chop-chop.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Don't worry, it comes back. What you can't do is rush in, be discouraged.
Mr. Townsend: You don't miss playing professionally?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I thank God every day I don't have to do it. I hate the whole - tennis tour thing. Constant traveling, and I was never going to be Rusedski or Agassi. You have to really want it. Not that I have their talent.
Tom Hewett: It's taken Mother quite a long time to get used to the idea that I'm serious about her; but, to be honest with you, Mother's always had this funny little agenda for me which doesn't really involve marrying a struggling actress. Especially an American one. But, I am crazy about her.
Eleanor Hewett: She's spoilt and temperamental.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: She's an actress, they're emotional.
Eleanor Hewett: She's deluding herself, and she's moody.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I think it's important to be lucky in anything.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Well, I don't believe in luck. I believe in hard work.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Oh, hard work is mandatory, but, I think everybody's afraid to admit what a big part luck plays. I mean, it seems scientists are - confirming more and more that all existence is here by blind chance. No purpose, no design.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: I'm so bad.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: That's how you get better. Playing with a stronger player. Come on.
Tom Hewett: What was it the the vicar used to say? "Despair is the path of least resistance." It was something odd, wasn't it? It was very strange.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I think that faith is the path of least resistance.
Tom Hewett: Oh, God.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Oh, God! Can we change the subject, please?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: It's very rare. It has some beautiful arias on it. And his voice expresses everything that's tragic about life.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: You find it tragic, do you?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: And you?
Chloe Hewett Wilton: I love it.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: Let's stay at home and have dinner, and listen to the tragedy. I'm gonna open one of those bottles of wine I got you.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Ah, Puligny-Montrachet. I never heard of it before Tom ordered it. Now I'm addicted.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I'm sure she's not more beautiful than you are.
Nola Rice: What I am is sexy. But Linda's, my sister, is classically beautiful.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: So, you are aware of your effect on men?
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: She's very sweet.
Nola Rice: She is very sweet.
Nola Rice: I'd better bring a different change of clothes. I don't think your mother appreciated what I brought last time.
Tom Hewett: I think that was your swimsuit. She's just used to slightly more fabric.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: What unbelievable bad luck. Christ, I can't get my wife pregnant no matter how hard I try, and the minute you're unprotected I knock you up.
Nola Rice: It's 'cause you love me, and you don't love her.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Is that your interpretation?
Nola Rice: It's a child conceived out of genuine passion, not as part of some - fertility project.
Tom Hewett: Merry bloody Christmas!
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I got involved with a woman. Very nice. Family's got nothing but money. Big estate, servants, polo ponies. All quite lovely.
Henry: Hey, look, I understand. It beats getting your heart broken all the time by the top seeds.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Isn't it amazing how much of life turns on whether the ball goes over the net or comes right back at you?
Nola Rice: Men always seem to wonder. They think I'd be something very special.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: And are you?
Nola Rice: Well, no one's ever asked for their money back.
Eleanor Hewett: All I'm saying is acting's so will-o'-the-wisp. Those that have it, know it right off. To pursue it because you don't want to admit defeat to friends back home is, frankly, unrealistic. I'm sorry, but that's the way I feel.
Eleanor Hewett: You think you're going to be living forever, you're not.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Hi, darling. Have you seen my Strindberg book?
Eleanor Hewett: I liked him. I just don't understand what he's aiming for.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: He certainly doesn't want to be a tennis pro for the rest of his life.
Alec Hewett: Well, I find him very likeable. He's fought his way up the only way open to him and he's not trivial. I had a very interesting conversation the other day about Dostoevsky.
Tom Hewett: Something's just changed in her face. I mean, I - we barely spoke.
Heather: Tom said she looked a bit hard.
Tom Hewett: Yeah, well, she's always, you know, been a lady of the sauce, so to speak. And I think it kind of runs in the family, but, I don't know, I mean she's still got that "come-hither" look.
Nola Rice: You're gonna do very well for yourself, unless you blow it.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: And how am I going to blow it?
Nola Rice: By making a pass at me.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I just feel - feel so guilty. So, terribly guilty.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: I still can't do it with you tonight. I'm not over my little dose of whatever.
Inspector Dowd: Come on, I'll buy you breakfast. You can traumatize me with the rest of your dreams.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I'm not saying I don't love her. Just not in the way I feel about this other woman.
John the Chauffeur: Right.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Maybe it's finally the difference between love and lust.
Tom Hewett: My nephew.
Eleanor Hewett: My uncle, Uncle Tom.
Chloe Hewett Wilton: We haven't been lucky yet, that's all.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: The innocent are sometimes slain to make way for a grander scheme. You were collateral damage.
Alec Hewett: To Terence Elliot Wilton!
Eleanor Hewett: Yes.
Alec Hewett: With parents like Chloe and Chris, this child will be great at anything he sets his mind to.
Eleanor Hewett: He will. He will.
Tom Hewett: You know, I don't care if he's great. I just hope that he's lucky.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: Roast chicken
Alec Hewett: Eleanor, I think you have had one too many G and T's.
Christopher "Chris" Wilton: I drove an Aston Martin once.
Tom Hewett: Really?     