
David Huxley: Now it isn't that I don't like you, Susan, because, after all, in moments of quiet, I'm strangely drawn toward you, but - well, there haven't been any quiet moments.
Mrs. Random: Well who are you?
David Huxley: I don't know. I'm not quite myself today.
Mrs. Random: Well, you look perfectly idiotic in those clothes.
David Huxley: These aren't *my* clothes.
Mrs. Random: Well, where *are* your clothes?
David Huxley: I've *lost* my clothes!
Mrs. Random: But why are you wearing *these* clothes?
David Huxley: Because I just went *GAY* all of a sudden!
Mrs. Random: Now see here young man, stop this nonsense. What are you doing?
David Huxley: I'm sitting in the middle of 42nd Street waiting for a bus.
David Huxley: You don't understand: this is *my* car!
Susan Vance: You mean *this* is your car? *Your* golf ball? *Your* car? Is there anything in the world that doesn't belong to you?
David Huxley: Yes, thank heaven, YOU!
Susan Vance: "He's three years old, gentle as a kitten, and likes dogs." I wonder whether Mark means that he eats dogs or is fond of them?
Susan Vance: Now, don't lose your temper.
David Huxley: My dear young lady, I'm not losing my temper. I'm merely trying to play some golf!
Susan Vance: Well you choose the funniest places; this is a *parking-lot*.
David Huxley: Susan, you have to get out of this apartment!
Susan Vance: I can't, I have a lease.
David Huxley: Susan, what are you doing?
Susan Vance: Pebbles.
David Huxley: Pebbles? What for?
Susan Vance: Well, I've heard that if you throw pebbles up against a window, the people think it's hail and then they come and close the windows.
David Huxley: I, I, I - Oh!
David Huxley: Oh, I know we ought to go now, but somehow I can't move.
Susan Vance: Anyway, David, when they find out who we are they'll let us out.
David Huxley: When they find out who *you* are they'll pad the cell.
Susan Vance: You've just had a bad day, that's all.
David Huxley: That's a masterpiece of understatement.
Susan Vance: You mean you want *me* to go home?
David Huxley: Yes.
Susan Vance: You mean you don't want me to help you any more?
David Huxley: No.
Susan Vance: After all the fun we've had?
David Huxley: Yes.
Susan Vance: And after all the things I've done for you?
David Huxley: That's what I mean.
David Huxley: When a man is wrestling a leopard in the middle of a pond, he's in no position to run.
David Huxley: Now don't lose your head, Susan.
Susan Vance: My what?
David Huxley: Don't lose your head!
Susan Vance: I've got my head, I've lost my leopard!
David Huxley: The only way you'll ever get me to follow another of your suggestions is to hold a bright object in front of my eyes and twirl it.
Susan Vance: Oh, David, can you ever forgive me?
David Huxley: I... I... I...
Susan Vance: You can! And you still love me.
David Huxley: Susan, that... that...
Susan Vance: You do. Oh, David.
David Huxley: Oh, dear. Oh, my.
Susan Vance: I won't leave you, David! I love you!
David Huxley: What?
Susan Vance: Now that's all perfectly clear, isn't it?
Dr. Fritz Lehman: Yeah-No it *isn't* ! You see - she's going to give me an explanation...
David Huxley: No no no and my dear sir, it never *will* be clear, as long as she's explaining it!
David Huxley: But Susan, you can't climb in a man's bedroom window!
Susan Vance: I know, it's on the second floor!
David Huxley: Alice I think this one must belong in the tail.
Alice Swallow: Nonsense. You tried it in the tail yesterday, and it didn't fit.
Susan Vance: Well, don't you worry, David, because if there's anything that I can do to help you, just let me know and I'll do it.
David Huxley: Well, er - don't do it until I let you know.
David Huxley: How can all these things happen to just one person?
Susan Vance: I was born on the side of a hill.
David Huxley: I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody!
Susan Vance: Oh, I'm caught on something - David, help me, will you?
David Huxley: Oh, no. That's poison ivy.
Susan Vance: I bet you wouldn't treat Miss Swallow this way.
David Huxley: I bet Miss Swallow knows poison ivy when she sees it.
Susan Vance: Yes, I bet poison ivy runs when it sees her.
David Huxley: Constable, she's making all this up out of motion pictures she's seen!
Susan Vance: Oh, I suppose I saw you with that red-headed skirt in a motion picture ?
Constable Slocum: There you are doc - another woman.
Susan Vance: Sure, I wouldn't be squealing if he hadn't give me the run-around with that other twist.
Constable Slocum: Oh, so he's a lady killer.
Susan Vance: A lady killer? Why he's a regular Don Swan. Loves the ladies, don't ya, honey? He bops them over, one, two, three - boom - just like that.
Susan Vance: He's a wolf.
David Huxley: Oh, so now I'm a wolf!
Mr. Gogarty: Miss Susan! How'd you get here?
David Huxley: Influence.
Susan Vance: Don't worry, Gogarty, I'll get you out.
David Huxley: Oh, sure. Look, she got me out.
Susan Vance: There *is* a leopard on your roof and it's my leopard and I have to get it and to get it I have to sing.
Alice Swallow: Oh David, what have you done?
David Huxley: Just name anything, and I've done it.
David Huxley: Susan, is there any way to cross this stream?
Susan Vance: Oh, surely it's shallow. We can wade across.
David Huxley: Oh, Susan...
Susan Vance: The riverbed's changed!
Susan Vance: Oh, look, David, a boot.
David Huxley: A boot.
Susan Vance: Don't hit George, David.
David Huxley: I wasn't going to hit *George*!
David Huxley: You see, a PGA has two black dots and a Cro-Flight has a circle.
Susan Vance: Mm-hmm. I'm not superstitious about things like that.
David Huxley: So if you don't mind, Susan, I'll see Mr. Peabody alone, and unarmed.
Susan Vance: Without me?
David Huxley: Yes, without you, and *definitely* without you.
Susan Vance: You mean to say you don't remember 'Jerry the Nipper' ?
David Huxley: Constable she's making all this up out of motion pictures she's seen!
Mrs. Random: Who is this David?
Susan Vance: He's a friend of Mark's.
Mrs. Random: Is that all you know about him?
Susan Vance: No, I know that I'm gonna marry him. He doesn't know it but I am.
Mrs. Random: Now see here, if you're planning to marry him on my money you are very much mistaken. I don't want another lunatic in the family I have lunatics enough all ready. When are you going to marry him? What's his name?
Susan Vance: It's uh Bone
Mrs. Random: Bones ?
Susan Vance: One Bone
Mrs. Random: Well one bone or two bones it's a ridiculous name.
Mrs. Random: What does he do?
Susan Vance: He hunts
Mrs. Random: Hunts? Hunts what?
Susan Vance: Well - animals I should think.
David Huxley: Yes, I did see Mr. Peabody, but I didn't see him. Well that is, I didn't see him really. Yes, I spoke to him twice, but I didn't talk to him.
Alice Swallow: But David, I don't understand. Did you see him or didn't you ?
David Huxley: Well - no I don't know - well how do I know ? well because - because - well there's someone at the door - you see there are some things that are very hard to explain, Alice.
Alice Swallow: Now once and for all, David, *nothing* must interfere with your work. Our marriage must entail no domestic entanglements of any kind.
David Huxley: You mean... you mean...
Alice Swallow: I mean of *any* kind, David.
David Huxley: There you see, it's a circle.
Susan Vance: Well, of course it is, do you think it would roll if it were square?
David Huxley: Well I might have known you were here. I had a feeling - just as I hit the floor.
Susan Vance: That was your hat.
Susan Vance: What would you say about a man who follows a girl around...
Dr. Fritz Lehman: Follows her around...
Susan Vance: ...And then when she talks to him, he fights with her?
Dr. Fritz Lehman: Fights with her... is the young man your fiance?
Dr. Fritz Lehman: Well, the love impulse in men very frequently reveals itself in terms of conflict.
Susan Vance: The love impulse!
Dr. Fritz Lehman: Without my knowing anything about it, my rough guess would be, that he has a fixation on you, a fixation...
Susan Vance: No no wait a minute, I can't remember any more than that!
Susan Vance: You know why you're following me? You're a fixation.
Susan Vance: You're angry, aren't you?
David Huxley: Yes, I am!
Susan Vance: Mm-hmm. The love impulse in man frequently reveals itself in terms of conflict.
Susan Vance: Now please listen to me - you certainly can't think that I did that intentionally!
David Huxley: Well, if I *could* think, I'd have run when I saw you!
Susan Vance: Don't just stand there. Do something! Do something! Oh my goodness! Well, get behind me.
David Huxley: I *am* behind you.
Susan Vance: Well, get closer.
David Huxley: I can't *get* any closer!
Mrs. Random: Susan Susan - come back here - come back here this minute! What are you doing?
Susan Vance: Hunting for George.
Mrs. Random: Why?
Susan Vance: David wants him, David loves him, David thinks he's such a nice dog.
Mrs. Random: George is a fiend and you know it!
Susan Vance: But David doesn't.
Mrs. Random: What are you doing?
David Huxley: I'm sitting in the middle of 42nd Street waiting for a bus!
Alice Swallow: Well, there's nothing else I can say except that I'm glad that before I married you , you showed yourself in your true colors: You're just a butterfly.
David Huxley: My bone. It's rare. It's precious. What did you do with it?
Susan Vance: The bone!
David Huxley: Susan, you had it. Give it to me.
Susan Vance: No, I haven't got it.
David Huxley: Did you carry it somewhere?
Susan Vance: No, David. Why would I carry a bone around?
David Huxley: I wouldn't dare give a reason for anythting you do.
Susan Vance: Well, I guess you'll have to find another one.
David Huxley: It took three expeditions and five years to find that one!
Susan Vance: David, now that they know where to find one, couldn't you send them back to get another one?
David Huxley: First you drop an olive, and then I sit on my hat. It all fits perfectly.
Susan Vance: Oh, yes, but you can't do that trick without dropping some of the olives; it takes practice.
David Huxley: What, to sit on my hat?
Susan Vance: No, to drop an olive.
Mrs. Random: Well, what does he do?
Susan Vance: He's a big game hunter.
Mrs. Random: You call that big game hunting?
Susan Vance: Have you got a leopard?
David Huxley: No.
Susan Vance: Well, I've got a leopard, and you're a zoologist, so come over and help me.
Susan Vance: Yes, David, of course I know what a zoologist is!
Susan Vance: Look! I found your bone!
David Huxley: How did you find it?
Susan Vance: Well, I followed George around for three days. I dug holes with him, and he dug holes with me, and I found your bone!
Mr. Gogarty: I saw it outside.
Mrs. Gogarty: Saw what?
Mr. Gogarty: A cat as big as a cow, with eyes like balls of fire.
David Huxley: My glasses! Don't move, Susan.
Susan Vance: Here they are. Oooh, they're broken. I'm so sorry.
David Huxley: It doesn't make any difference. The things I've been doing today, I can do just as well with my eyes shut.
Prof. LaTouche: Good morning, Miss Swallow.
Alice Swallow: Shh.
Prof. LaTouche: Why what's the matter ?
Alice Swallow: Doctor Huxley is thinking.
Dr. Alexander Peabody: Dr. Huxley, when I play golf, I only talk golf - and then only between shots.
David Huxley: I don't like leopards!
Susan Vance: Well, just pretend he's a housecat.
David Huxley: I don't like cats, either.
Mrs. Random: Well, who is he?
Susan Vance: Oh, he's a friend of Mark's, from brazil. He's had a nervous breakdown, and it's left him a little...
David Huxley: Oh, so now I'm a nut from Brazil!
Mrs. Random: Why is he wearing your negligee?
Susan Vance: Mark said that if he wants to wear a negligee, we have to let him wear a negligee.
David Huxley: What would happen if Baby and George got together?
Susan Vance: They'd probably get along.
David Huxley: And if they didn't?
Susan Vance: Then Baby would eat George.
Alice Swallow: You're just a butterfly.
David Huxley: Oh, so now I'm a butterfly!
Susan Vance: "He likes music, especially that song 'I Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby'."
Susan Vance: I wonder why he likes that song, it's such an old tune, and...
David Huxley: Susan, if we put the Victrola in the bathroom, would he go back in there?
Prof. LaTouche: Good morning, Miss Swallow.
Alice Swallow: Shhh!
Prof. LaTouche: Why, what's the matter?
Alice Swallow: Shhh! Dr. Huxley is thinking
David Huxley: Alice, I think this one must belong in the tail.
Alice Swallow: Nonsense. You tried it in the tail yesterday and it didn't fit.
David Huxley: Yes, that's right. I did, didn't I?
Alice Swallow: You have an appointment this afternoon.
David Huxley: Have I? What for?
Alice Swallow: To play golf with Mr. Peabody.
David Huxley: What Peabody?
Alice Swallow: THE Alexander Peabody who represents Mrs. Carleton Random.
David Huxley: Now let me think.
Alice Swallow: Who may donate $1 million to the museum to complete all this.
David Huxley: Oh, sure! That Mr. Peabody. $1 million. That's pretty white of Mr. Peabody.
Alice Swallow: You haven't got it yet.
Constable Slocum: Hold on. You can't spell "leopard" with a "U".
Motorcycle Cop at Jail: How do you spell it?
Constable Slocum: Double "U".
David Huxley: A million dollars! Say, that's pretty white of Mr. Peabody, isn't it?     