
Jeffrey Pelt: Listen, I'm a politician which means I'm a cheat and a liar, and when I'm not kissing babies I'm stealing their lollipops. But it also means I keep my options open.
Captain Ramius: "... and the sea will grant each man new hope, as sleep brings dreams of home." Christopher Columbus.
Jack Ryan: Welcome to the New World, Captain.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: I will live in Montana. And I will marry a round American woman and raise rabbits, and she will cook them for me. And I will have a pickup truck... maybe even a "recreational vehicle." And drive from state to state. Do they let you do that?
Captain Ramius: I suppose.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: No papers?
Captain Ramius: No papers, state to state.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Well then, in winter I will live in... Arizona. Actually, I think I will need two wives.
Captain Ramius: Oh, at least.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: I would like to have seen Montana.
Jack Ryan: "Ryan, some things in here don't react well to bullets." Yeah, like me. I don't react well to bullets.
Admiral Josh Painter: You think he's crazy?
Captain Davenport: Certifiable. And no matter what his credentials, I don't care for him wearing the uniform.
Admiral Josh Painter: You see that ring on his finger? The Academy, Class of '72. A Marine.
Captain Davenport: You're kidding! How did you...
Admiral Josh Painter: Greer told me. Summer of his third year, he and his squad went down in a chopper accident in the Med. Bad - pilot, crew killed. That kid spent ten months in traction, another year learning to walk again. Did his fourth year from the hospital. Now it's up to you, Charlie, but you might consider cuttin' the kid a little slack.
Captain Ramius: Re-verify our range to target... one ping only.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Captain, I - I - I just...
Captain Ramius: Give me a ping, Vasili. One ping only, please.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Aye, Captain.
Adm. Painter: What's his plan?
Jack Ryan: His plan?
Adm. Painter: Russians don't take a dump, son, without a plan.
Andrei Bonovia: You arrogant ass. You've killed *us*!
Admiral James Greer: Now, understand, Commander, that torpedo did not self-destruct. You heard it hit the hull. And I...
Admiral James Greer: ... was never here.
Jeffrey Pelt: Mr. Ambassador, you have nearly a hundred naval vessels operating in the North Atlantic right now. Your aircraft has dropped enough sonar buoys so that a man could walk from Greenland to Iceland to Scotland without getting his feet wet. Now, shall we dispense with the bull?
Ambassador Lysenko: You make your point as delicately as ever, Mr. Pelt.
Captain Ramius: Once more, we play our dangerous game, a game of chess against our old adversary - The American Navy. For forty years, your fathers before you and your older brothers played this game and played it well. But today the game is different. We have the advantage.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: What's so funny?
Jack Ryan: Ah, the Captain seems to think you're some kind of... cowboy.
Captain Ramius: You speak Russian.
Jack Ryan: A little. It is wise to study the ways of ones adversary. Don't you think?
Captain Ramius: It is.
Admiral Josh Painter: This business will get out of control. It will get out of control and we'll be lucky to live through it.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: The hard part about playing chicken is knowin' when to flinch.
Watson: Seaman Jones here is into music in a big way, and he views this whole boat as his own personal, private stereo set. Well, one day he's got this piece of Pavarotti...
Seaman Jones: It was Paganini.
Watson: Whatever.
Seaman Jones: It was Paganini.
Watson: Look, this is my story, okay?
Seaman Jones: Then tell it right, COB. Pavarotti is a tenor, Paganini was a composer.
Watson: So anyway, he's got this music out in the water, and he's listening to it on his headsets, and he's just happy as a clam. And then all hell breaks loose. See, there's this whole slew of boats out in the water...
Seaman Jones: Including one WAY out at Pearl!
Watson: Including one way the hell out at Pearl. All of a sudden, they start hearing, Pavarotti...
Beaumont: Pavarotti!
Watson: Coming up their asses!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: All back full.
Lt. Cmdr. Thompson: Captain...
Capt. Bart Mancuso: I said, all back full!
Lt. Cmdr. Thompson: Back full, aye.
Seaman Jones: Captain, we're cavitating, he can hear us!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Conn, aye. All right, Ryan, we just unzipped our fly. Mr. Thompson! Open the outer doors, firing point procedures. Now if that bastard so much as twitches, I'm going to blow him straight to Mars.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Have I got this straight, Jonesy? A $40 million computer tells you you're chasing an earthquake, but you don't believe, and you come up with this on your own?
Seaman Jones: Yes, sir.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Including all the navigation maps?
Seaman Jones: Sir, I-I've got all the...
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Relax, Jonesy. You sold me.
Captain Ramius: It reminds me of the heady days of Sputnik and Yuri Gagarin when the world trembled at the sound of our rockets. Now they will tremble again - at the sound of our silence. The order is: engage the silent drive.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Torpedo impact, 20 seconds.
Captain Ramius: What books?
Jack Ryan: Pardon me?
Captain Ramius: What books did you write?
Jack Ryan: I wrote a biography of, of Admiral Halsey, called "The Fighting Sailor", about, uh, naval combat tactics...
Captain Ramius: I know this book!
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Torpedo impact...
Captain Ramius: Your conclusions were all wrong, Ryan...
Capt. Vasili Borodin: ...10 seconds.
Captain Ramius: ...Halsey acted stupidly.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: 9, 8, 7, 6...
Capt. Vasili Borodin: 5, 4, 3, 2...
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Torpedo impact... now.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: I'll be damned.
Jack Ryan: What happened?
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Combat tactics, Mr. Ryan. By turning into the torpedo, the Captain closed the distance before it could arm itself.
Captain Ramius: We will pass through the American patrols, past their sonar nets, and lay off their largest city, and listen to their rock and roll... while we conduct missile drills.
Captain Ramius: I miss the peace of fishing like when I was a boy. Forty years I've been at sea. A war at sea. A war with no battles, no monuments... only casualties. I widowed her the day I married her. My wife died while I was at sea, you know.
Skip Tyler: When I was twelve, I helped my daddy build a bomb shelter in our basement because some fool parked a dozen warheads 90 miles off the coast of Florida. Well, this thing could park a coupla hundred warheads off Washington and New York and no one would know anything about it till it was all over.
Jack Ryan: Jack Ryan: "The average Ruskie, son, don't take a dump without a plan." Wait a minute. We don't have to figure out how to get the crew off the sub. He's already done that, he would have had to. All we gotta do is figure out what he's gonna do. So how's he gonna get the crew off the sub.
Jack Ryan: They have to want to get off. How do you get a crew to want to get off a submarine? How do you get a crew to want to get off a nuclear sub...
Captain Ramius: You're afraid of our fleet. Well, you should be. Personally, I'd give us one chance in three. More tea anyone?
Jeffrey Pelt: You slammed the door on the General pretty hard, didn't you?
Jack Ryan: That was not my intention.
Jeffrey Pelt: Oh, yes, it was! He was patronizing you, and you stomped on him! And in my opinion, he deserved it!
Captain Ramius: Where I am going, you cannot follow.
Watson: Y'know, I seen me a mermaid once. I even seen me a shark eat an octopus. But I ain't never seen no phantom Russian submarine.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Central Intelligence Agency... Now, there's a contradiction in terms.
Poltical Officer Ivan Putin: And the seventh angel poured his bowl into the air, and a voice cried out from heaven, saying: "It is done." A man with your responsibilities reading about the end of the world. And what's this? "I am become Death, the Destroyer of Worlds."
Captain Ramius: It is an ancient Hindu text, quoted by an American.
Poltical Officer Ivan Putin: An American?
Captain Ramius: Mmm. He invented the atomic bomb, and was later accused of being a communist.
Jack Ryan: Well... Ramius trained most of their Officer Corps, which would put him in a position to select men willing to help him. And he's not Russian. He's Lithuanian by birth, raised by his paternal grandfather, a fisherman. He has no children, no ties to leave behind. And today is the first anniversary of his wife's death.
General: Oh, come on. You're just an analyst, what can you possibly know what goes on in his mind?
Jack Ryan: I know Ramius, General. He's nearly a legend in the submarine community.
Jack Ryan: Has he made any Crazy Ivans?
Capt. Bart Mancuso: What difference does that make?
Jack Ryan: Because his next one is going to be to starboard.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Why? Because his last was to port?
Jack Ryan: No. Because he always goes to starboard in the bottom half of the hour.
Ambassador Andrei Lysenko: There is another matter... one I'm reluctant to...
Dr. Jeffrey Pelt: Please.
Ambassador Andrei Lysenko: One of our submarines, an Alfa, was last reported in the area of the Grand Banks. We have not heard from her for some time.
Dr. Jeffrey Pelt: Andrei, you've lost another submarine?
Lieutenant Melekhin, Engineer - Red October: He's turning green.
Dr. Petrov: Sir! The reason for having two keys is so that no one man may...
Captain Ramius: May what, Doctor?
Dr. Petrov: Arm the missiles Captain.
Captain Ramius: Mmm, thank you for your concern Doctor
Captain Ramius: You will go with the men in the life rafts. The officers and I will submerge beneath you, and scuttle the ship.
Dr. Petrov: You will receive the Order of Lenin for this Captain!
Helicopter Pilot: Fuel status says we turn back now.
Jack Ryan: Wait a minute. Fuel status? You have a reserve, don't you?
Helicopter Pilot: Yes, sir. I've got a ten minute reserve... but I'm not allowed to invade that except in time of war.
Jack Ryan: Listen, mister, if you don't get me on board that goddamn submarine, that just might be what you'll have! You got me? Now you have ten more minutes' worth of fuel, we stay here ten more minutes!
Captain Davenport: What's he going to do, sail into New York, pop the hatch, and say "Here I am"?
Jack Ryan: It might be just that simple, yes.
Jack Ryan: Next time, Jack, write a goddamn memo.
Jack Ryan: Where are we going, anyway?
Admiral James Greer: Briefing for Jeffrey Pelt, the President's National Security Advisor. Most of the Joint Chiefs will be there, along with a few other people.
Jack Ryan: Who's giving the briefing?
Admiral James Greer: You are.
Kamarov: Stop pissing, Yuri. Give me a stopwatch and a map, and I'll fly the Alps in a plane with no windows.
Yuri (Diving Officer): If the map is accurate enough.
Jeffrey Pelt: It would be well for your government to consider that having your ships and ours, your aircraft and ours, in such proximity... is inherently DANGEROUS. Wars have begun that way, Mr. Ambassador.
Seaman Jones: Conn, sonar! Crazy Ivan!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: All stop! Quick quiet!
Beaumont: What's goin' on?
Seaman Jones: Russian captains sometime turn suddenly to see if anyone's behind them. We call it "Crazy Ivan." The only thing you can do is go dead. Shut everything down and make like a hole in the water.
Beaumont: So what's the catch?
Seaman Jones: The catch is, a boat this big doesn't exactly stop on a dime... and if we're too close, we'll drift right into the back of him.
Captain Davenport: They're pinging away with their active sonar like they're looking for something, but nobody's listening.
Jack Ryan: What do you mean?
Captain Davenport: Well, they're moving at almost forty knots. At that speed, they could run right over my daughter's stereo and not hear it.
Navigator C-2A: What's the matter Commander? You don't like flying, huh? Aw, this is nothing! You should've been with us five, six months ago! Whoa! You talk about puke! We ran into a hailstorm over the Sea of Japan. Everybody's retching their guts out! The pilot shot his lunch all over the windshield, and I barfed on the radio! Shorted it out completely! And it wasn't that lightweight stuff either, it was that chunky industrial weight puke!
Navigator C-2A: Hey, you want a bite?
Jack Ryan: Jack, next time you get a bright idea just put it in a memo!
Captain Ramius: Ryan, sit here.
Jack Ryan: I'm not a Naval officer! I'm with the CIA!
Captain Ramius: CIA?
Jack Ryan: I'm not an agent, I just write books for the CIA!
Captain Ramius: Whatever. Sit here and do exactly what I tell you.
Captain Ramius: Let them sing.
Jack Ryan: What happened?
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Combat tactics, Mr. Ryan. By turning into the torpedo, the captain closed the distance before it could arm itself.
Jack Ryan: So that's it?
Captain Ramius: Not quite. Right now, Captain Tupolev is removing the safety features on all his weapons. He won't make the same mistake twice.
Jack Ryan: I've got a line on those doors. You know what they are?
Admiral James Greer: A nearly silent propulsion system?
Jack Ryan: How did you know that?
Admiral James Greer: The captain of the sub we had following her radioed in. Thing up and disappeared right in front of 'em.
Poltical Officer Ivan Putin: He was your student. It is rumoured that he has a special place in his heart for you.
Captain Ramius: There is little room in Tupolev's heart for anyone but Tupolev.
Jack Ryan: You son of a bitch!
Jeffrey Pelt: You want to add something to our discussion, Doctor Ryan?
Captain Ramius: Hey, Ryan, be careful what you shoot at. Most things in here don't react too well to bullets.
Jack Ryan: Right.
Jack Ryan: *I* have to be careful what *I* shoot at?
Captain Ramius: A great day comrades, we sail into history!
Captain Tupolev: We're going to kill a friend, Yvgeni. We're going to kill Ramius.
Seaman Jones: Hear it now?
Beaumont: No.
Seaman Jones: Beaumont, at Caltech we used to do this in our sleep! You hear it now?
Beaumont: Wait a minute...
Seaman Jones: Uh oh...
Beaumont: Disparaged surface clutter...
Seaman Jones: Yeeeesssss?
Beaumont: I should go to SAPS?
Seaman Jones: Correct! Seaman Beaumont, Signal Algorithmic Processing System. Give it a week and you'll be teaching at Caltech. So, like Beethoven on the computer, you have laboured to produce... a biologic.
Beaumont: A what?
Seaman Jones: A whale, Seaman Beaumont, a whale. A marine mammal that knows a hell of a lot more about sonar, then you do. Train her around to 269 and lets try it again?
Flight Attendant: You know, if you do try and get some sleep, the flight will go a lot faster.
Jack Ryan: I can never sleep on a plane. Turbulence.
Flight Attendant: Pardon?
Jack Ryan: Turbulence. Solar radiation heats the Earth's crust, warm air rises, cold air descends - turbulence. I, I don't like that.
Flight Attendant: Oh. Well, try to get some sleep anyway.
Jeffrey Pelt: Okay, when do you leave?
Jack Ryan: Wait a minute! The General was right. I am not field personnel, I am only an analyst.
Jeffrey Pelt: You're perfect.
Jeffrey Pelt: I can't ask any of these characters to go. One, they don't believe in it. Two, they'd never stake their reputation on a hunch. Whereas you...
Jack Ryan: ...are expendable.
Jeffrey Pelt: Something like that.
Lieutenant Commander Mike Hewitt: Red October has just turned into the torpedo's path.
Admiral James Greer: Mother of God!
Captain Ramius: Steer right until this reads three one five.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: No, that's wrong! Don't turn that goddamn wheel!
Captain Ramius: Three one five.
Beaumont: Won't he hear us?
Seaman Jones: Not if we stay in his baffles, Seaman Beaumont. Not if we stay in his baffles. Come up right behind his propellor and he'll be deaf as a post!
Jack Ryan: Could you launch an ICBM horizontally?
Skip Tyler: Sure. Why would you want to?
Captain Ramius: When he reached the New World, Cortez burned his ships. As a result his men were well motivated.
Admiral James Greer: I told you to speak your mind Jack, but Jesus
Admiral James Greer: ...!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: How did you know that his next turn would be to starboard?
Jack Ryan: I didn't. I had a 50/50 chance. I needed a break. Sorry.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: That's all right, Mr Ryan. My Morse is so rusty, I could be sending him dimensions on Playmate of the Month.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: You, you speak English?
Red October Officer: Yes, sir.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Get your butt over here!
Ambassador Lysenko: It seems that the initial reports that one of our submarines was missing were not completely accurate. The submarine in question... is commanded by Captain Marko Ramius. Apparently he's suffered a kind of mental or nervous break down. Just before he sailed, he posted a letter to Admiral Yuri Padorin, in which he announced his intention to, to fire his missiles on the United States.
Russian midshipman: Captain's scared them out of the water!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: You're turning into the torpedo's path.
Captain Ramius: Yes.
Skip Tyler: I'll be... This might be a caterpillar.
Jack Ryan: A what?
Skip Tyler: A caterpillar drive. Magneto hydrodynamic propulsion. You follow?
Jack Ryan: No.
Skip Tyler: It's like... a jet engine for the water. Goes in the front, gets squirted out the back. Only it has no moving parts so it's very, very quiet.
Jack Ryan: Like how quiet.
Skip Tyler: Doubt our sonar would even pick it up. If it did, it would sound like... whales humping or some kind of seismic anomaly. Anything but a submarine. We messed with this a few years ago. Couldn't make it work. This... this isn't a mockup.
Jack Ryan: She was put to sea this morning.
Skip Tyler: When I was twelve, I helped my daddy build a bomb shelter in our basement because some fool parked a dozen warheads 90 miles off the coast of Florida. Well, this thing could park a couple of hundred warheads off Washington and New York and no one would know anything about it till it was all over.
Bill Steiner: Hey I think someone just shot a torpedo at us!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: No shit, Buckwheat, now get the hell out of here!
Captain Ramius: Battle stations!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Hang on, Jonesy. If I can get you close enough... can you track this sucker?
Seaman Jones: Yes, sir. Now that I know what to listen for, I'll bag 'im.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Carry on.
Jack Ryan: A goddamn cook!
Jack Ryan: Ostav' eto v pokoye! (Leave it alone!)
Lieutenant Commander Thompson - USS Dallas: Come on, Big D. Fly!
Capt. Bart Mancuso: My orders are specific, Mr. Ryan.
Dr. Petrov: Well if you like borsch perhaps, but I've eaten better in an oily GALLEY. My wife said to the waiter, "where did this man learn to cook? AFGHANISTAN? So then we went on to the Bolshoi ballet, to see this new girl Gizelle. Well, you remember how BEAUTIFUL she was! Well, she just married a factory manager and...
Jack Ryan: Is there a way you could get me on board the Dallas?
Admiral Josh Painter: What the hell for?
Jack Ryan: I think that Captain Mancuso has found the Red October.
Admiral James Greer: Jesus! You look like hell!
Jack Ryan: I'm not an agent, I just write books for the CIA.
Jack Ryan: Well, Sir, I was just thinking that perhaps there's another possibility we might consider. Ramius might be trying to defect.
Jeffrey Pelt: I'll give you three days to prove your theory correct. After that... we'll have to hunt down Ramius and destroy him. Will you do it?
Jeffrey Pelt: Now you want us to help you hunt him down and kill him?
Jack Ryan: Give the man a chance.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Mr. Ryan...
Jack Ryan: He's defecting.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: And he can't change his mind?
Jack Ryan: He's not going to change his mind.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: Are you willing to bet your life on that?
Seaman Jones: COB, we don't have time for sea stories. I was just teaching Seaman Beaumont, here, the intracacies of modern sonar, now...
Watson: Yea, and I ain't Chief Of the Boat, I'm actually Sheena, queen of the jungle!
Captain Ramius: There's one thing you haven't yet asked me: why?
Jack Ryan: Well, I thought you would tell me when you felt ready.
Captain Ramius: Well, there are those who believe that we should attack the United States first. Settle everything in one moment. Red October was built for that purpose.
Admiral James Greer: You're going to be asked some very direct questions. Give them *direct* answers. Tell them what you think.
Capt. Bart Mancuso: You may need this, sir.
Captain Ramius: A little revolution now and then is a healthy thing, don't you think?
Captain Tupolev: Mother of *God*...!
Captain Tupolev: Secure the masts! All ahead two thirds, set depth to 900 meters!
Captain Tupolev: Come left to heading two-zero-five!
Seaman - Konovalov: Heading two-zero-five, aye.
Captain Tupolev: These orders are seven bloody hours old! Sitting on the bottom like an idle schoolboy...
Andrei Bonovia - Konovalov: Captain...?
Captain Tupolev: All ahead flank!
Seaman - Konovalov: All ahead flank.
Captain Tupolev: Inquire with engineer about going to 105 percent on the reactor.
Captain Tupolev: Seven hours... the entire fleet is after him.
Seaman - Konovalov: Now leveling at 900 meters.
Captain Tupolev: Very well.
Andrei Bonovia - Konovalov: Captain, engineer reports 105 percent on the reactor possible, but not recommended.
Captain Tupolev: Go to 105 percent on the reactor.
Andrei Bonovia - Konovalov: Captain! What is it? Where are we going?
Captain Tupolev: We're going to kill a friend, Andrei. We're going to kill Ramius.
Jeffrey Pelt: Listen, I'm a politician, which means I'm a cheat and a liar, and when I'm not kissing babies, I'm stealing their lollipops, but it also means that I keep my options open.
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Red October. Red October. Halt and stay where you are. Do not attempt to submerge or you will be fired upon...
Capt. Vasili Borodin: Captain! I think he means to board us!     