
Kiki: Without even thinking about it, I used to be able to fly. Now I'm trying to look inside myself and find out how I did it.
Kiki: That painter who found the stuffed cat told me she wants to do a drawing with me in it.
Jiji: Naked?
Kiki: Jiji!
Ursula: We each need to find our own inspiration, Kiki. Sometimes it's not easy.
Kiki: We fly with our spirit.
Jiji: If you wake up tomorrow and find a white cat, it's me.
Jiji: You'd think they'd never seen a girl and a cat on a broom before.
Kiki: If I lose my magic, that means I've lost absolutely everything.
Jiji: At this rate, I'll be a white cat by the morning.
Kiki: Jiji, I've decided not to leave this town. Maybe I can stay and find some other nice people who will like me and accept me for who I am.
Kiki: They're looking at us.
Kiki: I know. Smile so we can make a good impression.
Jiji: You gotta be kidding!
Kiki: You can just pretend to be the doll until I find the real one.
Jiji: Why don't YOU pretend to be stuffed and I'LL go get the stupid doll?
Kiki: Don't worry. Hold still.
Jiji: Can I breathe?
Kiki: No. No breathing.
Jiji: Jiji: Well, well, well... hello kitty.
Jiji: Huh? Pardon me, Miss Snooty Cat!
Jiji: Smooth. Very smooth. You definitely know how to make a good first impression.
Jiji: I'm going to put my paws together and pray that you're not serious!
Jiji: That was your fault. The geese were kind enough to warn us of that wind, but would you listen?
Kiki: Oh be quiet!
Kiki: They're calling you an egg-stealer and you don't wanna know what else! If I were you I wouldn't go back down there, again.
Jiji: We have to! Hold on!
Kiki: We better rest here until it's dry.
Jiji: Won't we get in trouble?
Kiki: Not if nobody's finds us. I'm soaked through, down to the bone.
Jiji: Hello?
Kiki: This smells great.
Jiji: Kiki, look! It's me!
Kiki: But I'm not going just for a good time. In order to be a good witch I have to train a year away from home!
Tombo: Miss, wait up, I sure fooled that cop, huh? That was me yelling "thief", worked out pretty good, huh? You gotta be a real witch, the way you fly that broom! You think maybe you can teach me how to fly it?
Jiji: Kiki, BUS!     