
Wind In His Hair: Dances with Wolves! I am Wind In His Hair. Do you see that I am your friend? Can you see that you will always be my friend?
Kicking Bird: How many?
John Dunbar: Like the stars.
Ten Bears: Dances with Wolves has been quiet these past few days. Is his heart bad?
John Dunbar: Killing those soldiers at the river was a good thing. I never got to thank all of you for saving me. I did not mind killing those men. I was glad to do it. But now I know that the soldiers hate me like they hate no other. Because I killed soldiers, men of my own race, they think I am a traitor.
John Dunbar: And now they will hunt for me. And when they find me they will find you. I think it would be wise to move the village to another location right now. As for me... I will be leaving. I will be leaving with my wife Stands With a Fist as soon as possible. I must go and try to talk to those that will listen.
Ten Bears: Quiet! You are all hurting my ears! Leave us!
Ten Bears: You are the only white man I have ever known. I have thought about you a lot. More than you think. And I understand your concern. But I think you are wrong. The white man the soldiers are looking for no longer exists. Now there is only a Sioux named Dances with Wolves.
John Dunbar: My name is Dances with Wolves. I have nothing to say to you. You are not worth talking to.
John Dunbar: Many times I'd felt alone, but until this afternoon I'd never felt completely lonely.
Ten Bears: Let us smoke a while.
John Dunbar: With Ten Bears, it was always more than a while. There was purpose in everything he did, and I knew he wanted me to stay. But I was sure of myself. I would be an excuse, and that's all the Army would need to find this place. I pushed him as far as I could to move the camp. But in the end, he only smiled and talked of simple pleasures. He reminded me that at his age, a good fire was better than anything. Ten Bears was an extraordinary man.
John Dunbar: If it wasn't for my companion, I believe I'd be having the time of my life.
Stands With a Fist: He thanks Dances with Wolves for coming.
John Dunbar: Who is Dances with Wolves?
Stands With a Fist: It is the name all the people are calling you now.
Major Fambrough: Sir knight? I've just pissed in my pants... and nobody can do anything about it.
Stands With a Fist: My place is with you. I go where you go.
John Dunbar: Nothing I have been told about these people is correct. They are not thieves or beggars. They are not the bogeymen they are made out to be. On the contrary, they are polite guests and I enjoy their humor.
Major Fambrough: Lieutenant John J. Dunbar?
Major Fambrough: Lieutenant John J. Dunbar?
John Dunbar: Yes, sir.
Major Fambrough: Yes, sir. Indian fighter, huh?
John Dunbar: Excuse me?
Major Fambrough: Well it says here that you're to be posted on the frontier. The frontier's Indian country. I quickly deduced that you're an Indian fighter. I did not ascend to this position by being stupid.
John Dunbar: No, sir.
Major Fambrough: No, sir. It says here that you've been decorated.
John Dunbar: Yes, sir.
Major Fambrough: And they sent you here to be posted?
John Dunbar: Actually sir, I'm here at my own request.
Major Fambrough: Really? Why?
John Dunbar: I've always wanted to see the frontier.
Major Fambrough: You want to see the frontier?
John Dunbar: Yes, sir. Before it's gone.
Major Fambrough: Such a smart lad, coming straight to me.
Major Fambrough: Sir Knight... I'm sending you on a knight's errand. You will report to Captain Cargill at the furthermost outpost of the realm... Fort Sedgewick. My personal seal will assure your safety through many miles of wild and hostile country.
John Dunbar: I was wondering...
Major Fambrough: Yes?
John Dunbar: I was wondering, sir... how will I be getting there?
Major Fambrough: You think I don't know?
John Dunbar: No, sir.
Major Fambrough: You think I don't know.
John Dunbar: No sir, it's just that I don't...
Major Fambrough: Hold your tongue! I just happen to be in a generous mood and I will grant you a boon. See that peasant out there?
Major Fambrough: He calls himself Timmons. He's going to your Fort Sedgewick this very afternoon... you can ride with him if you like. He knows the way. Thank you. That is all.
Major Fambrough: Sir Knight?
Major Fambrough: I've just pissed in my pants, and nobody can do anything about it.
Timmons: Somebody back east is sayin' "Why don't he write?"
John Dunbar: How did you get your name?
Stands With a Fist: When I came to live on the prarie, I worked every day... very hard... there was a woman who didn't like me. She called me bad names... sometimes she beat me. One day she was calling me these bad names, her face in my face, and I hit her. I was not very big, but she fell down. She fell hard and didn't move. I stood over her with my fist and asked if any other woman wanted to call me bad names... No one bothered me after that day.
John Dunbar: I wouldn't think so. Show me... where you hit her.
John Dunbar: We are trying for a baby.
Kicking Bird: No waiting?
John Dunbar: No waiting.
Kicking Bird: I was just thinking that of all the trails in this life, there are some that matter most. It is the trail of a true human being. I think you are on this trail, and it is good to see.
Stands With a Fist: He also asks if you would watch over his family while he is gone.
Stands With a Fist: This thing he asks of you is a great honor.
John Dunbar: Tell him I would be happy to watch over his family.
John Dunbar: Who would do such a thing? The field was proof enough that it was a people without value and without soul, with no regard for Sioux rights. The wagon tracks leading away left little doubt and my heart sank as I knew it could only be white hunters. Voices that had been joyous all morning were now as silent as the dead buffalo left to rot in this valley, killed only for their tongues and the price of their hides.
John Dunbar: The strangeness of this life cannot be measured: in trying to produce my own death, I was elevated to the status of a living hero.
John Dunbar: Dunbar, not Dumb Bear.
Lt. Elgin: Spivy! You bash that prisoner one more time, I'll put those shackles on YOU!
John Dunbar: I am Lieutenant John J. Dunbar and this is my post.
John Dunbar: They were a people so eager to laugh, so devoted to family, so dedicated to each other. The only word that comes to mind is harmony.
John Dunbar: That's my hat... that's my hat!
Big Warrior: I found it on the prarie. It's mine.
Wind In His Hair: The hat belongs to Lieutenant.
Big Warrior: He left it on the prarie. He didn't want it.
Wind In His Hair: Well, you can see he wants it now. We all know it's a soldier hat. We all know who wears it. If you want to keep it, that's fine. But give something for it.
Wind In His Hair: Good... trade!
John Dunbar: It seems every day ends with a miracle here. And whatever God may be, I thank God for this day.
Kicking Bird: How does it smoke?
John Dunbar: I don't know; I haven't smoked it yet.
Timmons: Why don't you put that in your book?
John Dunbar: I had never really known who John Dunbar was. Perhaps because the name itself had no meaning. But as I heard my Sioux name being called over and over, I knew for the first time who I really was.
Major Fambrough: The king is dead...
Major Fambrough: Long live the king...
Ten Bears: The white men who wore this came around the time of my grandfather's grandfather. Eventually we drove them out. Then the Mexicans came. But they do not come here any more. In my own time, the Texans. They have been like all the others. They take without asking. But I think you are right. I think they will keep coming. When I think of that, I look at this helmet. I don't know if we are ready for these people. Our country is all that we have, and we will fight to keep it.
Wind In His Hair: His mind is gone!
John Dunbar: It was hard to know how to feel. I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before.
John Dunbar: How come we haven't seen any buffalo?
Timmons: Can't figure the stinking buffalo. Sometimes you don't see them for days, and sometimes they're out there as thick as curls on a whore.
John Dunbar: What about Indians?
Timmons: Indians? Goddamn Indians you'd just as soon not see, unless the bastards are dead. They're nothing but thieves and beggars.
Kicking Bird: He may be a special man or even a god. I ask that Chief Ten Bears give us permission to talk with him.
Wind In His Hair: I do not care for this talk about a white man at the soldier fort. Whoever he is he is not a Sioux and that makes him less. We took more then a hundred horses from these people and there was no honor in it. They don't ride well. They don't shoot well. They're dirty. Those so-called "soldiers" could not make it through one winter in our country. And all these people are said to flourish? I think they will all be dead soon... maybe in ten years.
Wind In His Hair: I think this fool is probally lost.
Kicking Bird: Wind In His Hair has spoken and his words are strong. It is true that the whites are a poor race and it is hard to understand them. But make no mistake, the whites are coming. Even our enemies agree on this. But when I see one white man alone and without fear in our country, I do not think he is lost. I think he may have medicine. I think this is a man who will speak for all white people. I think this is a man from which treaties may be struck.
Wind In His Hair: Kicking Bird is always looking ahead and while that is good, he doesn't know this lone white man. This white man cannot hunt, cover our lodges, or feed our children. He is nothing to us! I will take some warriors with me and we will shoot some arrows into the white man. If he truly has medicine, he will not be hurt. If he has no medicine, he will be dead.
Stone Calf: No man on the council can tell another man what to do. But killing a white man is a delicate business. If you kill one, more are sure to come.
Ten Bears: It's easy to become confused by these questions. Before we take action we need to talk about this some more at another time. That is all I have to say. This council is dismissed.
Toughest Pawnee: Only a white man would make a fire for everyone to see.
Pawnee #1: Maybe there's more than one.
Pawnee #2: There may be three or four.
Toughest Pawnee: I know three or four who will not be making the trip home.
John Dunbar: Guns would make one warrior like two.
John Dunbar: Don't take off my foot.
General Tide: You rest easy, son. You'll keep your foot. As God is my judge, you'll keep it.
General Tide: Bring up my ambulance.
General's Aide: Sir?
General Tide: Bring up my ambulance! And my surgeon with it!
General Tide: We got an officer who's worth something lying here.
Title Card: Thirteen years later - their homes destroyed, their buffalo gone - the last band of free Sioux submitted to white authority at Fort Robinson, Nebraska. The great horse culture of the plains was gone, and the American frontier was soon to pass into history.
Sergeant Pepper: Some of the boys are saying that if we ain't gonna fight we could just settle the whole business with a little high stakes poker. Wouldn't that be a sight... a bunch of fellas sitting in the middle of this field drawing cards...
Smiles A Lot: Smiles A Lot: What happened?
Otter: I don't know. My arm won't work.
Worm: What happened?
Smiles A Lot: Otter hurt himself.
Otter: Why do you look like that? I'm the one who's hurt!
Worm: I will be when my father finds out. His bow will be across MY back!
Smiles A Lot: You shouldn't have fallen off. Now we'll be in trouble.
Otter: I didn't mean to fall off. This was YOUR idea!
Smiles A Lot: My idea was only to take the horse, not fall down.
Timmons: Something poked me in the butt, was that you?
Sgt. Bauer: Turned injun, didn't yeh?
Pawnee #1: We have nothing to show for this trail.
Pawnee #2: We have no rifles. White men are sure to have rifles!
Pawnee #3: If they don't have rifles, it's hard to say how many might be down there. We should forget this and go home.
Toughest Pawnee: Then go. I would rather die than argue to any white man about a single line of smoke in my own country!
Pawnee #1: He will not quit until we are all dead.
Timmons: There ain't nothing here, lieutenant.     