
Tawny: I'm afraid.
Seth Brundle: Don't be afraid.
Ronnie: No. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Seth Brundle: You have to leave now, and never come back here. Have you ever heard of insect politics? Neither have I. Insects... don't have politics. They're very... brutal. No compassion, no compromise. We can't trust the insect. I'd like to become the first... insect politician. Y'see, I'd like to, but... I'm afraid, uh...
Ronnie: I don't know what you're trying to say.
Seth Brundle: I'm saying... I'm saying I - I'm an insect who dreamt he was a man and loved it. But now the dream is over... and the insect is awake.
Ronnie: No. no, Seth...
Seth Brundle: I'm saying... I'll hurt you if you stay.
Ronnie: Don't you get it? I am finally onto something that's big. Huge.
Stathis Borans: What? His cock?
Ronnie: Crude Stathis. Even for you.
Seth Brundle: There was an old lady who swallowed a fly, perhaps she'll die.
Seth Brundle: What's there to take? The disease has just revealed its purpose. We don't have to worry about contagion anymore... I know what the disease wants.
Ronnie: What does the disease want?
Seth Brundle: It wants to... turn me into something else. That's not too terrible is it? Most people would give anything to be turned into something else.
Ronnie: Turned into what?
Seth Brundle: Whaddaya think? A fly. Am I becoming a hundred-and-eighty-five-pound fly? No, I'm becoming something that never existed before. I'm becoming... Brundlefly. Don't you think that's worth a Nobel Prize or two?
Seth Brundle: My teeth have begun to fall out. The medicine cabinet is now the Brundle Museum of Natural History. You wanna see what else is in it?
Seth Brundle: Help me. Help me be human.
Tawny: Are you a body builder, or something?
Seth Brundle: Yeah, I build bodies. I take them apart, and put them back together again.
Seth Brundle: I was not pure. The teleporter insists on inner pure. I was not pure.
Ronnie: I don't know what you mean.
Seth Brundle: A fly... got into the... transmitter pod with me that first time, when I was alone. The computer... got confused - there weren't supposed to be two separate genetic patterns - and it decided to... uhh... splice us together. It mated us, me and the fly. We hadn't even been properly introduced.
Veronica Quaife: I'm pregnant.
Stathis Borans: Oh, no.
Stathis Borans: Oh, no.
Veronica Quaife: I'm pregnant with Seth's baby.
Stathis Borans: If you plan to make anything disappear, please let me know - I've got an assistant editor who has outlived his usefulness.
Ronnie: If you *SAW* him, Stathis, if you saw how scared and angry and desperate he is...
Stathis Borans: I'm sure Typhoid Mary was a very nice person too when you saw her socially.
Seth Brundle: How does Brundlefly eat? Well, he found out the hard and painful way that he eats very much the way a fly eats. His teeth are now useless, because although he can chew up solid food, he can't digest them. Solid food hurts. So like a fly, Brundlefly breaks down solids with a corrosive enzyme, playfully called "vomit drop". He regurgitates on his food, it liquifies, and then he sucks it back up. Ready for a demonstration, kids? Here goes...
Stathis Borans: Oh my God.
Stathis Borans: My God!
Seth Brundle: I've come here to say one magic word to you.
Ronnie: Yeah?
Seth Brundle: Cheeseburger.
Seth Brundle: You're afraid to dive into the plasma pool, aren't you? You're afraid to be destroyed and recreated, aren't you? I'll bet you think that you woke me up about the flesh, don't you? But you only know society's straight line about the flesh. You can't penetrate beyond society's sick, gray, fear of the flesh. Drink deep, or taste not, the plasma spring! Y'see what I'm saying? And I'm not just talking about sex and penetration. I'm talking about penetration beyond the veil of the flesh! A deep penetrating dive into the plasma pool!
Veronica Quaife: You're changing Seth. Everything about you is changing. You look bad. You smell bad.
Seth Brundle: I've never been much of a bather.
Veronica Quaife: Those... weird hairs that were growing out of your back. I took them to a lab. I had them analyzed.
Seth Brundle: The hairs? The hairs? Oh... Yeah, that's a strange thing to do.
Veronica Quaife: Not as strange as the results. The guy at the lab had trouble identifying them. He finally came to the conclusion, that they were definitely not human.
Seth Brundle: Oh... Very good.
Veronica Quaife: Not human, Seth. In fact... very insect-like hairs.
Veronica Quaife: Great. The world's largest microwave oven. I'm glad I didn't give you my Rolex, if I had a Rolex.
Seth Brundle: We'll be the ultimate family. A family of three joined together in one body. More human than I am alone.
Seth Brundle: What am I working on? Uhh... I'm working on something that will change the world, and human life as we know it.
Dr. Cheevers: Listen, I don't mean to interfere, but I detect a certain uncertainty here. You know, there are tests we can do to determine whether or not...
Veronica Quaife: I don't want tests. Tests can't guarantee anything. The baby could start off normal and then become...
Veronica Quaife: I want an abortion. I'll do it myself if I have to.
Ronnie: We've gotta do this, Seth. Talk to the tape. Get in the habbit. The world will want to know what you're thinking.
Seth Brundle: "Fuck!" is what I'm thinking.
Ronnie: Good... The world will want to know that... What else? Why didn't it work?
Seth Brundle: I think it turned the baboon inside-out.
Ronnie: Why?
Seth Brundle: It can't cope with the flesh. It only seems to work on inanimate objects; nothing that's living.
Ronnie: Why?
Seth Brundle: Computers are dumb. They only know what you tell them... I must not know enough about the flesh myself. I'm gonna have to learn.
Seth Brundle: I don't wanna talk now.
Tawny: There's no elevator, I can't make it.
Seth Brundle: No, there's an elevator.
Seth Brundle: There, don't you feel elevated?
Seth Brundle: I will say now, however objectively, that human teleportation, molecular decimation, breakdown, reformation, is inherently purging.
Seth Brundle: Now, you tell me. Am I different somehow? Is it live or is it Memorex?
Tawny: Wow! Are you some sort of magician?
2nd Man In Bar: Better watch out, he eats chocolate bars.
Marky: Yeah, so I noticed.
Seth Brundle: It's not ready yet.
Veronica Quaife: It seems to work okay...
Seth Brundle: No, something important's missing.
Veronica Quaife: Yeah?
Seth Brundle: Yeah.
Veronica Quaife: Which is?
Seth Brundle: I can only teleport inanimate objects.
Veronica Quaife: Well, what happens when you try to teleport living things?
Seth Brundle: Not while we're eating.
Veronica Quaife: It can't be worse than this.
Seth Brundle: I think you're making a mistake. I think you really want to talk to me.
Ronnie: Sorry, I have three other interviews to do before this party's over.
Seth Brundle: Yeah, but they're not working on something that'll change the world as we know it.
Ronnie: They say they are.
Seth Brundle: Yeah, but they're lying. I'm not.
Seth Brundle: Brundle, Seth. Give me a disc. Uh, I need first the teleportation S. Brundle.
Computer: Seth Brundle: If primary element is Brundle, what is secondary element?
Computer: Secondary element is not-Brundle.
Seth Brundle: Run sequence.
Computer: Seth Brundle: If secondary element is fly, what happened to fly?
Computer: Fusion.
Seth Brundle: Assimilation? Did Brundle absorb fly?
Computer: Negative. Fusion of Brundle and fly at molecular-genetic level.
Veronica Quaife: Do you normally take coffee with your sugar?
Seth Brundle: Oh, no. What's happening to me? Am I dying?
Seth Brundle: Help me. Please... help me.
Stathis Borans: It could be contagious. It could turn into an epidemic.
Ronnie: You're a petty schmuck!
Ronnie: Do you ever change your clothes?
Seth Brundle: What?
Seth Brundle: Your clothes. You're always wearing the same clothes.
Seth Brundle: No, these are clean. I change my clothes every day.
Ronnie: Five sets of exactly the same clothes?
Seth Brundle: Learned it from Einstein. This way I don't have to expand my thought on what I have to wear next, I just grab the next set on the rack.
Veronica Quaife: Oh are you serious? A monkey just came apart in there.
Seth Brundle: Baboon. Eat.
Seth Brundle: I farm bits and pieces out to the guys who are much more brilliant than I am. I say, "build me a laser", this. "Design me a molecular analyzer", that. They do, and I just stick 'em together. But, none of them know what the project really is. So...
Veronica Quaife: Wow! And, uh, the money? Bartok Science Industries Financed this?
Seth Brundle: Hmm-mmm... But they leave me alone, 'cause I'm not expensive. And they know they'll end up owning it, whatever it is.
Veronica Quaife: Something went wrong, Seth. When you went through, something went wrong.
Seth Brundle: You were right. I am diseased, and uh... it might be contagious somehow. I wouldn't want to infect you.
Stathis Borans: Don't go back to it.
Veronica Quaife: No, I can't. No, I can't.
Seth Brundle: Okay. Eat this, and I need an objective opinion.
Seth Brundle: Yeah?
Ronnie: Well, it could use some finesse, but um... it tastes like a steak.
Seth Brundle: Mmm-hmm.
Seth Brundle: Now, I want you to try this... teleported half.
Ronnie: Oh, are you serious? A monkey just came apart in there.
Seth Brundle: Baboon... Eat.
Ronnie: Oh... Oh, oh, tastes funny.
Seth Brundle: Funny? How?
Ronnie: It tastes um... synthetic.
Seth Brundle: Mmm-hmm.
Ronnie: So, what have we proved?
Seth Brundle: The computer is giving us its interpretation... of a steak. It's, uh translating it for us; it's rethinking it, rather than *reproducing* it, and something is getting lost in the translation.
Ronnie: Me... I'm lost.
Seth Brundle: The flesh. It should make the computer, uh crazy. Like those old ladies pinching babies. But it doesn't; not yet because I haven't taught the computer to be made crazy by the...
Seth Brundle: flesh. The poetry of the steak. So, I'm gonna start teaching it now.
Ronnie: Are you sick?
Seth Brundle: Huh? Oh... sure.
Ronnie: You're not a very accomplished drunk.
Seth Brundle: No, no I'm always like this it's um... motion sickness. When I was a kid, I uh... puked on my tricycle.
Seth Brundle: I hate vehicles.
Brian: OK, what's the story?
Stathis Borans: She's pregnant and she wants an abortion.
Brian: In the middle of the night?
Stathis Borans: We have good reason to believe this child will be deformed.
Brian: Yeah, but in the middle of the night...
Stathis Borans: Look, Brian, please.
Brian: Is it your child?
Stathis Borans: No. It's the... child of a man who is deformed.
Brian: Look, I don't mean to interfere, but I detect a certain uncertainty here. You know, there are tests we can do that can determine whether or not...
Ronnie: I don't want tests. Tests can't guarantee anything. The baby could start off normal and then become...
Ronnie: I want an abortion. I'll do it myself if I have to.
Seth Brundle: Uh... Brundle, Seth.     