
Charlie: Who took this picture?
Raymond: D-A-D.
Charlie: And you lived with us?
Raymond: Yeah, 10962 Beachcrest Street, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Charlie: When did you leave?
Raymond: January 12, 1965. Very snowy that day. 7.2 inches of snow that day.
Charlie: Just after Mom died.
Raymond: Yeah Mom died January 5, 1965.
Charlie: You remember that day. Was I there? Where was I?
Raymond: You were in the window. You waved to me, "Bye bye Rain Man", "Bye bye."
Dr. Bruner: Well, Raymond? Aren't you more comfortable in your favorite K-Mart clothes?
Charlie: Tell him, Ray.
Raymond: K-Mart sucks.
Dr. Bruner: Oh, I see.
Charlie: Hey, Ray: you just made a joke.
Raymond: Yeah, a joke. Ha ha ha... ha.
Charlie: What you have to understand is, four days ago he was only my brother in name. And this morning we had pancakes.
Doctor: Ray, can we try something?
Raymond: Yeah.
Doctor: Do you know how much 312 x 123 is?
Raymond: 3-8-3-7-6.
Doctor: He's right.
Charlie: What?
Doctor: He's right!
Charlie: He's right?
Doctor: Yeah.
Doctor: Ray... How much is 4343 x 1234?
Raymond: 5-3-5-9-2-6-2
Charlie: He's a genius...
Doctor: Right.
Charlie: He's a genius!
Doctor: Ray! Do you know how much a square root of 2130 is?
Raymond: 4-6 point 1-5-1-9-2-3-0-4.
Raymond: 2-3-0-4.
Charlie: That's amazing! He is amazing! He should work for NASA or something like that.
Doctor: If you had a dollar... and you spent 50 cents, how much money would you have left?
Raymond: About 70...
Doctor: 70 cents?
Raymond: 70 cents.
Susanna: You use me, you use Raymond, you use everybody.
Charlie: Using Raymond? Hey Raymond, am I using you? Am I using you Raymond?
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: Shut up! He is answering a question from a half hour ago!
Raymond: I'm an excellent driver.
Charlie: Listen... Ray, I don't know if I'm gonna have a chance to talk to you again. Because you see, these... Dr. Bruner really likes you a lot, and he's probably gonna take you back. You know?
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: What I said about being on the road with you I meant. Connecting. I like having you for my brother.
Raymond: I'm an excellent driver.
Charlie: Yes, you are. I like having you for my big brother.
Raymond: C-H-A-R-L-I-E. C-H-A-R-L-I-E. Main man.
Charlie: Hey Raymond, remember today when the doctor was asking you those questions? How'd you know the answers?
Raymond: I see it.
Charlie: What? Stop that for a second.
Raymond: I see it.
Charlie: Raymond!
Charlie: When I say stop it, why don't you stop it? Why do you always have to act like an idiot?
Charlie: You think that's funny?
Raymond: Yeah funny Rain Man, funny teeth.
Charlie: What'd you say? Funny teeth? What?
Raymond: I didn't say funny teeth, funny Rain Man.
Charlie: You? You're the Rain Man?
Raymond: 82, 82, 82.
Charlie: 82 what?
Raymond: Toothpicks.
Charlie: There's a lot more than 82 toothpicks, Ray.
Raymond: 246 total.
Charlie: How many?
Sally Dibbs: 250.
Charlie: Pretty close.
Sally Dibbs: There's four left in the box.
Charlie: I'm gonna let ya' in on a little secret, Ray. K-Mart sucks.
Raymond: Uh oh fart. Uh oh fart.
Charlie: Did you fart, Ray? Did you fucking fart?
Raymond: Fart.
Charlie: How can you stand that?
Raymond: I don't mind it.
Charlie: How can you stand it?
Raymond: Ten minutes to Wapner. We're definitely locked in this box with no TV.
Charlie: When I was a little kid and I got scared, the Rain Man would come and sing to me.
Susanna: Rain what?
Charlie: Oh you know, one of those imaginary childhood friends.
Susanna: What happened to him?
Charlie: Nothing, I just grew up.
Susanna: Not so much.
Charlie: Hey, who is this guy?
Susanna: He just jumped in the car.
Charlie: Yeah well he can jump out. Come on!
Raymond: I'm an excellent driver.
Charlie: That's good. Come on! Susanna, why'd you let him get in this car? It's not a toy.
Susanna: He says he drives this car.
Raymond: Dad lets me drive slow on the driveway every Saturday. 'Course the seats were originally brown leather now they're a pitiful red.
Charlie: Hey, these seats were brown leather. You know this car?
Raymond: I know this car.
Charlie: How do you know this car?
Raymond: It's a 1949 Buick Roadmaster. Straight 8. Fireball 8. Only 8,985 production models. Dad lets me drive slow on the driveway. But not on Monday, definitely not on Monday.
Charlie: Who's your dad?
Raymond: Sanford Babbitt. 10961 Beachcrest Street, Cincinnati Ohio.
Charlie: That's my address. Hey, who's your mother?
Raymond: Eleanor Babbitt. Died January 5, 1965 after short and sudden illness.
Charlie: Who the hell are you?
Raymond: Uh oh, fifteen minutes to Judge Wapner.
Charlie: Wait, I wanna ask you a question! Hey! Dr. Bruner, who is he?
Dr. Bruner: Raymond is your brother.
Charlie: I just realized I'm not pissed off anymore. My father cut me out of his will. You probably knew he tried to contact me over the years. I never called him back. I was a prick. If he was my son and didn't return my calls, I'd have written him out. But it's not about the money anymore. You know, I just don't understand. Why didn't he tell me I had a brother? Why didn't anyone ever tell me that I had a brother? Because it'd have been nice to know him for more than just the past six days.
Doctor: Raymond, do you know what autistic is?
Raymond: Yeah.
Doctor: You know that word?
Raymond: Yeah.
Doctor: Are you autistic?
Raymond: I don't think so. No. Definitely not.
Dr. Bruner: Raymond's unable to make decisions.
Charlie: You're wrong.
Dr. Bruner: He can't decide for himself.
Charlie: He's capable of a lot more than you know!
Raymond: Uh oh. Underwear on the highway. Uh oh.
Raymond: Of course I don't have my underwear. I'm definitely not wearing my underwear.
Charlie: I gave you a fresh pair of mine to wear. Where are they?
Raymond: They're in the pocket of my jacket. Here.
Charlie: I don't want them back.
Raymond: These are not boxer shorts. Mine are boxer shorts. These are Hanes 32.
Charlie: Underwear is underwear, Ray.
Raymond: My boxer shorts have my name and it says Raymond.
Charlie: All right, when we pass the store, we'll pick you up a pair of boxer shorts.
Raymond: I get my boxer shorts at K-Mart in Cincinnati.
Charlie: We're not going back to Cincinnati, Ray, so don't even start with that.
Raymond: 'Course, three minutes to Wapner.
Charlie: You'll make it.
Raymond: Yeah.
Raymond: That's my pen. That's definitely my book.
Charlie: Well taking your book is not a serious injury!
Raymond: Serious injury book is a red book, that book is blue.
Charlie: Well forgive me, I've lost my secret decoder ring!
Dr. Bruner: Raymond, wouldn't you feel more relaxed in your favorite K-Mart clothes?
Charlie: Tell him, Ray.
Raymond: K-Mart sucks.
Dr. Bruner: Oh, I see.
Doctor: Ray, do you want to stay and live with Charlie?
Raymond: Yeah.
Doctor: Or do you want to go back to Walbrook?
Raymond: Yeah.
Doctor: Which is it? Go back to Walbrook or stay with Charlie Babbitt?
Raymond: Go back to Walbrook, stay with Charlie Babbitt.
Raymond: Of course you can't have pancakes without maple syrup.
Charlie: You bet your butt.
Raymond: Bet your butt.
Charlie: Rain Man.
Raymond: Yeah?
Charlie: Let's play some cards!
Raymond: Yeah.
John Mooney: Are you disappointed?
Charlie: Disappointed? Why should I be disappointed? I got rose bushes didn't I? I got a used car, didn't I? This other guy, what'd you call him?
John Mooney: The beneficiary.
Charlie: Yeah him, he got $3,000,000 but he didn't get the rose bushes. I got the rose bushes. I definitely got the rose bushes. Those are rose bushes!
John Mooney: Mr. Babbitt, there's no reason to...
Charlie: To what? To get upset? If there is a hell, sir, my father is in it and he is looking up right now and he is laughing his ass off. Sanford Babbitt, you wanna be that guy's son for five minutes? I mean did you hear that letter? Were you listening?
John Mooney: Yes I was. Were you?
Charlie: Um, no, can you repeat it because I can't believe my fucking ears.
Charlie: Listen, Ray, our dad died, that means he's not with us anymore. Did they tell you about that?
Raymond: I don't know.
Charlie: You don't know if they told you or you don't know what death is?
Raymond: I don't know.
Charlie: Ray, all airlines have crashed at one time or another, that doesn't mean that they are not safe.
Raymond: QANTAS. QANTAS never crashed.
Charlie: QANTAS?
Raymond: Never crashed.
Charlie: Oh that's gonna do me a lot of good because QANTAS doesn't fly to Los Angeles out of Cincinnati, you have to get to Melbourne! Melbourne, Australia in order to get the plane that flies to Los Angeles!
Charlie: Hey, Ray, you take a shower right?
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: Well the rain is a lot like the shower, you get a little wet. What do you say, Ray? What do you say?
Raymond: Of course the shower is in the bathroom.
Charlie: That's the end of that conversation.
Charlie: He's not crazy, he's not retarded but he's here.
Dr. Bruner: He's an autistic savant. People like him used to be called idiot savants. There's certain deficiencies, certain abilities that impairs him.
Charlie: So he's retarded.
Dr. Bruner: Autistic. There's certain routines, rituals that he follows.
Charlie: Rituals, I like that.
Dr. Bruner: The way he eats, sleeps, walks, talks, uses the bathroom. It's all he has to protect himself. Any break from this routine leaves him terrified.
Charlie: I'm sorry ma'am, I lied to you. I'm very sorry about that. That man right there is my brother and if he doesn't get to watch 'People's Court' in about 30 seconds, he's gonna throw a fit right here on your porch. Now you can help me or you can stand there and watch it happen.
Raymond: Gotta get my boxer shorts at K-Mart.
Charlie: WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE WHERE YOU BUY UNDERWEAR? WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE? UNDERWEAR IS UNDERWEAR! IT IS UNDERWEAR WHEREVER YOU BUY IT! IN CINCINNATI OR WHEREVER!
Raymond: K-Mart!
Charlie: You know what I think, Ray? I think this autism is a bunch of shit! Because you can't tell me that you're not in there somewhere!
Raymond: Boxer shorts. K-Mart!
Raymond: Maple syrup is supposed to be on the table before the pancakes.
Charlie: We haven't ordered yet, Ray.
Raymond: Of course when they bring the maple syrup after the pancakes, it'll definitely be too late.
Charlie: How is that gonna be too late? We haven't ordered the pancakes yet.
Raymond: We're gonna be here the entire morning with no maple syrup and no - no toothpicks, I'm definitely, definitely not gonna have my pancakes w-with...
Raymond: OW!
Charlie: Don't make a scene!
Raymond: OW!
Charlie: Stop acting like a fucking retard.
Raymond: UH-OH!
Charlie: What are you writing?... What the fuck is this? "Serious Injury List"? *Serious* injury list? Are you fucking kidding me?
Raymond: Number eighteen in 1988, Charlie Babbitt squeezed and pulled and hurt my neck in 1988.
Charlie: Squeezed and pulled and hurt your neck in 1988?
Charlie: I'll tell you a story about my father, that car in the garage, was off limits to me. He said it was a classic, it demands respect. One day, I'm a sophomore in high school, I bring home a report card, it's almost all A's so I go to the old man, ask him if I can take the car out as sort of a victory drive. He says no. So I stole the keys and snuck it out.
Susanna: You took the car with no permission? Why?
Charlie: Because I deserved it! Nothing I did was ever good enough for this guy. Don't you understand, We're on Columbia Parkway, four kids, and we get pulled over.
Susanna: Accident? What is pulled over?
Charlie: You know, siren, police. Can I finish? Okay so we're taken to jail. The other kids' fathers bail them out, mine left me there for two days.
Susanna: He left you in prison for two days? Were you scared?
Charlie: Yeah.
Charlie: Yeah, room service, Suite 21. I'd like to order a large pizza.
Charlie: Pepperoni, right?
Susanna: No, I don't want pepperoni.
Charlie: That's right. A large pepperoni. How long's that going to take? Bring some beer up for two, and orange soda. Tapioca pudding, you got tapioca pudding? Well just bring the closest thing. All right, great.
Charlie: Now casinos have house rules: they don't like to lose. So you never show that you're counting cards. That is *the* cardinal sin, Ray.
Raymond: Counting cards is bad.
Charlie: Yes.
Raymond: I like to drive slow on the driveway.
Charlie: If you get this right, Ray, you can drive anywhere you want as slow as you want.
Raymond: 'Course it's 10 minutes to Wapner.
Charlie: You'll make it.
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: I'm gonna go take a celebration piss.
Raymond: Maple syrup is supposed to be on the table before the pancakes.
Charlie: Ray.
Raymond: Yeah?
Charlie: Ta da.
Raymond: Ha ha. Charlie Babbitt made a joke.
Doctor: Ray, do you know how much a candy bar costs?
Raymond: 'Bout a hundred dollars.
Doctor: Do you know how much one of those new compact cars costs?
Raymond: 'Bout a hundred dollars.
Charlie: Okay, Ray, we've got blueberry, buckwheat, all flavors, what kind do you want?
Raymond: Pancakes.
Charlie: I know, but what kind?
Raymond: Pancakes.
Charlie: Does Raymond know how much money he's inherited?
Dr. Bruner: No, he doesn't understand the concept of money.
Charlie: He doesn't understand the concept of money? He just inherited $3,000,000 and he doesn't understand the concept of money? Wow, good work, Dad. I'm getting fucking poetic here.
Charlie: It's okay, Ray. It's over. No more questions. You don't have to answer anymore questions.
Charlie: Raymond, what were you doing in my room?
Charlie: I heard noises.
Raymond: You heard noises? Well, those noises are none of your business.
Raymond: 97X, bam! The future of rock 'n' roll. 97X, bam! The future of rock 'n' roll. 97X, bam! The future of rock 'n' roll.
Charlie: Ray, enough already! Change the channel.
Raymond: 97X, bam! The future of rock 'n' roll. 97X, bam! The future of rock 'n' roll.
Raymond: Very shiny train.
Charlie: Yeah, sure is.
Charlie: What was it we cleared, eight-six thousand and change?
Raymond: Eighty-six thousand, five hundred...
Charlie: So, eighty thousand to pay the cars off. What did I say I had to pay to get the Rolex out of hock?
Raymond: Thirty-five hundred dollars.
Charlie: Thirty-five hundred. Don't have to pay for the rooms, they're comped. I'm free and clear, I'm going to go take a celebration piss. Don't go anywhere. While I'm gone, the sign says, "Don't walk."
Raymond: Don't walk.
Charlie: Don't walk.
Sally Dibbs: Good Morning! Coffee?
Raymond: Sally Dibbs, Dibbs Sally. 461-0192.
Sally Dibbs: How did you know my phone number?
Charlie: How did you know that?
Raymond: You said read the telephone book last night. Dibbs Sally. 461-0192.
Charlie: He, uh, remembers things. Little things sometimes.
Sally Dibbs: Very clever boys. I'll be right back.
Raymond: C-H-A-R-L-I-E, my main man.
Charlie: I'm going to see you in 2 weeks now how many days is that before we'll be together?
Raymond: 14 days from today, today's Wednesday.
Charlie: Hours?
Raymond: 336 hours.
Charlie: Mystifying
Raymond: Course that's 20,160 minutes. 1,290,600, six hundred seconds.
Charlie: This is a good one. We don't go out when it rains, this is a real good one. I hope you appreciate this because my business is going down the fucking toilet. I should be in L.A., instead I'm in the Honeymoon Haven motel in Bumblefuck, Missouri because you won't go out when it rains. Mystifying. Fucking mystifying.
Charlie: Ray, you're never gonna solve it. It's not a riddle because Who *is* on first base. That's a joke, Ray, it's comedy, but when you do it you're not funny. You're like the comedy of Abbott and Abbott.
Raymond: 'Course I got Jeopardy! at five o'clock. I watch Jeopardy!
Charlie: Don't start with that, Ray.
Charlie: That's amazing. He should work for NASA or something like that.
Doctor: Ray, if you had a dollar and you spent fifty cents, how much would you have left over?
Raymond: About seventy.
Doctor: Seventy cents?
Raymond: Seventy cents.
Charlie: So much for the NASA idea.
Raymond: K-Mart, we should go to K-Mart. 400 Oak Street.
Charlie: What did I tell you? After this!
Charlie: What's it going to be Ray? What's it going to be?
Raymond: This is a very dangerous highway.
Charlie: How am I going to get to LA?
Raymond: Course driving your car on this interstate is very dangerous.
Charlie: You want to get off the highway will that make you happy?
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: Yeah, well you gotta GET IN THE CAR SO THAT WE CAN GET OFF THE HIGHWAY!
Raymond: Course in 1986 46,400 male drivers were definitely involved in fatal accidents.
Charlie: Ray, it would be nice if you didn't carry that television everywhere we go.
John Mooney: ... and I remember, too, the day you left home, so full of bitterness and grandiose ideas, so full of yourself; and being raised without a mother, the hardness of your heart is understandable as well. Your refusal to even pretend that you loved or respected me, all of these I can forgive. But your failure to write, to telephone, to re-enter my life in any way, has left me without a son. I wish you all I ever wanted for you, I wish you the best.
Dr. Bruner: Tomorrow morning, you'll meet Dr. Marston, who's in charge of Raymond's psychiatric evaluation.
Charlie: Yeah, I know.
Dr. Bruner: I gave him boxes of files on Raymond, boxes.
Charlie: Well, good luck.
Dr. Bruner: Look, this isn't a close call, son, it's a formality. Your brother's a very disabled individual.
Charlie: You trying to tell me that Marston's gonna rule against me? Is that why you called me up here?
Dr. Bruner: No, I'm telling you it's always been a lost cause, Charlie.
Charlie: Then what is this about? Why did you call me?
Dr. Bruner: Let me tell you something: your father put me in charge of all the money, all right?
Charlie: Yeah.
Dr. Bruner: And it doesn't matter whether or not you win custody of Raymond.
Charlie: Mm-hm.
Dr. Bruner: I won't have to pay you a dime. It's at my discretion, not the court's.
Charlie: What, so you can't lose?
Dr. Bruner: I can lose; I can lose Raymond. I happen to care about your brother's life and the treatment he receives. I made a commitment to your father some 20 years ago, and I'm not willing to gamble with that.
Charlie: What is this?
Dr. Bruner: It's a very big check.
Charlie: $250,000.
Dr. Bruner: And no strings attached. You just walk away., Charlie. You know, this isn't about you and me, it's not about winning or losing.
Charlie: When I asked you a week ago, 'Why didn't anyone tell me I had a brother?', you didn't have an answer, I don't know. It's funny, I just realized I'm not pissed off anymore that my father cut me out of his will. You were his friend, you probably knew that he tried to contact me a few times over the years. I never called him back, I was a prick; and if he was my son, didn't return my calls, I'd have written him out, fuck him. But it's not about the money any more. It's about... you know, I... just don't understand why didn't he tell me I had a brother? Why didn't you tell me I had a brother? Why didn't anyone ever tell me I had a brother? I mean... because it'd have been nice to know him for more than just these past six days.
Charlie: Raymond, what are you looking at? The ducks are over here. What are you looking at?
Raymond: I don't know.
Raymond: Lights out at eleven.
Charlie: Yeah well new rules.
Charlie: We're not in the air, we're not on the highway, I'm on some shit secondary road. I gotta make up some time. I have to get to LA, I should've been there this afternoon, my business needs me. I gotta make up some time.
Raymond: Definitely watch TV but you have to be in bed at eleven. Lights out at eleven.
Charlie: Forget it.
Raymond: Uh oh, nineteen minutes to eleven.
Raymond: I'm an excellent driver.
Charlie: When did you drive?
Raymond: I drove slow on the driveway when my dad came to Walbrook.
Charlie: Was Dad in the car?
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: I'll have to let you drive sometime.
Charlie: Raymond, you NEVER! NEVER touch the steering wheel when I'm driving. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?
Charlie: You've got a date, Ray, you're gonna go dancing.
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: You know how to dance, Ray?
Raymond: No.
Charlie: I'll have to teach you sometime.
Raymond: Definitely have to dance on my date. Have to learn how to dance. Definitely. Now.
Charlie: Ray, you're not gonna have to dance, but I will teach you sometime.
Raymond: Definitely have to dance with Iris.
Charlie: Sorry I even brought this up. You're right, Ray, you got a date with the only famous dancing hooker in Las Vegas.
Raymond: Are you taking any prescription medication?
Vern: He likes you, that's just his way of showing it.
Susanna: When I touched him, he pulled away.
Vern: Don't take it personal. He never touched me and I'm closer to him than anyone in the world, known him for nine years. It's not in him. If I left tomorrow without saying goodbye, he probably wouldn't notice.
Susanna: He wouldn't notice if you left?
Vern: I'm not sure but I don't think people are his first priority.
Charlie: You read The Twelth Night?
Raymond: I don't know. V-E-R-N.
Charlie: You read Macbeth?
Raymond: Yes.
Charlie: So you read all these stories and you don't know if you read the book?
Raymond: We have pepperoni pizza for dinner Monday nights.
Susanna: Pizza? You get pizza in an institution?
Raymond: Monday night is Italian night.
Raymond: Uh oh! Uh oh, V-E-R-N! V-E-R-N! Homes! What's happenin' homes!
Charlie: Dr. Bruner, it's Charlie Babbitt.
Dr. Bruner: Where are you, son?
Charlie: That's not important. What matters is who I'm with.
Dr. Bruner: You have to bring him back, Mr. Babbitt. Do you understand me?
Charlie: Certainly. No problem. That will be $1.5 million please. I'll take it in cash, check, or a transfer.
Dr. Bruner: Why are you doing this?
Charlie: I'm not greedy. I just want my half.
Motorist: Hey you! Hey dipshit! Move it! You ain't gonna move, I'll move you!
Raymond: Have to get to K-Mart. 400 Oak Street. The sign said 'Don't Walk'. Have to get to K-Mart.
Iris: So, what are you doing in Las Vegas?
Raymond: We're counting cards.
Iris: You're counting cards?
Raymond: We're counting cards.
Iris: That's interesting.
Raymond: We're counting cards.
Iris: I know you're counting cards, what else are you doing?
Raymond: Are you taking any prescription medication?
Charlie: $200 is about to go to the shit house and Lenny doesn't wanna answer the phone!
Raymond: Definitely not.
Susanna: But we an watch TV here, we're allowed.
Raymond: Wheel Of Fortune. Look at the studio filled with glamorous merchandise. Fabulous and exciting bonus prizes. Thousands of dollars in cash. Over $150,000 just waiting to be won as we present our big bonanza of cash on Wheel Of Fortune.
Raymond: 12:30 is lunch.
Charlie: What do you want?
Raymond: Wednesday is fish sticks. Green lime jello for dessert.
Charlie: You want another apple juice?
Raymond: No, orange soda. Uh oh, it's 12:31.
Charlie: That's why they sent you away. Because you hurt me.
Lenny: Charlie, where the hell have you been? I've been waiting by this phone for 3 hours man.
Charlie: Take it easy, I was just buying some clothes.
Lenny: Charlie we are in serious trouble. Serious trouble and you're buying clothes.
Charlie: What trouble?
Lenny: The cars. The cars are gone, the buyers want their deposits back, they all do. That's eighty thou, Charlie.
Charlie: $80,000. I don't have it.
Lenny: You gotta pay these people or we're out of business! What am I gonna tell them?
Charlie: I don't know.
Charlie: SON OF A BITCH! SON OF A BITCH!
Raymond: Definitely not.
Susanna: You have his money.
Charlie: HIS money? That man was my father too, what about my fuckin' half? Where's my fuckin' half? I'm entitled to that money, Goddammit!
Charlie: Ray, we're at an airport. People fly out of airports. What'd you think we're doing here this whole time?
Charlie: Ray, did you fucking hear what I said? SHUT UP!
Susanna: How was that?
Raymond: Wet.
Charlie: That's it. You blew it. You don't get to see your program. Finished.
Raymond: One minute to Wapner.
Charlie: Yes, one minute to Wapner. I had you in there, Ray! You were in there! The defendant, the plaintiff, you had it all. They are in there making legal history. *Legal history!*
Charlie: Hey Ray, I got a great idea. Stay in front of the car until we get off the exit, you'll get in and we'll take a not so dangerous road, whatever that might me. Is that an idea?
Raymond: Yeah.
Charlie: Give me five, that's a great idea. Give me five.
Charlie: This guy's a fucking fruit cake.
Charlie: You tire me, Ray.
Raymond: It's definitely very small in here.
Charlie: Small, and safe. Don't wanna miss the party. You know that, there's a party in your honor Ray. When we get to LA, there'll be a little custody hearing. Lawyers are setting it up right now. Know why there's a party for you? Because you're the $3,000,000 man.
Raymond: Have you taken any prescription medication?
Charlie: Now it's five and a half weeks and I'm still sitting on four Lamborghinis that can't meet spot emissions standards. Now, how many times you wash out with EPA?
Lenny: Uh, yes sir, they're finally, uh, clearing EPA; uh, just one or two more days.
Charlie: Three times? You're really on a roll here, my friend; four cars, three times each - that's zip for twelve. What are you, a... mechanic, or a NASA engineer? Now listen, now, I told you I've never dealt with these Lamborghinis before, and yet you assured me that you can deliver these cars within that time frame. Don't, don't tell me that, 'cause I - I'm not even listening.
Raymond: We have to go to K-Mart.
Raymond: uh oh theres a plane out there.     