
Alfredo: Living here day by day, you think it's the center of the world. You believe nothing will ever change. Then you leave: a year, two years. When you come back, everything's changed. The thread's broken. What you came to find isn't there. What was yours is gone. You have to go away for a long time... many years... before you can come back and find your people. The land where you were born. But now, no. It's not possible. Right now you're blinder than I am.
Salvatore: Who said that? Gary Cooper? James Stewart? Henry Fonda? Eh?
Alfredo: No, Toto. Nobody said it. This time it's all me. Life isn't like in the movies. Life... is much harder.
Alfredo: Get out of here! Go back to Rome. You're young and the world is yours. I'm old. I don't want to hear you talk anymore. I want to hear others talking about you. Don't come back. Don't think about us. Don't look back. Don't write. Don't give in to nostalgia. Forget us all. If you do and you come back, don't come see me. I won't let you in my house. Understand?
Salvatore: Thank you. For everything you've done for me.
Alfredo: Whatever you end up doing, love it. The way you loved the projection booth when you were a little squirt.
Alfredo: Once upon a time, a king gave a feast. And there came the most beautiful princesses of the realm. Now, a soldier, who was standing guard, saw the king's daughter go by. She was the most beautiful one, and he immediately fell in love with her. But what could a poor soldier do when it came to the daughter of the king? Well, finally, one day, he managed to meet her, and he told her that he could no longer live without her. The princess was so impressed by his strong feelings that she said to the soldier: "If you can wait 100 days and 100 nights under my balcony, then at the end of it, I shall be yours." Damn! The soldier immediately went there and waited one day. And two days. And ten. And then twenty. And every evening, the princess looked out of her window, but he never moved. During rain, during wind, during snow, he was always there. The bird shat on his head, and the bees stung him, but he didn't budge. After ninety nights, he had become all dried up, all white, and the tears streamed from his eyes. He couldn't hold them back. He no longer had the strength to sleep. All that time, the princess watched him. And on the 99th night, the soldier stood up, took his chair, and went away.
Salvatore: ... In one more night, the princess would have been his. But she also could not possibly have kept her promise. And it would have been terrible. He would have died. This way, however, at least for 99 days, he was living under the illusion that she was there, waiting for him.
Alfredo: Out of the fire of love come ashes. Even the greatest love eventually fizzles out.
Alfredo: Progress always comes late.
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Elena, perhaps in the future we could...
Elena Mendola - Adult, Director's cut only: No, Salvaotre, there is no future. There is only the past. Even last night's encounter was just a dream. A wonderful dream. When we were young, we never did it. Do you remember? Now that it has happened, I can't imagine a better ending.
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: I'll never agree with you. Never.
Alfredo: I choose my friends for their looks, my enemies for their intelligence
Alfredo: And the next time be careful how you talk. Not to take credit away from the Lord, but if I had created the world, in all modesty, certain things would have come out better. But unfortunately such was not the case.
Man In Cinema: I'll make mince meat out of you!
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Salvatore, forgive me. I'll explain later what happened. Not finding you here was terrible. Unfortunately, this evening, my mother and I are leaving for Tuscany. We're moving there. But you' re the only one I love, I'll never be with anybody else, I promise. Here's the address of a girlfriend of mine where you can write to me. Don't abandon me. Love and kisses, Elena.
Maria Di Vita - Older: Maria Di Vita - Older: Yes, Salvatore di Vita. You mean you don't know him, Miss? That's right, and I'm his mother. I've been calling from Sicily, all day long. I understand, he's not there.
Salvatore: When will this rotten summer end? In a film, it'd already be over. Fade-out, cut to a storm. Wouldn't that be great?
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Yes, of course. We'll talk later.
Alfredo: Well, what do you say? Shall we let the poor devils see their film?
Alfredo: Any room for me in this new paradise?
Alfredo: With all due respect to the Lord, who made the world in two or three days - I'd have taken a bit longer; but, in all modesty, I would've done it better.
Alfredo: That's probably how it was meant to be. Each of us has his own destiny.
Alfredo: This is no job for you. You're like a slave - and always by yourself. You see a film 100 times. You've nothing else to do. You talk to Greta Garbo and Tyrone Power like an idiot. You work like a dog. Even holidays - Easter, Christmas. You only get Good Friday off. And if they hadn't stuck Christ on a cross we'd even work then.
Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: So why don't you change jobs?
Alfredo: Because I'm a nitwit. Who else around here could run a projector? Nobody. It takes an imbecile like me. I never had any luck.
Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: Don't you like anything about it?
Alfredo: Oh, you get used to it. Sometimes you can hear that the house if full of people laughing and having fun. Then you're happy too. It makes you feel good to hear them.Like you're the one who made them laugh - who made them forget their troubles. That part I like.
Alfredo: "A mob doesn't think. They don't know what they're doing." Spencer Tracy said that in "Fury."
Alfredo: What's she like?
Salvatore: She's very nice. My age, slim, long brown hair. Big blue eyes, honest and direct. A little beauty mark on her lip. Very small. You only see it up close. When she smiles, you feel like - I don't know.
Alfredo: Love. Love. I know how it is. The blue-eyed ones are the worst. No matter what you do, they'll never be your friends. There's nothing you can do.
Alfredo: The bigger the man, the deeper the footprint. And if he loves, he suffers, knowing it's a dead-end street.
Salvatore: That's nice, what you just said. But sad.
Alfredo: I didn't say it. It was John Wayne in "The Shepard of the Hills."
Salvatore: You old pirate!
Salvatore: They tell me you never go out and you never talk to anybody. Why?
Alfredo: You know how it is. Sooner or later a time comes when it's all the same whether you talk or not. So you might as well shut up.
Salvatore: At a party, a lieutenant pinches this girl's ass. She turns around. It's the colonel's daughter. Terrified, the lieutenant says, "If your heart is as hard as what I just felt, I'm a dead man."
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: After all these years, I thought I was stronger, that I'd forgotten a lot of things. But, in fact, I find I'm right back where I was, as if I'd never been away.
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Mama, I deserted you. Ran out on you like a bandit, without any explanation.
Maria Di Vita - Older: I never asked for any. You don't have to explain anything to me. I always thought you did what was right. Why dwell on it? You were right to leave. You did what you wanted to do. Every time I call you, a different woman answers. But I never heard in any of their voices that they really loved you. I would've known. All the same, I'd have liked to see you settled down in love with someone. But your life is there. Here there are only ghosts.
Village Idiot: It's my square. The square is mine.
Spaccafico: This film is too highbrow for us. One day is more than enough. Load the reels for tomorrow.
Spaccafico: Hey, cheer up! I'll wait for you. Don't worry. The job'll still be here. I'll wait, you hear? Don't look so gloomy. Come on, now!
Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: When did you close it down?
Spaccafico: Six years ago in May. Nobody came anymore. You know better than I, Mr. Di Vita - the economy, TV, videos. The old movie business is just a memory.
Spaccafico: The city bought the site for a parking lot. They're demolishing it Saturday.     