
James T. Kirk: The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Spock: An Arabic proverb attributed to a prince who was betrayed and decapitated by his own subjects.
James T. Kirk: Well, still, it's a hell of a quote.
James T. Kirk: If Spock were here, and I were there, what would he do?
Bones: He'd let you die.
Christopher Pike: That's a technicality.
Spock: I am Vulcan, sir. We embrace technicality.
Christopher Pike: Are you giving me attitude, Spock?
Spock: I am expressing multiple attitudes simultaneously. To which are you referring?
Sulu: Attention: John Harrison. This is Captain Hikaru Sulu of the USS Enterprise. A shuttle of highly trained officers is on its way to your location. If you do not surrender to them immediately, I will unleash the entire payload of advanced long-range torpedoes currently locked on to your location. You have two minutes to confirm your compliance. Refusal to do so will result in your obliteration. And If you test me, you will fail.
Bones: Mr. Sulu, remind me never to piss you off.
Spock: KHAAANNNN!
Bones: Damn it, man, I'm a doctor, not a torpedo technician!
Spock: The fact that your are a doctor is precisely why I need you to listen very carefully.
James T. Kirk: I'm scared, Spock... help me not to be... how do you choose not to feel?
Spock: I do not know. Right now, I am failing.
James T. Kirk: I wanted you to know why I couldn't let you die... why I went back for you...
Spock: Because you are my friend.
James T. Kirk: Wait, are you guys... are you guys fighting?
Nyota Uhura: I'd rather not talk about it, sir...
James T. Kirk: Oh my GOD, what is that even like?
Bones: Don't agree with me, Spock, it makes me very uncomfortable.
Spock: Perhaps, you too should learn to govern your emotions, Doctor.
Spock: I will go with you, Captain.
James T. Kirk: No, I need you on the bridge.
Spock: I can not allow you to do this. It is my function aboard the ship to advise you in making the wisest decisions possible, something I firmly believe you are incapable of doing in this moment.
James T. Kirk: You're right! What I am about to do, it doesn't make sense, it's not logical, it is a gut feeling! I have no idea what I'm supposed to do. I only know what I can do. The Enterprise and her crew needs someone on that chair who knows what he's doing. That's not me. It's you, Spock.
Nyota Uhura: At that volcano, you didn't give a thought to us. What it would do to me if you died, Spock. You didn't feel anything. You didn't care. And I'm not the only one who's upset with you. The Captain is, too.
James T. Kirk: No, no, no. Don't drag me into this. She is right.
Spock: Your suggestion that I do not care about dying is incorrect. A sentient being's optimal chance at maximizing their utility is a long and prosperous life.
Nyota Uhura: Great.
James T. Kirk: Not exactly a love song, Spock.
Spock: You misunderstand. It is true I chose not to feel anything upon realizing my own life was ending. As Admiral Pike was dying, I joined with his consciousness and experienced what he felt at the moment of his passing. Anger. Confusion. Loneliness. Fear. I had experiences those feelings before, multiplied exponentially on the day my planet was destroyed. Such a feeling is something I choose never to experience again. Nyota, you mistake my choice not to feel as a reflection of my not caring. Well, I assure you, the truth is precisely the opposite.
James T. Kirk: I watched you open fire in a room full of unarmed Starfleet officers. You killed them in cold blood.
Khan: Marcus took my crew from me!
James T. Kirk: You are a murderer!
Khan: He used my friends to control me. I tried to smuggle them to safety by concealing them in the very weapons I have designed. But I was discovered. I had no choice but to escape alone. And when I did, I had every reason to suspect that Marcus had killed every single one of the people I hold most dear. So I responded in kind. My crew is my family, Kirk. Is there anything you would not do for your family?
James T. Kirk: When were you going to tell me that?
Spock: When it became relevant, as it just did.
Bones: Five years in space, God help me.
Khan: I'm going to make this very simple for you.
Spock: Captain!
Khan: Your crew for my crew.
Spock: You betrayed us.
Khan: Oh, you are smart, Mr. Spock.
James T. Kirk: Spock, don't...
Khan: Mr. Spock, give me my crew.
Spock: What will you do when you get them?
Khan: Continue the work we were doing before we were banished.
Spock: Which as I understand it involves the mass-genocide of any being you find to be less than superior.
Khan: Shall I destroy you, Mr. Spock? Or will you give me what I want?
Spock: We have no transporter capabilities.
Khan: Fortunately, mine are perfectly functioning. Drop your shields.
Spock: If I do so I have no guarantee that you will not destroy the Enterprise.
Khan: Well, let's play this out logically then, Mr. Spock. Firstly, I will kill your captain to demonstrate my resolve, then if yours holds I will have no choice but to kill you and your entire crew.
Spock: If you destroy our ship, you will also destroy your own people.
Khan: Your crew requires oxygen to survive, mine does not. I will target your life support systems located behind the aft nacelle. And after every single person aboard your ship suffocates, I will walk over your cold corpses to recover my people. Now, shall we begin?
Spock: ...Lower shields.
Khan: A wise choice, Mr. Spock. I see all 72 torpedoes are still in their tubes. If they're not mine, Commander, I will know it.
Spock: Vulcans do not lie. The torpedoes are yours.
Khan: Thank you, Mr. Spock.
Spock: I have fulfilled your terms. Now fulfill mine.
Khan: Well Kirk, it seems apt to return you to your crew. After all, no ship should go down without her captain.
Bones: You were barely dead, it was the transfusion that really took its toll. You were in a coma for two weeks.
James T. Kirk: Transfusion?
Bones: Your cells were heavily irradiated. We had no choice.
James T. Kirk: Khan?
Bones: We synthesized a serum from his... super blood. Tell me, are you feeling homicidal, power-mad, despotic?
James T. Kirk: No more than usual.
James T. Kirk: Spock my display is down, I'm flying blind.
Spock: Captain, without your display compass hitting your target destination is mathematically impossible.
James T. Kirk: Spock, if I get back, we really need to talk about your bedside manner.
Spock: Captain, this ship will not fit.
James T. Kirk: IT WILL FIT, WILL FIT, WILL FIT!
James T. Kirk: See, I told you it would fit!
Spock: I am not sure that qualifies.
James T. Kirk: Why would a Starfleet admiral ask a three-hundred-year-old frozen man for help?
Khan: Because I am better.
James T. Kirk: At what?
Khan: Everything. Alexander Marcus needed to respond to an uncivilized threat in a civilized time, and for that, he needed a warrior's mind - my mind - to design weapons and warships.
Spock: You are suggesting the Admiral violated every regulation he vowed to uphold, simply because he wanted to exploit your intellect...
Khan: He wanted to exploit my savagery! Intellect alone is useless in a fight, Mr. Spock. You, you can't even break a rule - how can you be expected to break bone? Marcus used me to design weapons. I helped him realize his vision of a militarized Starfleet. He sent you to use those weapons, to fire my torpedoes on an unsuspecting planet, and then he purposely crippled your ship in enemy space, leading to one inevitable outcome: the Klingons would come searching for whoever was responsible, and you would have no chance of escape. Marcus would finally have the war he talked about, the war he always wanted.
James T. Kirk: Why is there a man in that torpedo?
Khan: There are men and women in all those torpedoes, Captain. I put them there.
James T. Kirk: Who the hell are you?
Khan: A remnant of a time long past. Genetically engineered to be superior so as to lead others to peace in a world at war. But we were condemned as criminals, forced into exile. For centuries we slept, hoping when we awoke things would be different. But as a result of the destruction of Vulcan your Starfleet begun to aggressively search distant quadrants of space. My ship was found adrift. I alone was revived.
James T. Kirk: I looked up John Harrison. Until a year ago he didn't exist.
Khan: John Harrison was a fiction created the moment I was awoken by your Admiral Marcus to help him advance his cause, a smokescreen to conceal my true identity. My name is... KHAN.
Bones: You don't rob a bank when your getaway car has a flat tire.
James T. Kirk: There will always be those who mean to do us harm. To stop them, we risk awakening the same evil within ourselves. Our first instinct is to seek revenge when those we love are taken from us. But that's not who we are... When Christopher Pike first gave me his ship, he had me recite the Captain's Oath. Words I didn't appreciate at the time. But now I see them as a call for us to remember who we once were and who we must be again. And those words: Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Her five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before.
Scotty: If it isn't Captain James Tiberius Perfect-Hair!
Scotty: Did you hear that? I called him "Perfect-Hair".
James T. Kirk: Where are you?
Scotty: Where are you?
James T. Kirk: Are you drunk?
Scotty: What I do on my private time is my business, Jim.
Spock: The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
James T. Kirk: Spock, we're talking about your life!
Khan: Mr. Spock. The mind of the Enterprise. The fearless genius who ensures a calm force of intelligence guides their every mission. But look deeper and you will see an outsider who does not belong, a man of two worlds. This tears him apart, the constant battle between what he thinks and what he feels. What does he do? Does he follow his head, embracing logic and the path of reason? Or does he follow his heart, knowing the emotions he cannot control may destroy him? I will help him decide...
Bones: Damn it, man! That was our ride! You just stunned our ride!
James T. Kirk: Oh, great.
Scotty: Wait. Jim, if we go in there, we'll die! Do you hear me? The radiation will kill us! Will you listen to me? Look, what the hell are you doing?
James T. Kirk: I'm opening the door. I'm going in.
Scotty: The door's there to stop us from getting irradiated! We'd be dead before making the climb!
James T. Kirk: You're not making the climb.
James T. Kirk: You filed a report? Why didn't you tell me?
Spock: I incorrectly assumed that you would be truthful in your captain's log.
James T. Kirk: Yeah, I would have been if I didn't have to save your life.
Spock: A fact for which I am grateful immeasurably grateful and the very reason to take responsibility for the actions...
James T. Kirk: Take responsibility, yeah. That'd be so noble, pointy, if you were also throwing me under the bus.
Spock: "Pointy"? Is that a derogatory reference to me?
James T. Kirk: How did you find me?
Christopher Pike: I know you better than you think you do. The first time I found you was in a dive like this. Remember that? You got your ass handed to you.
James T. Kirk: No, I didn't.
Christopher Pike: You don't.
James T. Kirk: No, that's not what happened.
Christopher Pike: That was an epic beating.
James T. Kirk: No, it wasn't.
Christopher Pike: You had napkins hanging out of your nose. Did you not?
James T. Kirk: Yeah, that was a good fight.
Bones: Jim, you just sat that man down at a high-stakes poker game with no cards and told him to bluff. Now, Sulu's a good man, but he's no captain.
James T. Kirk: For the next two hours, he is. And enough with the metaphors, all right? That's an order.
Khan: You think you world is safe? It is an illusion. A comforting lie told to protect you. Enjoy these final moments of peace. For I have returned to have my vengeance. So, shall we begin?
James T. Kirk: Dr. Marcus, I'm glad you could be part of the family.
Carol: It's nice to have a family.
James T. Kirk: Where should we go?
Spock: As a mission of this duration has never been attempted, I defer to your good judgment Captain.
James T. Kirk: Mr. Sulu, take us out!
Sulu: Aye, Captain.
Spock Prime: ...he will not hesitate to kill every single one of you.
Spock: Did you defeat him?
Spock Prime: At great cost, yes.
Spock: How?
Spock Prime: We took a hammer...
Christopher Pike: Do you know what a pain you are? You think the rules don't apply to you. There's greatness in you, but there's not an ounce of humility. You think that you can't make mistakes, but there's going to come a moment when you realize you're wrong about that, and you're going to get yourself and everyone under your command killed.
Khan: If you think you are safe at warp, you're wrong.
Khan: My crew is my family, Kirk. Is there anything you would not do for your family?
Khan: You are a pawn, Kirk. You can't even guarantee the safety of your own crew. Now, shall we begin?
Scotty: Do you have any idea how ridiculous it is to hide a starship on the bottom of the ocean?
James T. Kirk: I'm not exactly sure what you're looking for, but I have a feeling you'll know it when you see it. You may have been right about those torpedoes.
Scotty: I will consider that an apology. And I will consider that apology.
James T. Kirk: I am sorry.
Khan: Darkness is coming.
Khan: I can save her.
Thomas Harewood: What did you say?
Khan: Your daughter. I can save her.
Thomas Harewood: Who are you?
Marcus: You better stop and think about what you're doing, Kirk. You better think about what you did on Kronos. You made an incursion onto an enemy planet! You killed a Klingon patrol! Even if you got away without a trace, war is coming! And who's gonna lead us, YOU? If I'm not in charge, our entire way of life is decimated! So you want me off this ship, you better kill me!
Scotty: Welcome aboard.
James T. Kirk: It's good to see you too, Scotty.
Scotty: Are you crazy? Whoever you are.
James T. Kirk: Just listen to him, Scotty. It's gonna be alright.
Bones: Are you out of your cornfed mind?
Bones: Why the hell did he surrender?
James T. Kirk: I don't know. But he just took out a squad of Klingons single-handedly. I want to know how.
Bones: Sounds like we have a superman on board.
James T. Kirk: You tell me.
Bones: Sweetheart, I once performed an emergency C-section on a pregnant Gorn. Octuplets, and let me tell you, those little bastards bite. I think I can work some magic on your missile.
Nyota Uhura: Spock, stop! He's the only way we can save Kirk!
Khan: Your commanders have committed a crime I cannot forgive. None of you are safe. Have I got your attention now?
James T. Kirk: Let's go get this son of a bitch!
Spock: We must maintain the Prime Directive...
James T. Kirk: Nobody knows the rules better than you, Spock, but sometimes exceptions have to be made!
Nyota Uhura: I am here to help you. With respect, there is a criminal hiding in these ruins. He has killed many of our people.
Klingon: Why should I care about a human killing humans?
Nyota Uhura: Because you care about honor. And this man has none. You and your people are in danger.
James T. Kirk: Don't set your phasers on stun; theirs certainly won't be.
Spock: Scan the enemy ship for any signs of life.
Sulu: Sir... there's no way anyone could've survived that.
Spock: HE COULD!
Sulu: Whoa... he just jumped thirty meters.
Scotty: The ship's dead, sir! She's gone!
James T. Kirk: No, she's not...
Nyota Uhura: We're outnumbered, outgunned...
James T. Kirk: So we come out shooting!
James T. Kirk: Tell me everything you know about that ship.
Khan: Dreadnought class. Two times the size, three times the speed. Advanced weaponry. Modified for a minimal crew. Unlike most Federation vessels, it's built solely for combat.
James T. Kirk: I will do everything I can to make you answer for what you did. But right now I need your help.
Spock: Captain, I cannot allow you to do this!
Bones: Jim, you're not actually going after this guy, are you?
James T. Kirk: I have no idea what I'm supposed to do! I only know what I *can* do!
Nyota Uhura: I am ready.
Christopher Pike: Tell me more about this volcano. The data says it was highly volatile and if it were to erupt, it would wipe out the planet.
James T. Kirk: Let's hope it doesn't, sir.
Christopher Pike: Something tells me it won't.
James T. Kirk: Bones, thanks for helping out. Dr. Marcus asked for the steadiest hands on the ship.
Bones: You know, when I dreamed about being stuck on a deserted planet with a gorgeous woman, there was no torpedo!
James T. Kirk: Dr. McCoy, may I remind you that you're not there to flirt.
Bones: So how can these legendary hands help you, Dr. Marcus?
James T. Kirk: Bones...
Scotty: No! I'm not signing anything! Now get these bloody things off my ship!
Scotty: Captain!
James T. Kirk: Is there a problem, Mr. Scott?
Scotty: Aye, sir! I was just explaining to this gentlemen that I cannae authorize any weapons on board this ship without knowing what's inside them!
Spock: Mr. Scott raises yet another point that le...
James T. Kirk: Report to the bridge.
Spock: Captain.
James T. Kirk: Mr. Scott, I understand your concerns but we need these torpedoes on board!
Scotty: Due respect, sir, but photo torpedoes run on fuel, now I cannae detect the type of fuel that's in the compartments on these torpedoes because it's shielded. Now I asked for the specifications but he says...
Torpedo Security: It's classified.
Scotty: It's classified. So I said; no specs, no signature!
Sulu: Captain, flight checks complete, we're good to go, sir.
James T. Kirk: Thank you, Mr. Sulu.
Sulu: Yes, sir.
Scotty: Now if you'll excuse me, sir, I have a warp core to prime.
Scotty: Get down!
Bones: Jim, your vitals are way off...
James T. Kirk: Report to the medbay.
James T. Kirk: Scotty! I need you to approve those weapons.
Khan: Set destination: Starfleet Headquarters!
Scotty: Do you know what this is, Captain?
James T. Kirk: I don't have time for a lecture, Scotty!
Scotty: Do you know what this is?
James T. Kirk: It's a warp core.
Scotty: It's a radioactive catastrophe waiting to happen. A subtle shift in magnetic output from, say, firing one or more of six dozen torpedoes with an unknown payload could set of a chain reaction which would kill every living thing on this ship, letting these torpedoes on the Enterprise is the last straw!
James T. Kirk: What was the first straw?
Scotty: What was the...
Scotty: -there are plenty of straws, how about Starfleet confiscating my transwarp equation, and now some madman is using it to hop across the galaxy! Where'd you think he got it from!
James T. Kirk: We have our orders, Scotty.
Scotty: That's what scares me... this is clearly a military operation. Is that what we are now? Cause I thought we were explorers. I thought we...
James T. Kirk: Sign for the torpedoes. That's an order.
Scotty: Right. Well you leave me no choice but to resign my duties.
James T. Kirk: Oh come on, Scotty.
Scotty: You're giving me no choice, sir!
James T. Kirk: You're not giving me much of a choice!
Scotty: I will not stand by and...
James T. Kirk: You're just making exceptions, sign for the...
Scotty: Do you accept my resignation or not?
James T. Kirk: I DO!... I do. You are relieved Mr. Scott.
Scotty: Jim... for the love of God, do not use those torpedoes.
Marcus: Starfleet isn't about vendetta... KIRK!
James T. Kirk: Well... maybe it SHOULD... Sir!
James T. Kirk: Mr. Checkov, did you break my ship?
Scotty: Whoa, whoa, hold on now, Captain! This door is very wee, I mean, you know, small. It's four square meters, tops. It's gonna be like jumping out of a moving car, off a bridge, into your shot glass!
James T. Kirk: It's okay, I've done it before.
James T. Kirk: Yeah, it was vertical. We jumped onto a... it was a... It doesn't matter, Scotty.
Spock: Mr. Spock.
Spock Prime: Mr. Spock.
Spock: I will be brief. In your travels, did you ever encounter a man named Khan?
Spock Prime: As you know, I have made a vow never to give you information that could potentially alter your destiny. Your path is yours to walk, and yours alone. That being said, Khan Noonien Singh is the most dangerous adversary the Enterprise ever faced. He is brilliant, ruthless and he will not hesitate to kill every single one of you.
Spock: Did you defeat him?
Spock Prime: At great cost, yes.
Khan: You should have let me sleep!
James T. Kirk: Let me explain what's happening here: you are a criminal! I watched you murder innocent men and women! I was authorized to *end* you! And the only reason why you are still alive is because I am allowing it. So *shut your mouth*!
Khan: Captain, are you going to punch me again, over and over, until your arm weakens... clearly you want to. So tell me, why did you allow me to live?
James T. Kirk: We all make mistakes.
Khan: I surrendered to you because, despite your attempt to convince me otherwise, you seem to have a conscience, Mr. Kirk. If you did not, then it would be impossible for me to convince you of the truth. 23174611. Coordinates not far from Earth. If you want to know why I did what I did, go and take a look.
James T. Kirk: Give me one reason why I should listen to you.
Khan: I can give you 72. And they're on board your ship, Captain. They have been, all along.
Carol: I am ashamed to be your daughter!     