
Rorschach: I heard joke once: Man goes to doctor. Says he's depressed. Life seems harsh, and cruel. Says he feels all alone in threatening world. Doctor says: "Treatment is simple. The great clown - Pagliacci - is in town. Go see him. That should pick you up." Man bursts into tears. "But doctor..." he says "I am Pagliacci." Good joke. Everybody laugh. Roll on snare drum. Curtains.
Rorschach: None of you seem to understand. I'm not locked in here with you. You're locked in here with *ME*!
Rorschach: Rorschach's Journal. October 12th, 1985: Dog carcass in alley this morning, tire tread on burst stomach. This city is afraid of me. I have seen its true face. The streets are extended gutters and the gutters are full of blood and when the drains finally scab over, all the vermin will drown. The accumulated filth of all their sex and murder will foam up about their waists and all the whores and politicians will look up and shout "Save us!"... and I'll whisper "no."
Rorschach: Never compromise. Not even in the face of Armageddon. That's always been the difference between us, Daniel.
Adrian Veidt: I'm not a comic book villain. Do you seriously think I would explain my master stroke to you if there were even the slightest possibility you could affect the outcome? I triggered it 35 minutes ago.
Rorschach: Rorschach's Journal: October 12th, 1985. Tonight, a comedian died in New York.
Edward Blake: Once you realize what a joke everything is, being the Comedian is the only thing that makes sense.
Rorschach: Men get arrested. Dogs get put down.
Rorschach: You see, Doctor, God didn't kill that little girl. Fate didn't butcher her and destiny didn't feed her to those dogs. If God saw what any of us did that night he didn't seem to mind. From then on I knew... God doesn't make the world this way. We do.
Dr. Manhattan: She was pregnant. And you gunned her down.
Edward Blake: That's right. And you know what, you watched me. You could've turned the gun into steam, the bullets into mercury, the bottle into goddamned snowflakes but you didn't, did you? You really don't give a damn about human beings. You're driftin' out of touch, Doc. God help us all.
Laurie Juspeczyk: The most powerful thing in the universe... still just a puppet.
Jon Osterman: We are all puppets, Laurie. I'm just the puppet who can see the strings.
Dan Dreiberg: What happened to us? What happened to the American Dream?
Edward Blake: "What happened to the American Dream?" It came true! You're lookin' at it...
Adrian Veidt: Do you see? It's your super powers retreating from war. I've saved the Earth from hell. We both have. This is as much your victory as it is mine. Now we can return. Do what we were meant to.
Rorschach: We were meant to exact justice! Everyone's gonna know what you've done...
Adrian Veidt: Will they? By exposing me, you would sacrifice the peace so many died for today.
Dan Dreiberg: Peace based on a lie.
Adrian Veidt: But peace! Nonetheless.
Jon Osterman: ...He's right. Exposing Adrian would only doom the world to Nuclear destruction again.
Laurie Juspeczyk: No... we can't do this.
Jon Osterman: On Mars, you taught me the value of life. If we hope to preserve it here, we must remain silent.
Rorschach: Keep your own secrets...
Dan Dreiberg: Don't even think about it.
Dan Dreiberg: Rorscach! Wait.
Rorschach: Never compromise. Not even in the face of Armageddon. That's always been the difference between us, Daniel.
Adrian Veidt: I've made myself feel every death... see every innocent face I've murdered to save humanity.
Adrian Veidt: You understand, don't you?
Jon Osterman: Without condoning... or condemning. I understand.
Rorschach: Out of my way. People have to be told.
Jon Osterman: You know I can't let you do that.
Rorschach: Suddenly you discover humanity. Convenient.
Rorschach: If you'd cared from the start, none of this would've happened.
Jon Osterman: I can change almost anything... but I can't change human nature.
Rorschach: Of course, you must protect Veidt's new Utopia. One more body amongst foundations makes little difference. Well, what are you waiting for? Do it...
Rorschach: DO IT!
Dan Dreiberg: NOOOOOOOO!
Jon Osterman: Will you smile? If I admit I was wrong?
Laurie Juspeczyk: About what?
Jon Osterman: Miracles. Events with astronomical odds of occurring, like oxygen turning into gold. I've longed to witness such an event, and yet I neglect that in human coupling, millions upon millions of cells compete to create life, for generation after generation until, finally, your mother loves a man, Edward Blake, the Comedian, a man she has every reason to hate, and out of that contradiction, against unfathomable odds, it's you - only you - that emerged. To distill so specific a form, from all that chaos. It's like turning air into gold. A miracle. And so... I was wrong. Now dry your eyes, and let's go home.
Adrian Veidt: It doesn't take a genius to see that the world has problems.
Edward Blake: No, but it takes a room full of morons to think they're small enough for you to handle.
Rorschach: Give me back my face!
Laurie Juspeczyk: Everyone will die!
Jon Osterman: And the universe will not even notice.
Laurie Juspeczyk: Do you remember that crazy guy? What did he call himself... Captain Carnage. The one who used to pretend he was a supervillain just so he could get beaten up all the time?
Dan Dreiberg: Yeah, he tried that on me once. I just walked away. He starts following me down the street in broad daylight, yelling 'Punish me! Punish me!' I'm just saying 'No! Get lost.'
Laurie Juspeczyk: God. Whatever happened to him?
Dan Dreiberg: Well, he pulled that on Rorschach, and Rorschach dropped him down an elevator shaft.
Laurie Juspeczyk: Oh my god. That isn't even funny.
Dan Dreiberg: It is a *little* funny.
Edgar Jacobi: I have cancer.
Rorschach: What kind of cancer?
Edgar Jacobi: Well, you know the kind you eventually get better from?
Rorschach: Yes.
Edgar Jacobi: Well, that ain't the kind I got.
Jon Osterman: In my opinion, the existence of life is a highly overrated phenomenon.
Sally Jupiter: I'm 67 years old. Every day, the future looks a little bit darker. But the past... even the grimy parts of it... keep on getting brighter.
Rorschach: Rorschach's journal, October 13th, 1985. 8:30 PM. Meeting with Dreiberg left bad taste in mouth. A flabby failure who sits whimpering in his basement. Why are so few of us left active, healthy, and without personality disorders? The first Nite Owl runs an auto repair shop. The first Silk Spectre is a bloated, aging whore, dying in a California rest resort. Dollar Bill got his cape stuck in a revolving door where he got gunned down. Silhouette, murdered: a victim of her own indecent lifestyle. Mothman's in an asylum in Maine. Even Adrian Veidt. Possible homosexual? Must investigate further. Only two names remain on my list. Both share private quarters at Rockefeller Military Research Center. I shall go to them. I shall go tell the indestructible man that someone plans to murder him.
Jon Osterman: Reassembling myself was the first trick I learned. It didn't kill Osterman... did you really think it would kill me? I have walked across the surface of the Sun. I have witnessed events so tiny and so fast they can hardly be said to have occurred at all. But you, Adrian, you're just a man. The world's smartest man poses no more threat to me than does its smartest termite.
Jon Osterman: I am looking at the stars. They are so far away, and their light takes so long to reach us. All we ever see of stars is their old photographs.
Rorschach: We need to squeeze people.
Dan Dreiberg: Sure. We'll pick them out of a phone book.
Rorschach: You forgot how we do things, Daniel. You've gotten too soft. Too trusting. Especially with women.
Dan Dreiberg: No, listen, I am through with that! God, who do you think you are, Rorschach? You live off people while insulting them and nobody complains because they think you're a goddamn lunatic!
Dan Dreiberg: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that, man.
Rorschach: Daniel? You are a good friend.
Dr. Manhattan: I feel fear, for the last time.
Adrian Veidt: I don't mind being the smartest man in the world, I just wish it wasn't this one.
Detective Fine: Rorschach! This is the police, we know you're in there.
Rorschach: No! No!
Detective Fine: If there's anybody in there with you, send 'em out unharmed.
Rorschach: No! No, no, no, no!
Detective Fine: Come out and make this a nice, clean surrender.
Rorschach: Walked right into it! Stupid, stupid, stupid! Never surrender.
Detective Fine: Alright, I hope you're ready, hero.
Rorschach: When you are.
Dan Dreiberg: I'm not the one still hiding behind a mask.
Rorschach: No. You're hiding in plain sight.
Dr. Manhattan: They claim their labors are to build a heaven, yet their heaven is populated by horrors. Perhaps the world is not made. Perhaps nothing is made. A clock without a craftsman. It's too late. Always has been, always will be. Too late.
Edward Blake: God damn I love working on American soil, Dan. Ain't had this much fun since Woodward and Bernstein.
Dan Dreiberg: How long can we keep this up?
Edward Blake: Congress is pushing through some new bill that's gonna outlaw masks. Our days are numbered. Till then it's like you always say, we're society's only protection.
Dan Dreiberg: From what?
Edward Blake: You kidding me? From themselves.
Edward Blake: It's a joke. It's all a joke.
Janet Black: Doctor Manhattan as you know the Doomsday Clock is a symbolic clock face analogizing humankind's proximity to extinction, midnight representing the threat of nuclear war. As of now it stands at four minutes to midnight. Would you agree that we are that close to annihilation?
Jon Osterman: My father was a watch maker. He abandoned it when Einstein discovered time is relative. I would only agree that a symbolic clock is as nourishing to the intellect as a photograph of oxygen to a drowning man.
Jon Osterman: What is this? Another ultimate weapon?
Adrian Veidt: Yes. You could say that.
Rorschach: Of course. You must protect Veidt's new utopia. What's one more body amongst the foundations? Well, what are you waiting for? Do it.
Rorschach: DO IT!
Adrian Veidt: You wanna know my past? Okay. Happily. It's a matter of public record that by seventeen both my parents were dead, leaving me alone. I guess you could say I've always been alone. I mean, they say I'm the smartest man in the world, but the truth is I've often felt stupid at being unable to relate to anybody. Well... anyone living, that is. The only person with whom I felt any kinship died three hundred years before the birth of Christ. Alexander of Macedonia. His vision of a United world, well... it was unprecedented. I wanted... needed to match his accomplishments, and so I resolved to apply antiquity's teachings to our world today, and so began my path to conquest. Conquest not of men, but of the evils that beset them. Fossil Fuels. Oil. Nuclear Power. Like a drug, and you, gentlemen, along with foreign interests, are the pushers.
Lee Iacocca: Now listen.
Adrian Veidt: No. You listen. The world will survive. And it deserves more than you've been able to provide. So let's cut to it, shall we? Privately I'm worth more than all of your corporations combined, I could buy and sell you three times over, which is something you should factor into your decision should you choose to make our disagreement public. I think you know the way out.
Adrian Veidt's Assistant: The toy people wanna talk to you about some new villains for the Ozymandias line. Seems all the old villains are dead.
Lee Iacocca: Mr Veidt?
Adrian Veidt: I think I have some ideas.
Dr. Manhattan: Janey accuses me of chasing jailbait. She bursts into angry tears, asking if it's because she's getting older. It's true. She's aging more noticeably every day - while I am standing still. I prefer the stillness here. I am tired of Earth. These people. I am tired of being caught in the tangle of their lives.
Adrian Veidt: Dan. A world united in peace... there had to be sacrifice.
Dan Dreiberg: No! You haven't idealized mankind but you've... you've deformed it! You mutilated it. That's your legacy. That's the real practical joke.
Rorschach: This city's afraid of me... I've seen its true face...
Rorschach: A pretty butterfly.
Rorschach: Your turn doctor! Tell me!
Rorschach: What do you see?
Wally Weaver: You see, at the time I was misquoted. I never said 'The Super-man exists and he is American', what I said was '*God* exists and he is American'. Now if you begin to feel an intense and crushing feeling of religious terror at the concept, don't be alarmed. That indicates only that you are still sane.
Edward Blake: Just a matter of time, I suppose.
Edward Blake: So now Moloch's back in town and you got your knickers all in a twist... you really think it matters if you catch him?
Rorschach: Justice matters!
Edward Blake: Justice? Justice is coming to all of us, no matter what the fuck we do. You know, mankind's been trying to kill each other off since the beginning of time. Now, we finally have the power to finish the job. Ain't nothing gonna matter once those nukes start flying; we'll all be dust. And Ozymandias here will be the smartest man on the cinder.
Man on Moon: Good luck, Mister Gorsky.
Rorschach: Need to visit men's room.
Laurie Juspeczyk: Oh, Christ!
Big Figure: He's dead, Rorschach. While everyone's distracted, we thought we'd bring you a little housewarming gift. Something from the machine shop.
Fat Thug: Hey, Boss, you notice? None of that "small world, tall order" crap, cause he knows once we slice open his lock, he's next on the block.
Rorschach: Fat chance.
Rorschach: Hm. Never disposed of sewage with a toilet before. Obvious, really.
Rorschach: Once a man has seen society's black underbelly, he can never turn his back on it. Never pretend, like you do, that it doesn't exist.
Rorschach: A Comedian died last night, and nobody cares. Nobody cares but me.
Dan Dreiberg: There's a maintenance hatch that will let you out two blocks north.
Rorschach: I remember. I used to come here often, back when we were partners.
Dan Dreiberg: Those were good times, huh Rorschach? What happened?
Rorschach: You quit.
Sally Jupiter: I said "no", Eddie.
Edward Blake: "No" spelled Y-E-S.
Sally Jupiter: "No" spelled N-O. All right?
Laurie Juspeczyk: I'm sorry. I invited you out to dinner to catch up and have a few laughs... but there don't seem to be many laughs around these days.
Dan Dreiberg: What do you expect? The Comedian's dead.
Jon Osterman: Your mind goes to dark places and you wonder why I keep the worst from you.
Dr. Manhattan: Adrian, stop this. The tachyons were clever. But even if I can't predict where you are I can still turn the walls to glass. I should thank you. I'd almost forgotten the excitement of *not* knowing. The delights of uncertainty.
Rorschach: I don't like you.
Prison Psychiatrist: Ah. You don't like me? Well, why is that?
Rorschach: Because you're fat.
Jon Osterman: This is where we hold our conversation. In it, you reveal to me that you and Dreiberg have been sleeping together.
Laurie Juspeczyk: You know about me and Dan?
Jon Osterman: Not yet. But in a few moments, you're going to tell me.
Laurie Juspeczyk: If you already know the future, then why were you surprised when I left you? Or when that reporter ambushed you? Why even argue about it if you already know how this is going to end?
Jon Osterman: I have no choice. Everything is preordained... even my responses.
Laurie Juspeczyk: And you're just going through the motions? The most powerful thing in the universe is still just a puppet...
Jon Osterman: We are all puppets, Laurie. I'm just the puppet who can see the strings.
Laurie Juspeczyk: And what if you're wrong?
Jon Osterman: Why does my perception of time distress you so?
Laurie Juspeczyk: Because it's inhuman. Because it makes me insane. You always say you wanna comfort me. Well, it isn't working. Look, I don't want to fight. I'm sorry I slept with Dan.
Jon Osterman: You slept with Dan?
Laurie Juspeczyk: You just said that you already knew about that.
Jon Osterman: I said - *often* - that you were my only remaining link to humanity. Why would I save a world I no longer have any stake in?
Laurie Juspeczyk: Then, do it for me... if you really care.
Jon Osterman: When you left me, I left Earth. Does that not show you that I care? My red world here, now, means more to me than your blue one. Let me show you.
Adrian Veidt: The only person with whom I felt any kinship with died three hundred years before the birth of Christ. Alexander of Macedonia, or Alexander the Great, as you know him.
Dr. Manhattan: You're my only remaining link to the world.
Laurie Juspeczyk: I don't want that responsibility anymore.
Laurie Juspeczyk: He's all yours.
Adrian Veidt: Don't worry John, she'll be back.
Dr. Manhattan: No she won't.
Sally Jupiter: Things are tough all over, cupcake. It rains on the just and unjust alike. The Comedian was a little bit of both.
Big Figure: Now you're gonna find out what the score is!
Rorschach: One, nothing. Come and get me.
Jon Osterman: A live human body and a deceased human body have the same number of particles. Structurally there's no difference.
Rorschach: Some nice flowers.
Adrian Veidt: For someone that calls himself The Comedian, I can never tell when you're joking.
Dan Dreiberg: So I've been thinking, I feel we have an obligation to our fraternity... I think we oughta spring Rorshach.
Laurie Juspeczyk: What?
Dan Dreiberg: Someone set him up. This whole cancer thing with Jon, it just doesn't make sense. You didn't get it.
Laurie Juspeczyk: Yeah, but breaking into a maximum security prison is a lot different than putting out a fire.
Dan Dreiberg: Yeah, you're right... it'll be more fun.
Adrian Veidt: I've known John long enough to see he isn't devoid of emotion. His subtle facial twitches wouldn't have been noticed by the layman but to me, he might as well have been sobbing.
Rorschach: You keep calling me Walter. I don't like you.
Edward Blake: The truth is, you're the closest thing to a friend I got. What the fuck does that say?
Laurie Juspeczyk: I can't even tell if he actually cares about me any more, or if he's just pretending.
Dan Dreiberg: If he's pretending, it means he cares.
Rorschach: Clouds.
Dan Dreiberg: Watchmen are over.
Rorschach: Says Tricky Dick.
Dan Dreiberg: Says me.
Rorschach: Funny, ancient pharaohs looked forward to the end of the world. Hoping the cadavers would rise, and reclaim hearts from golden jars. Must currently be holding breath in anticipation.
Jon Osterman: Miracles by their definition are meaningless, only what can happen does happen.
Sally Jupiter: Are there no depths you won't sink to?
Edward Blake: Jesus Christ Sally, can't a guy talk to his- an old friend's daughter?
Richard Nixon: Bold moves, Henry. That's what's needed right now. We can't let these fuckers think we're weak!
Henry Kissinger: Yes. They must fear the madman Richard Nixon.
Doug Roth: Mr. Veidt, to date, you're one of only two Watchmen ever to reveal their true identity to the world, the first being Hollis Mason. And you've certainly profited greatly by it turning your superhero alter ego, Ozymandias, into a billion-dollar industry: toys, lunchboxes, genetic engineering. I understand there's a movie in the works.
Adrian Veidt: I'm not hearing a question, Mr. Roth.
Doug Roth: I'm sorry. Do you think...
Adrian Veidt: The other Watchmen resent me for prostituting their struggle? It's a fair question. Yes, it's crossed my mind some of my old colleagues might see it that way, just as you're clearly aware that biased journalism sells more magazines. The merchandising arm of Veidt Industries is funding our work with Dr. Manhattan. We recently expanded our research facility in Antarctica in the hope of developing cheap, renewable sources of energy that we might eliminate the world's reliance on fossil fuels. Now, it doesn't take a political scientist to see that our Cold War with the Russians isn't ideological - it's based upon fear. Fear of not having enough. But if we make resources infinite... ah... we make war obsolete. I would hope the other Watchmen understand that. Wherever they may be. Thanks for your time.
Dan Dreiberg: You look good, Adrian.
Adrian Veidt: Dan. It's been too long. So Rorschach thinks someone's hunting the Watchmen, huh?
Dan Dreiberg: You think it's possible?
Adrian Veidt: Statistically, one murder doesn't equal a trend. Rorschach's a sociopath, Dan. And so was the Comedian. He was practically a Nazi. You know that better than anyone.
Dan Dreiberg: I'm not here because I miss him.
Adrian Veidt: It's occurred to Rorschach that we're the only ones who know each other's identities.
Dan Dreiberg: Actually, the whole world knows yours. That's why I'm warning you first.
Adrian Veidt: Thank you, Dan, but I fear there's something much more real to worry about than Rorschach's mask killer.
Dan Dreiberg: If the Russians do launch their nukes, can Jon really stop them?
Adrian Veidt: The Soviets have 51,000 warheads stockpiled. Even if Jon stops 99 percent of them, the 1 percent that get through could still kill every living thing on Earth. Even Dr. Manhattan can't be everywhere at once.
Fat Thug: You're dead, Rorschach! We got a prison full of killers out here! What do you got?
Rorschach: Your hands. My pleasure.
Edward Blake: You know if we'd lost here in Vietnam, I think it might've driven us crazy. Y'know, as a country. But we didn't. Thanks to you.
Adrian Veidt: His vision of a united world... well, it was unprecedented. I wanted... *needed* to match his accomplishments, and so I resolved to apply antiquity's teaching to our world, *today*. And so began my path to conquest. Conquest not of men, but of the evils that beset them.
Adrian Veidt: What, in life, does not deserve celebrating?
Jon Osterman: I'm disappointed in you, Adrian! Very disappointed! Re-assembling myself was the first trick I learned as Dr Manhattan!
Jon Osterman: Why would I save a world I no longer have any stake in?
Laurie Juspeczyk: Do it for me.
Dan Dreiberg: Is that bean juice?
Rorschach: Human bean juice. Badge belonged to The Comedian. Blood too. He's dead.
Dan Dreiberg: Let's talk downstairs.
Dr. Manhattan: In January 1971, President Nixon asks me to intervene in Vietnam, something that his predecessors would *not* ask. A week later the conflict ends. Some of the Viet Cong want to surrender to me personally.
Laurie Juspeczyk: Dan?
Laurie Juspeczyk: Is everything alright?
Dan Dreiberg: God I'm tired of being afraid, afraid of war, afraid of the mask-killer... and afraid of this goddamn suit, and how much I need it.
Laurie Juspeczyk: Me too. So to hell with it; let's take Archi out.
Dan Dreiberg: You're serious.
Laurie Juspeczyk: I used to be a masked avenger too, you know; I'm used to getting up at 3 in the morning and doing something stupid.
Dan Dreiberg: Adrian's a pacifist. He's a vegetarian, for chrissakes. He's never killed anyone in his life.
Rorschach: Hitler was vegetarian. You're squeamish, leave him to me. We won't get second chance.
John McLaughlin: On a scale of 0 to 10 - zero being impossible, ten being complete metaphysical certitude - what are the chances the Russians will actually attack the United States? Pat Buchanan.
Pat Buchanan: Zero. The Soviets would never risk going to war when we have a walking nuclear deterrent on our side.
Hollis Mason: They forced everyone out except him.
Dan Dreiberg: Oh he'll quit. When he's dead.
Adrian Veidt: We can do so much more. We can save this world... with the right leadership.
Dan Dreiberg: Maybe this was a political killing?
Rorschach: Maybe. Or maybe someone's picking off costumed heroes.
Dan Dreiberg: Um. Don't you think that's maybe a little paranoid?
Rorschach: That's what they're saying about me now? That I'm paranoid?
Woman in diner: I'm so glad I got the four legged chicken.
Rorschach: The engines!
Dan Dreiberg: They're icing up. Hold on to something!
Rorschach: Daniel, you're coming in too low. Don't wish to interfere with running of ship, but perhaps should pull up sharply before...
Dan Dreiberg: Yeah, I know, I'm trying! I'm trying to pull him up, goddamnit!
Adrian Veidt: Do you see? Two super powers retreating from war. I've saved the Earth from hell. We both have. This is as much your victory as it is mine. Now we can return. Do what we were meant to.
Rorschach: We were meant to exact justice! Everyone's gonna know what you've done...
Adrian Veidt: Will they? By exposing me, you would sacrifice the peace so many died for today.
Dan Dreiberg: Peace based on a lie.
Adrian Veidt: But peace! Nonetheless.
Jon Osterman: ...He's right. Exposing Adrian would only doom the world to Nuclear destruction again.
Laurie Juspeczyk: No... we can't do this.
Jon Osterman: On Mars, you taught me the value of life. If we hope to preserve it here, we must remain silent.
Rorschach: Keep your own secrets...
Dan Dreiberg: Don't even think about it.
Dan Dreiberg: Rorscach! Wait.
Rorschach: Never compromise. Not even in the face of Armageddon. That's always been the difference between us, Daniel.
Adrian Veidt: I've made myself feel every death... see every innocent face I've murdered to save humanity.
Adrian Veidt: You understand, don't you?
Jon Osterman: Without condoning... or condemning. I understand.
Rorschach: Fine like this.
Jon Osterman: When you left me, I left Earth.
News Vendor: Hey, all this time you've been coming down here, I never caught your name.
Teenager at Newsstand: Bernard.
News Vendor: Bernard? You're kidding? That's
News Vendor: News Vendor: my name too.
Teenager at Newsstand: Not that big a deal. There's lots of people called Bernard.
Sally Jupiter: She blames me for her career, but what else would she have been? A housewife?
Rorschach: How's your friend Hollis Mason?
Dan Dreiberg: What's Hollis got to do with any of this?
Rorschach: He wrote that book. Said some things about the Comedian in it.
Dan Dreiberg: I don't like what you're implying. I like being followed even less.
Hollis Mason: Truth: you were a better Nite Owl than I ever was, Danny boy.
Dan Dreiberg: Hollis, we both know that's bullshit.
Hollis Mason: Hey, watch with the language! This was the left hook that took out Captain Axis! Remember?
Sally Jupiter: I was a hero, goddamn it!
Rorschach: Good joke. Everybody laugh. Roll on snare drum. Curtains.
Adrian Veidt: My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!
Aggressive Hooker: Fuck you! I make more in a week and this day of the year, you fucking hobo! FUCK YOU!
Laurie Juspeczyk: I am not afraid.
Edward Blake: Mother forgive me.
Laurie Juspeczyk: John! The TV said you were on Mars.
Dr. Manhattan: I am on Mars. You and I are about to have a conversation there.
Laurie Juspeczyk: What are you talking about?
Dr. Manhattan: You're going to try to convince me to save the world.
Dr. Manhattan: If the United States and Soviet Union engage in all-out war the resulting blast wave would produce a sudden burst of tachyons... particles which travel backward through what... *you* perceive as time... therefore obscuring my vision of the present.
Dan Dreiberg: Let's do it your way.
Sally Jupiter: Do that thing you do!     