
Frankie Dunn: It wasn't fault. I was wrong to say that.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: You damn right. I found you a fighter. You made her the best fighter she could be.
Frankie Dunn: I killed her.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Don't say that. Maggie walked through that door with nothing buts guts. No chance in the world of being what she needed to be. It was because of you that she was fighting the championship of the world. You did that. People die everyday, Frankie - mopping floors, washing dishes and you know what their last thought is? I never got my shot. Because of you Maggie got her shot. If she dies today you know what her last thought would be? I think I did all right.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: If there's magic in boxing, it's the magic of fighting battles beyond endurance, beyond cracked ribs, ruptured kidneys and detached retinas. It's the magic of risking everything for a dream that nobody sees but you.
Maggie Fitzgerald: I'm 32, Mr. Dunn, and I'm here celebrating the fact that I spent another year scraping dishes and waitressing which is what I've been doing since 13, and according to you, I'll be 37 before I can even throw a decent punch, which I have to admit, after working on this speed bag for a month getting nowhere may be the God's simple truth. Other truth is, my brother's in prison, my sister cheats on welfare by pretending one of her babies is still alive, my daddy's dead, and my momma weighs 312lbs. If I was thinking straight, I'd go back home, find a used trailer, buy a deep fryer and some oreos. Problem is, this the only thing I ever felt good doing. If I'm too old for this, then I got nothing. That enough truth to suit you?
Maggie Fitzgerald: I do have one favor to ask of you boss.
Frankie Dunn: Anything you want.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Remember what my daddy did for Axel?
Frankie Dunn: Don't even think about that.
Maggie Fitzgerald: I can't be like this, Frankie. Not after what I've done. I've seen the world. People chanted my name. Well, not my name... some damn name you gave me. But they were chanting for me. I was in magazines. You think I ever dreamed that'd happen? I was born two pounds, one-and-a-half ounces. Daddy used to tell me I'd fight my way into this world, and I'd fight my way out. That's all I wanna do, Frankie. I just don't wanna fight you to do it. I got what I needed. I got it all. Don't let 'em keep taking it away from me. Don't let me lie here 'till I can't hear those people chanting no more.
Frankie Dunn: All right. I'm gonna disconnect your air machine, then you're gonna go to sleep. Then I'll give you a shot, and you'll... stay asleep. Mo cuishle means "My darling, my blood."
Maggie Fitzgerald: She's tough, I can't go inside, I can't get close enough to hit her.
Frankie Dunn: You know why that is?
Maggie Fitzgerald: Why?
Frankie Dunn: Cause she's a better fighter than you are, that's why. She's younger, she's stronger, and she's more experienced. Now, what are you gonna do about it?
Maggie Fitzgerald: British referee: Ten minutes, luv.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Man says he loves me.
Frankie Dunn: Well, he's probably not the first one to say that.
Maggie Fitzgerald: First since my daddy.
Frankie Dunn: Hm.
Maggie Fitzgerald: I win, you think he'll propose?
Frankie Dunn: You win, *I'll* propose.
Frankie Dunn: You got big holes in your socks.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Oh, they're not that big.
Frankie Dunn: Didn't I give you money for some new ones?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: These are my sleeping socks. My feet like a little air at night.
Frankie Dunn: How come you're wearing them in the daytime, then?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: 'Cause my daytime socks got too many holes in them.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Momma, you take Mardell and JD and get home 'fore I tell that lawyer there that you were so worried about your welfare you never signed those house papers like you were supposed to. So anytime I feel like it I can sell that house from under your fat, lazy, hillbilly ass. And if you ever come back, that's exactly what I'll do.
Frankie Dunn: Girlie, tough ain't enough.
Father Horvak: What's confusing you this week?
Frankie Dunn: Oh, it's the same old "one God-three God" thing.
Father Horvak: Frankie, most people figure out by kindergarten it's about faith.
Frankie Dunn: Is it sort of like Snap Crackle and Pop, all rolled into one big box?
Father Horvak: You're standing outside my church, comparing God to Rice Krispies?
Maggie Fitzgerald: I've got nobody but you, Frankie.
Frankie Dunn: Well, you've got me.
Frankie Dunn: You forgot the rule. Now, what is the rule?
Maggie Fitzgerald: Keep my left up?
Frankie Dunn: Is to protect yourself at all times. Now, what is the rule?
Maggie Fitzgerald: Protect myself at all times.
Frankie Dunn: Good. Good.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Frankie likes to say that boxing is an unnatural act, that everything in boxing is backwards: sometimes the best way to deliver a punch is to step back... But step back too far and you ain't fighting at all.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: The body knows what fighters don't: how to protect itself. A neck can only twist so far. Twist it just a hair more and the body says, "Hey, I'll take it from here because you obviously don't know what you're doing... Lie down now, rest, and we'll talk about this when you regain your senses." It's called the knockout mechanism.
Frankie Dunn: Hit the bag.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Like this?
Frankie Dunn: Stop.
Maggie Fitzgerald: What'd I do wrong?
Frankie Dunn: Okay, you did two things wrong, one is you asked a question and two is you asked another question.
Maggie Fitzgerald: I saw your last fight, Shawrelle. Spent so much time face down I thought the canvas had titties.
Danger Barch: Anyone can lose one fight.
Ref #1: Is this your fighter?
Frankie Dunn: This is my fighter.
Maggie Fitzgerald: We're flying?
Frankie Dunn: Would you rather drive?
Maggie Fitzgerald: You're askin' me?
Frankie Dunn: Would you rather fly or would you rather drive?
Maggie Fitzgerald: So, I finally get to decide something?
Frankie Dunn: That's what I'm saying.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Fine. Fly there, drive back.
Frankie Dunn: That's the stupidest thing I ever heard of. How the hell we gonna do that?
Maggie Fitzgerald: You said it was up to me.
Maggie Fitzgerald: You're gonna leave me again?
Frankie Dunn: Never.
Father Horvak: Frankie, I've seen you at Mass almost every day for 23 years. The only person comes to church that much is the kind who can't forgive himself for something.
Frankie Dunn: So is Jesus a Demigod?
Father Horvak: There are no Demigods, you fucking Pagan!
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Some people say the most important thing a fighter can have is heart. Frankie'd say: show me a fighter who was nothing but heart and I'll show you a man waiting for a beating.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: 110. Get a job, punk.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: She came from southwest Missoura, the hills outside the scratchy-ass Ozark town of Theodosia, set in the cedars and oak trees, somewhere between nowhere and goodbye.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy.
Frankie Dunn: I think someone should count to 10.
Maggie Fitzgerald: I seen you looking at me.
Frankie Dunn: Yeah, out of pity.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Don't you say that. Don't you say that if it ain't true. I want a trainer. I don't want charity, and I don't want favours.
Frankie Dunn: I want you to jab, right in the tits, until they turn blue and fall off.
Frankie Dunn: How many eyes do you need to finish this fight?
Maggie Fitzgerald: One's enough.
Danger Barch: How'd you get all the ice in here through this little tiny hole?
Maggie Fitzgerald: I can't be like this, Frankie. Not after what I've done. I've seen the world. People chanted my name. Well, not my name, some damn name you gave me. They were chanting for me. I was in magazines. You think I ever dreamed that'd happen? I was born two pounds, one-and-a-half ounces. Daddy used to tell me I'd fight my way into this world, and I'd fight my way out. That's all I wanna do, Frankie. I just don't wanna fight you to do it. I got what I needed. I got it all. Don't let 'em keep taking it away from me. Don't let me lie here 'till I can't hear those people chanting no more.
Maggie Fitzgerald: They took my leg, boss.
Frankie Dunn: It's gonna be allright, you hear?
Maggie Fitzgerald: I always hear your voice, boss.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: No matter where he is, I thought you should know what kind of man your father really was.
Frankie Dunn: I swear to God, Father, it's committing a sin by doing it. By keeping her alive, I'm killing her. Do you know what I mean? How do I get around that?
Father Horvak: You don't. You step aside, Frankie. You leave her with God.
Frankie Dunn: She's not asking for God's help. She's asking for mine.
Father Horvak: Frankie, I've seen you at Mass almost every day for 23 years. The only person comes to church that much is the kind who can't forgive himself for something. Whatever sins you're carrying, they're nothing compared to this. Forget about God or heaven and hell. If you do this thing, you'll be lost. Somewhere so deep you'll never find yourself again.
Frankie Dunn: I think I did it already.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: To make a fighter you gotta strip them down to bare wood: you can't just tell 'em to forget everything you know if you gotta make 'em forget even their bones... make 'em so tired they only listen to you, only hear your voice, only do what you say and nothing else... show 'em how to keep their balance and take it away from the other guy... how to generate momentum off their right toe and how to flex your knees when you fire a jab... how to fight backin' up so that the other guy doesn't want to come after you. Then you gotta show 'em all over again. Over and over and over... till they think they're born that way.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: She's getting pretty good.
Frankie Dunn: Yeah, real fast. It's almost as if someone's been helping her.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Oh, I don't know. She might just be a natural. Looks like she's got something.
Frankie Dunn: She's got my speed bag, that's what she's got.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: I wonder how the hell she got that.
Frankie Dunn: I wonder!
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: There is magic in fighting battles beyond endurance
Maggie Fitzgerald: You got any family, boss?
Frankie Dunn: What?
Maggie Fitzgerald: You're spending so much time with me. I didn't know if you had any.
Frankie Dunn: Well, I've got a daughter, Katie.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Well that's family.
Frankie Dunn: We're not exactly close.
Maggie Fitzgerald: How much she weigh?
Frankie Dunn: What?
Maggie Fitzgerald: Trouble in my family comes by the pound.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: "Maggie always did like taking 'em out in the first round."
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: All fighters are pig-headed some way or another: some part of them always thinks they know better than you about something. Truth is: even if they're wrong, even if that one thing is going to be the ruin of them, if you can beat that last bit out of them... they ain't fighters at all.
Frankie Dunn: How many times do I got to tell you that bleach is bleach. Why can't you just buy the cheap stuff, you always have to buy the expensive stuff.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: It smells better, Frankie.
Frankie Dunn: Bleach smells like bleach.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Boxing is an unnatural act. Cos everything in it is backwards. You wanna move to the left, you don't step left, you push on the right toe. To move right, you use your left toe. Instead of running from the pain - like a sane person would do, you step into it.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Anybody can lose one fight, anybody can lose once, you'll come back from this you'll be champion of the world.
Frankie Dunn: You wouldn't start training to be a ballerina at 31 now, would you?
Maggie Fitzgerald: Already been workin' it for three years.
Frankie Dunn: And you can't hit a speed bag? What kind of training is that?
Maggie Fitzgerald: I never had any, boss.
Frankie Dunn: Well, I hate to say it, but it shows.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Working the bag, boss.
Frankie Dunn: I'm not your boss and that bag's working you.
Maggie Fitzgerald: You don't have to hang around all day.
Frankie Dunn: I like it here. I don't mind. In fact, if you weren't here, I'd come here anyway to read my books.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Yeah right, you're the smart one. You're the one learning Greek.
Frankie Dunn: It's Gaelic.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Well you just protected yourself out of a championship fight! How do you say that in Gaelic?
Frankie Dunn: What's she sayin'?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Wants to know what you're readin'.
Frankie Dunn: It's Yeats.
Frankie Dunn: Keep your head back.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Why don't you talk a little Yeats to her? Show her what a treat that is.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Only ever met one man I wouldn't wanna fight. When I met him he was already the best cut man in the business. Started training and managing in the sixties, but never lost his gift.
Frankie Dunn: I'm gonna get you out of here. These doctors around here don't know squat. Otherwise, why would they be living out here in the desert? As soon as you're able to be moved, we'll find someplace where they've actually studied medicine,
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: She grew up knowing one thing: she was trash.
Frankie Dunn: He paid his dues?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Dues? The boy can't afford pants, you want him to pay dues?
Frankie Dunn: Get out of my office!
Frankie Dunn: Don't call me Boss. I'm not your boss and don't you be calling me that.
Maggie Fitzgerald: If I stop callin' you Boss, will you train me?
Frankie Dunn: No.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Then I might as well just keep callin you it!
Maggie Fitzgerald: You ever own a dog?
Frankie Dunn: No. Closest I ever came was a middleweight from Barstow.
Frankie Dunn: Can you spare a few minutes for the Immaculate Conception?
Frankie Dunn: Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: What the hell kind of language is that?
Frankie Dunn: What do you want?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: I just thought you should know you got a fighter out there not talking to another manager.
Frankie Dunn: Not talking to another manager?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: And not just any manager. Mickey Mack.
Frankie Dunn: You came in here to tell me Big Willie is not talking to Mickey Mack.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Not a word. Neither one of him.
Frankie Dunn: I'm tryin' to read here.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Well, if you think that more important.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Mr. Dunn?
Frankie Dunn: Hmm. I owe you money?
Maggie Fitzgerald: No sir.
Frankie Dunn: I know your mama?
Maggie Fitzgerald: Don't rightly know, sir.
Frankie Dunn: Then what is it you want?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Damndest thing. So, What's the plan? I know you got one, so you might as well tell me what it is.
Frankie Dunn: It's your fault. Yeah, it's your fault she's lying in there like that. You kept after me until I trained her. I knew I shouldn't have done it, her being a girl and all. Everything kept telling me not to. Everything but you.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Seems there are Irish people everywhere, or people who want to be.
Danger Barch: Oh, look, I'm Shawrelle! I'm humping the canvas!
Maggie Fitzgerald: Did you see the fight?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Of course I did. You had her cold, Maggie.
Maggie Fitzgerald: I shouldn't have dropped my hand. I shouldn't have turned. Always protect myself... how many times did he tell me that?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: She made her return trip by ambulance.
Maggie Fitzgerald: Will you tell him I'm real sorry?
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: No. I will do no such thing, Maggie.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: See the way she did that? Sugar Ray could do that. The girl's got Sugar!
Danger Barch: And I challenge the "Motor City Cobra", Thomas "Hit Man" Hearns to fight me for the Welterweight Championship of the whole world!
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: ...but maybe he didn't have anything left in his heart. I just hope he found someplace where he could find a little peace. A place set in the cedars and oak trees. Somewhere between nowhere and goodbye. But that's probably wishful thinking.
Frankie Dunn: I don't train girls.
Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: I have HBO.
Maggie Fitzgerald: This place has the best lemon pie around. None of that canned-filling crap.
Frankie Dunn: Now I can die and go to heaven.     