
Iron Man: Okay, anybody on our side hiding any shocking and fantastic abilities they'd like to disclose? I'm open to suggestions.
Ant-Man: Oh, you're going to have to take this to the shop.
Iron Man: Who's speaking?
Ant-Man: It's your conscience. We don't talk a lot these days.
Falcon: I don't know if you've been in a fight before, but there's usually not this much talking.
Spider-Man: All right, sorry. My bad.
Tony Stark: Got a passport?
Peter Parker: Um, no. I don't... I don't even have a driver's license.
Tony Stark: You ever been to Germany?
Peter Parker: No.
Tony Stark: Oh, you'll love it.
Peter Parker: I can't go to Germany!
Tony Stark: Why?
Peter Parker: I got... homework.
Tony Stark: Alright, I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that.
Scott Lang: Hank Pym did say to never trust a Stark!
Tony Stark: Who are you?
Scott Lang: Come on, man.
Bucky Barnes: Can you move your seat up?
Sam Wilson: No.
Spider-Man: Hey guys, you ever see that really old movie, Empire Strikes Back?
War Machine: Jesus, Tony, how old is this guy?
Iron Man: I don't know, I didn't carbon date him. He's on the young side.
Captain America: He's my friend.
Iron Man: So was I.
Spider-Man: That thing doesn't obey the laws of physics at all!
Tony Stark: So, you're the Spiderling. Crime-fighting Spider. You're Spider-Boy?
Peter Parker: S-Spider-Man.
Tony Stark: Not in that onesie, you're not.
Peter Parker: It's not a onesie.
Spider-Man: You have a metal arm? That is AWESOME, dude!
Tony Stark: All right, I've run out of patience. "Underoos!"
Tony Stark: Nice job, kid!
Spider-Man: Thanks! Well, I could have stuck the landing a little better. It's just, new suit... wait, it's nothing, Mr. Stark. It's... it's perfect, thank you.
Tony Stark: Yeah, we don't really need to start a conversation.
Spider-Man: Okay.
Spider-Man: Cap... Captain? Big fan. Spider-Man.
Tony Stark: Yeah, we'll talk about it later. Just...
Spider-Man: Hey, everyone.
Tony Stark: Good job.
Tony Stark: That shield doesn't belong to you. You don't deserve it! My father made that shield!
Iron Man: Clearly retirement doesn't suit you. Get tired of playing golf?
Hawkeye: Well, I played 18, I shot 18. Just can't seem to miss.
Iron Man: First time for everything.
Hawkeye: Made you look.
Scott Lang: Ca... Captain America...
Steve Rogers: Mr. Lang.
Scott Lang: It's an honor. I'm shaking your hand too long. Wow, this is awesome!
Scott Lang: Captain America! I know you, too. You're great!
Scott Lang: Jeez... Uh, look, I wanna say, I know you know a lot of super-people so... thinks for thanking of me.
Scott Lang: Hey, man!
Sam Wilson: What's up, Tic-Tac?
Scott Lang: Uh, good to see you. Look, what happened last time was...
Sam Wilson: It was a great audition, but it'll...
Sam Wilson: It'll never happen again.
Steve Rogers: Did he tell you what we're up against?
Scott Lang: Something about some... psycho assassins?
Steve Rogers: We're outside the law on this one, so if you come with us, you're a wanted man.
Scott Lang: Yeah, well, what else is new?
Hawkeye: I don't think we've been introduced. I'm Clint.
Black Panther: I don't care.
Winter Soldier: You couldn't have done that earlier?
Falcon: I hate you.
Sharon Carter: Margaret Carter was known to most as the founder of S.H.I.E.L.D. But I just know her as Aunt Peggy. She had a photograph in her office: Aunt Peggy standing next to JFK. As a kid that was pretty cool. But it was a lot to live up to, which is why I never told anyone we were related. I asked her once how she managed to master diplomacy and espionage at a time when no one wanted to see a woman succeed at either. And she said, "Compromise where you can. Where you can't, don't. Even if everyone is telling you that something wrong is something right. Even if the whole world is telling you to move, it is your duty to plant yourself like a tree, look them in the eye, and say, 'No, *you* move'."
Spider-Man: They're not stopping!
Sharon Carter: The receipt for your gear.
Sam Wilson: Bird costume? Come on.
Sharon Carter: I didn't write it.
FedEx Driver: Are you 'Tony Stank'?
Ant-Man: I got something kinda big, but I can't hold it very long. On my signal, run like hell, and if I tear myself in half, don't come back for me.
Winter Soldier: He's gonna tear himself in half?
Hawkeye: I retire for what, like, five minutes, and it all goes to shit.
Tony Stark: Manchurian Candidate, you're killing me. We're on a truce. Put the gun down.
Black Widow: Are we still friends?
Hawkeye: That depends on how hard you hit me.
Sam Wilson: So you like cats?
Steve Rogers: Sam...
Sam Wilson: What? Dude shows up dressed like a cat and you don't wanna know more?
Steve Rogers: Your suit. It's vibranium?
T'Challa: The Black Panther has been the protector of Wakanda for generations. A mantle passed from warrior to warrior. And now because your friend murdered my father, I also wear the mantle of king. So I ask you, as both warrior and king, how long do you think you can keep your friend safe from me?
Steve Rogers: Tony, I'm glad you're back at the compound. I don't like the idea of you rattling around a mansion by yourself. We all need family. The Avengers are yours, maybe more so than mine. I've been on my own since I was 18. I never really fit in anywhere, even in the army. My faith's in people, I guess. Individuals. And I'm happy to say that, for the most part, they haven't let me down. Which is why I can't let them down either. Locks can be replaced, but maybe they shouldn't. I know I hurt you, Tony. I guess I thought by not telling you about your parents I was sparing you, but I can see now that I was really sparing myself, and I'm sorry. Hopefully one day you can understand. I wish we agreed on the Accords, I really do. I know you're doing what you believe in, and that's all any of us can do. That's all any of us should... So no matter what, I promise you, if you need us - if you need me - I'll be there.
Captain America: You got heart, kid. Where are you from?
Spider-Man: Queens!
Captain America: Brooklyn!
Iron Man: Do you even remember them?
Winter Soldier: I remember all of them.
Ant-Man: Oh, man, thought it was a water truck. Uh, sorry.
Steve Rogers: He said 'Bucky' and suddenly I was that 16-year-old boy from Brooklyn again.
Voice of Zemo's Wife: You should have seen his little face. Just try, okay? I'm going to bed. I love you.
T'Challa: I almost killed the wrong man.
Zemo: Hardly an innocent one.
T'Challa: Is this all you wanted? To see them rip each other apart?
Zemo: My father lived outside the city. I thought we would be safe there. My son was excited. He could see the Iron Man from the car window. I told my wife "Don't worry. They're fighting in the city. We're miles from harm". And the dust cleared... and the screaming stopped... it took me two days until I found their bodies. My father... still holding my wife and son in his arms... and the Avengers?
Zemo: They went home.
Zemo: I knew I couldn't kill them. More powerful men than me have tried. But if I could get them to kill each other...
Zemo: I'm sorry about your father. He seemed a good man, with a dutiful son.
T'Challa: Vengeance has consumed you. It's consuming them. I'm done letting it consume me.
T'Challa: Justice will come soon enough.
Zemo: Tell that to the dead.
T'Challa: The living are not done with you yet.
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry, Nat. I can't sign it.
Natasha Romanoff: I know.
Steve Rogers: Then why did you come here?
Natasha Romanoff: Because I didn't want you to be alone.
Steve Rogers: This job... we try to save as many people as we can. Sometimes that doesn't mean everybody. But if we can't find a way to live with that, next time... maybe nobody gets saved.
Spider-Man: Are those carbon fiber wings?
Falcon: Is this stuff coming out of you?
Friday: Multiple contusions detected.
Iron Man: Yeah, I detected that too...
Steve Rogers: It wasn't him, Tony! Hydra had control of his mind!
Tony Stark: MOVE!
Steve Rogers: IT WASN'T HIM!
Tony Stark: How did this happen?
Vision: I became distracted.
Tony Stark: I didn't think that was possible.
Vision: Neither did I.
Steve Rogers: Do you know me?
Bucky Barnes: You're Steve. I read about you at the museum.
Sam Wilson: They've set the perimeter.
Steve Rogers: I know you're nervous. And you have plenty of reason to be. But you're lying.
Bucky Barnes: I wasn't in Vienna. I don't do that anymore.
Sam Wilson: They're entering the building.
Steve Rogers: Well, the people who think you did are coming here now. And they're not planning on taking you alive.
Bucky Barnes: That's smart. Good strategy.
Sam Wilson: They're on the roof. I'm compromised.
Steve Rogers: This doesn't have end in a fight, Buck.
Bucky Barnes: It always ends in a fight.
Sam Wilson: 5 seconds.
Steve Rogers: YOU pulled me from the river. Why?
Bucky Barnes: I don't know.
Sam Wilson: 3 seconds!
Steve Rogers: Yes, you do.
Sam Wilson: Breach! Breach! Breach!
Spider-Man: You have the right to remain silent!
Spider-Man: HOLY SHIT!
Winter Soldier: I didn't kill your father.
Black Panther: Then why did you run?
Tony Stark: Did you know?
Steve Rogers: I didn't know it was him...
Tony Stark: Don't bullshit me, Rogers! Did you know?
Steve Rogers: Yes.
Natasha Romanoff: Tony, you are being uncharacteristically non-hyperverbal.
Zemo: Longing. Rusted. Seventeen. Daybreak. Furnace. Nine. Benign. Homecoming. One. Freight Car... Soldier?
Bucky Barnes: ...Ready to comply.
Bucky Barnes: Your mom's name was Sarah. You used to wear newspapers in your shoes.
Steve Rogers: You can't read that in a museum.
Sam Wilson: Just like that, we're supposed to be cool?
Iron Man: Stay down... final warning.
Captain America: I can do this all day.
Tony Stark: You know, I'm having a hard time believing she's someone's aunt.
T'Challa: In my culture, death is not the end. It's more of a stepping off point. You reach out with both hands and Bast and Sekhmet, they lead you into the green veld where... you can run forever.
Natasha Romanoff: That sounds very peaceful.
T'Challa: My father thought so. I am not my father.
Natasha Romanoff: T'Challa, Task Force will decide who brings in Barnes.
T'Challa: Don't bother, Ms. Romanoff. I'll kill him myself.
Sam Wilson: I just wanna make sure we consider all our options. The people that shoot at you usually wind up shooting at me.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Tell me, Captain, do you know where Thor and Banner are right now? 'Cause you can bet if I misplaced a couple of 30 megaton warheads, there'd be consequences.
Tony Stark: Hey, you wanna see something cool? I pulled something from Dad's archives. Timely. FDR signed the Lend-Lease bill with these in 1941. Provided support to the Allies when they needed most.
Steve Rogers: Some would say it brought our country closer to war.
Tony Stark: Steve, if not for these, you wouldn't be here. I'm trying to, what do you call it, a... an olive branch. Is that what you call it?
Steve Rogers: Is Pepper here? I didn't see her.
Tony Stark: We are kinda... well not kinda...
Steve Rogers: Pregnant?
Tony Stark: No, ha, definitely not. We're taking a break. It's nobody's fault.
Steve Rogers: I'm so sorry, Tony. I didn't know.
Tony Stark: A few years ago I almost lost her so I trashed all my suits. Then we had to mop up Hydra. Then Ultron, my fault. And then, and then, and then. I never stopped. 'Cause the truth is I don't wanna stop. I don't wanna lose her. I thought maybe the Accords can split the difference. In her defense, I'm a handful. Yeah dad was a pain in the ass, but he and mom always made it work.
Steve Rogers: You know, I'm glad Howard got married. I only knew him when he was young and single.
Tony Stark: Oh really? You two knew each other? He never mentioned that. Maybe only a thousand times. God, I hated you.
Steve Rogers: I don't mean to make things difficult.
Tony Stark: I know. Because you're a very polite person.
Steve Rogers: If I see a situation pointed south, I can't ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could.
Tony Stark: No, you don't.
Steve Rogers: No, I don't. Sometimes...
Tony Stark: Sometimes I wanna punch you in your perfect teeth. But I don't wanna see you gone. We need you, Cap. So far nothing's happen that can't be undone. Please, sign. We can make the last 24 hours legit. Barnes gets transferred to an American psych center instead of a Wakandan prison.
Steve Rogers: I'm not saying it's impossible. But there would have to be safeguards.
Tony Stark: Sure! Once we put out the PR - they're documents. They can be amended. I file a motion, have you and Wanda reinstated...
Steve Rogers: Wanda? What about Wanda?
Tony Stark: She's fine. She's confined in the compound currently. Vision's keeping her company.
Steve Rogers: Oh God, Tony! Every time. Every time I think you're seeing things the right way...
Tony Stark: It's a 100 acres with a lap pool. It's got a screening room. There's worse way to protect people. She's not a US Citizen and they don't grant visas to Weapons of Mass Destruction.
Steve Rogers: Protection? Is that how you see this? This isn't protection, it's internment, Tony. Come on, she's a kid!
Tony Stark: Gimme a break! I'm doing what has to be done, to save us from something worse.
Crossbones: This is for dropping a building on my face!
Clint Barton: The futurist is here, gentlemen! He sees all. He knows what's best for you, whether you like it or not.
Steve Rogers: You remember that time we had to ride back from Rockaway Beach in the back of that freezer truck?
Bucky Barnes: Was that the time you used our train money to buy hotdogs?
Steve Rogers: You blew three bucks trying to win that stuffed bear for a redhead.
Bucky Barnes: What was her name again?
Steve Rogers: Dolores. You called her Dot.
Bucky Barnes: She's gotta be a hundred years old right now...
Steve Rogers: So are we, pal.
Steve Rogers: I know we're not perfect, but the safest hands are still our own.
Natasha Romanoff: Looking over your shoulder should be second nature.
Sam Wilson: Anyone ever tell you you're a little paranoid?
Natasha Romanoff: Not to my face. Why, did you hear something?
Natasha Romanoff: I know how much Barnes means to you... Stay at home. You'll only make this worse.
Vision: If you do this, they will never stop being afraid of you.
Wanda Maximoff: I can't control their fear. Only my own.
Tony Stark: I'm trying to keep...
Tony Stark: I'm trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart.
Captain America: You did that when you signed.
Vision: Our very strength incites challenge. Challenge incites conflict. And conflict... breeds catastrophe.
Vision: A pinch of paprika... A pinch...
Wanda Maximoff: Is that Paprikash?
Vision: I thought it might lift your spirits.
Wanda Maximoff: Spirits lifted.
Vision: In my defence, I haven't actually eaten anything before, so... please... Wanda?
Wanda Maximoff: Hmm?
Vision: No one dislikes you.
Wanda Maximoff: Thanks.
Vision: Oh you're welcome. No. It's ah... involuntary response in their amygdala that can't help but being afraid of you.
Wanda Maximoff: Are you?
Vision: My amygdala is synthetic, so...
Wanda Maximoff: ... I used to think of myself one way. But after this
Wanda Maximoff: . I am something else. And still me, I think. But that's not what everyone else sees.
Vision: Do you know, I don't know what this is
Vision: . Not really. I know it's not of this world. But it powered Loki staff, gave you your abilities. But its true nature is a mystery. And yet, it is part of me.
Wanda Maximoff: Are you afraid of it?
Vision: I wish to understand it. The more I do the less it controls me. One day, who knows, I may even control it.
Wanda Maximoff: I don't know what's in this but it's not paprika. I'm gonna go to the store i'll be back in 20 minutes.
Vision: Alternatively, we could order a pizza?
Wanda Maximoff: Vision, are you not letting me leave?
Vision: ...It is a question of safety.
Wanda Maximoff: I can protect myself.
Vision: Not yours. Mr. Stark would like to avoid the possibility of another public incident. Until the Accords are a more secured foundation.
Wanda Maximoff: ...And what do you want?
Vision: For people to see you... as I do.
Captain America: This isn't gonna change what happened.
Iron Man: I don't care. He killed my mom.
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah.
Steve Rogers: You're alright?
Natasha Romanoff: Uh. Yeah. Thanks. I got lucky.
Natasha Romanoff: ... I know how much Barnes means to you. I really do... Stay home. You'll only make this worse for all of us. Please.
Steve Rogers: Are you saying you'll arrest me?
Natasha Romanoff: No... Someone will. If you interfere. That's how it works now.
Steve Rogers: If he's this far gone, Nat. I should be the one to bring him in.
Natasha Romanoff: Why?
Steve Rogers: Cause I'm the one least likely to die trying.
Tony Stark: You seem a little defensive.
Captain America: It's been a long day.
Tony Stark: At ease, Soldier. I'm not currently after you.
Captain America: Then why are you here?
Tony Stark: Could be your story's not so crazy. Maybe.
Everett K. Ross: Meals at 8 and 5. Toilet privileges twice a day. Raise your voice, zap. Touch the glass, zap. You step outta line, you deal with me. Please, step outta line.
Tony Stark: Why are you doing this, huh? What's your MO? I've got to know, what gets you out of that twin bed every morning?
Peter Parker: Because... because, I've been me my whole life, and I've had these powers for six months. I read books, I build computers, and I would love to play football, but I couldn't then so I shouldn't be able to now...
Tony Stark: Right, because you're different
Peter Parker: Yeah, but I can't tell anybody that, so I'm not.
Peter Parker: When you can do the things that I can, but you don't, and then the bad things happen? They happen because of you.
Iron Man: Ross doesn't know I'm here. I'd rather like to keep it that way, otherwise I gotta arrest myself.
Captain America: That sounds like a lot of paperwork.
Steve Rogers: Who else signed it?
Natasha Romanoff: Tony, Rhody, Vision.
Steve Rogers: Clint?
Natasha Romanoff: Said he's retired.
Steve Rogers: Wanda?
Natasha Romanoff: TBD... I'm off to Vienna for the signing of the Accords. There's plenty of room on the jet. Just because it's the path of least resistance doesn't mean it's the wrong path. Staying together is more important that how we stay together.
Steve Rogers: What are we giving up to do it?... Sorry, Nat. I can't sign it.
Natasha Romanoff: I know...
Steve Rogers: Well, then... what are you doing here?
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't want you to be alone.
Tony Stark: They're comin' for ya.
Natasha Romanoff: I'm not the one that needs to watch their back.
Zemo: An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumbles from within? That's dead... forever.
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: Secretary Ross has a Congressional Medal of Honor, which is one more than you have.
Sam Wilson: So let's say we agreed to this thing. How long is it gonna be before they lojack us like a bunch of common criminals?
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: 117 countries wanna sign this. 117, Sam, and you're just like, "Nah, it's cool."
Sam Wilson: How long are you gonna play both sides?
Vision: I have an equation.
Sam Wilson: Oh, this'll clear it up.
Vision: In the 8 years since Mr. Stark announced himself as Iron Man, the number of known enhanced persons has grown exponentially. And during the same period, a number of potentially world-ending events has risen at a commensurable rate.
Steve Rogers: Are you saying it's our fault?
Vision: I'm saying there may be a causality. Our very strength invites challenge. Challenge incites conflict. And conflict... breeds catastrophe. Oversight... Oversight is not an idea that can be dismissed out of hand.
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: Boom!
Natasha Romanoff: Tony? You are being uncharacteristically non-hyperverbal.
Steve Rogers: That's 'cause he's already made up his mind.
Tony Stark: Boy, you know me so well. Actually, I'm nursing an electromagnetic headache. That's what's going on, Cap. It's just pain. It's discomfort. Who's putting coffee grounds in the disposal? Am I running a Bed and Breakfast for a biker gang?
Tony Stark: Oh, that's Charles Spencer, by the way. He's a great kid. Computer engineering degree, 3.6 GPA. Had a floor-level gig, an intel plan for the fall. But first he wanted to put a few miles on his soul before he parked it behind a desk. See the world, maybe be of service. Charlie didn't wanna go to Vegas or Fort Lauderdale, which is what I would do. He didn't go to Paris or Amsterdam, which sounds fun. He decided to spend his summer building sustainable housing for the poor. Guess where: Sokovia. He wanted to make a difference, I suppose. I mean, we won't know because we dropped a building on him while we were kickin' ass... There's no decision-making process here. We need to be put in check! And whatever form that takes, I'm game. If we can't accept limitations, we're boundaryless, we're no better than the bad guys.
Steve Rogers: Tony, if someone dies on your watch, you don't give up.
Tony Stark: Who said we're giving up?
Steve Rogers: We are if we're not taking responsibility for our actions. This document just shifts the blame.
Lt. Col. James Rhodes: Sorry, Steve, that... that is dangerously arrogant. This is the United Nations we're talking about. It's not the World Security Council, it's not S.H.I.E.L.D., it's not Hydra.
Steve Rogers: No, but it's run by people with agendas and agendas change.
Tony Stark: That's good! That's why I'm here. When I realized what my weapons were capable of in the wrong hands, I shut it down. Stopped manufacturing.
Steve Rogers: Tony, you *chose* to do that. If we sign this, we surrender our right to choose. What if this panel sends us somewhere we don't think we should go? What if there's somewhere we need to go and they don't let us? We may not be perfect but the safest hands are still our own.
Tony Stark: If we don't do this now, it's gonna be done to us later. That's the fact. That won't be pretty.
Wanda Maximoff: You're saying they'll come for me.
Vision: We would protect you.
Natasha Romanoff: Maybe Tony's right. If we have one hand on the wheel, we can still steer. If we take it off...
Sam Wilson: Aren't you the same woman who told the government to kiss her ass a few years ago?
Tony Stark: I was wrong about you. The whole world was wrong about you.
Falcon: What do we do?
Captain America: We fight.
Bucky Barnes: We gotta go. That guy's probably in Siberia by now.
Captain America: We need to draw out the flyers... I'll take Vision. You get to the jet.
Falcon: No, you get to the jet! Both of you! The rest of us aren't getting out of here!
Hawkeye: As much as I hate to admit it, if we're gonna win this one, some of us might have to lose it.
Captain America: Alright, Sam. What's the plan?
Falcon: We need a diversion. Something big!
Ant-Man: I got something kinda big, but I can't hold it very long. On my signal, run like hell, and if I tear myself in half, don't come back for me.
Bucky Barnes: He's gonna tear himself in half?
Captain America: You sure about this, Scott?
Ant-Man: I do it all the time. I mean, once... In a lab. And I passed out.
Ant-Man: I'm the boss, I'm the boss, I'm the boss...
Zemo: Mission Report: December 16, 1991.
Howard Stark: You know, they say sarcasm is a metric for potential. If that's true, you'll be a great man some day.
Zemo: When S.H.I.E.L.D. fell, Black Widow released Hydra files to the public. Millions of pages. Much of it encrypted, not easy to decipher, but... I have experience... and patience. A man can do anything if he has those.
Steve Rogers: Are you sure about this?
Bucky Barnes: I can't trust my own mind.
T'Challa: Your friend and my father, they were both victims. If I can help one of them find peace...
May Parker: Who was it? Who hit you?
Peter Parker: Some guy... so itchy man, God.
May Parker: What's "some guy's" name?
Peter Parker: Uhh, Steve!
May Parker: Steve? From 12-C? With the overbite?
Peter Parker: No, no, no, you don't know him, he's from Brooklyn.
Peter Parker: Ouch.
May Parker: Well, I hope you got a few good licks in.
Peter Parker: Yeah, I got quite a few in actually.
May Parker: Okay.
Peter Parker: His friend was huge, like HUGE!
Peter Parker: That's way better, thank you.
May Parker: Okay, tough guy.
Peter Parker: Love you, May. Hey, can you shut the door?
Peter Parker: Title Card reads: Spider-Man will return
Bucky Barnes: What's gonna happen to your friends?
Captain America: Whatever it is... I'll deal with it.
Bucky Barnes: I don't know if I'm worth all this to you.
Captain America: What you did all those years, it wasn't you. You didn't have a choice.
Bucky Barnes: I know... but I did it.
Steve Rogers: You know if they find out he's here, they'll come for him.
T'Challa: Let them try.
Captain America: Do you know me?
Bucky Barnes: You're Steve. I read about you at the museum.
Captain America: I know you're nervous and you have plenty of reason to be, but you're lying.
Bucky Barnes: I wasn't in Vienna. I don't do that anymore.
Captain America: Well, the people who think you did are coming here now and they're not planning on taking you alive.
Bucky Barnes: That's smart. Good strategy.
Captain America: This doesn't have end in a fight, Buck.
Bucky Barnes: It always ends in a fight.
Everett K. Ross: So how does it feel? To spend all that time, all that effort, and to see it fail so spectacularly?
Zemo: Did it?
Spider-Man: Whoa, no, I'm not done, I've gotta get him back!
Iron Man: You're going home, or I'm calling Aunt May! You're DONE!
Spider-Man: Wait, Mr. Stark! I'm not done, I'm not...
Spider-Man: Okay, I'm done.
Natasha Romanoff: You could at least recognize me!
Steve Rogers: Tony, we used to be a family.
Tony Stark: I don't care.
Tony Stark: I saw how dangerous my weapons were in the wrong hands, so I took control.
Steve Rogers: You chose to do that. If we sign these accords, it takes away our right to choose.
Clint Barton: You gotta watch your back with this guy!
Clint Barton: There's a chance he's gonna break it!
Zemo: I've thought about nothing else for over a year. I studied you, I followed you, but now that you're standing here I just realized... there's a bit of green in the blue of your eyes.
Zemo: How nice to find a flaw.
Brock Rumlow: You know he knew you. Your pal, your buddy, your Bucky.
Captain America: What did you say?
Brock Rumlow: He remembered you. I was there. He got all weepy about it 'til they put his brain back in a blender. He wanted you to know something. He said to me, ''Please tell Rogers... When you gotta go, you gotta go.'' And you're comin' with me.
Scott Lang: Does anybody have any orange slices?
Tony Stark: You chose the wrong side.
King T'Chaka: Our people's blood is spilled on foreign soil. Not only because of the actions of criminals, but by the indifference of those pledged to stop them. Victory at the expense of the innocent is no victory at all.
T'Challa: Two people in a room can get more done than a hundred.
King T'Chaka: Unless you need to move a piano.
Hawkeye: As much as I hate to admit it, if we're going to win this fight, some of us might have to lose it.
Sam Wilson: Where'd they find this guy?
FedEx Driver: Are you 'Tony... Stank'?
Lieutenant James Rhodes: Yes. This is... this is Tony Stank. You're in the right place. Thank you for that!
Lieutenant James Rhodes: Never dropping that, by the way.
Lieutenant James Rhodes: Table for one, Mr. Stank. Please by the bathroom.
Tony Stark: We need to be put in check. Whatever form that takes, I'm game.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Huh. Five years ago, I had a heart attack. I dropped right in the middle of my backswing. Turned out it was the best round of my life because after thirteen hours of surgery and a triple bypass, I have found something forty years in the army had never taught me... perspective. The world owes the Avengers an unpayable debt. You have fought for us, protected us, risked your lives. But while a great many people see you as heroes, there are some who would prefer the word "vigilantes".
Natasha Romanoff: And what word would you use, Mr. Secretary?
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: How about "dangerous"? What would you call a group of US based, enhanced individuals who routinely ignore sovereign borders and inflict their will wherever they choose and who, frankly, seem unconcerned with what they leave behind? New York, Washington D.C., Sokovia, Lagos...
Steve Rogers: Okay. That's enough.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: In the past four years, you've operated with unlimited power and no supervision. That's an arrangement the governments of the world can no longer tolerate.
Brock Rumlow: You know, I think I look pretty good, all things considered.
Steve Rogers: I'm not getting that shield back, am I?
Natasha Romanoff: Technically it's the government's property. The wings, too.
Sam Wilson: That's cold.
Tony Stark: Warmer than jail!
Natasha Romanoff: You know what's about to happen. Do you really wanna punch your way out of this?
Maria Stark: Be nice, dear. He's been studying abroad.
Howard Stark: Really, which broad?
Captain America: You're Sokovian. Is that what this is about?
Zemo: Sokovia was a failed state long before you blew it to hell. No. I'm here because I made a promise.
Captain America: You lost someone.
Zemo: I lost everyone. And so will you.
Miriam: They say there is a correlation between generosity and guilt.
Howard Stark: Sergeant Barnes?
Steve Rogers: What about a lawyer?
Everett K. Ross: Lawyer, that's funny. See their weapons are placed in lockup. We'll write you a receipt.
Sam Wilson: I better not look out the window and see anybody flying around in that.
Tony Stark: Who else knows, anybody?
Spider-Man: Nobody.
Tony Stark: Not even your unusualy attractive aunt.
Bucky Barnes: What the hell is that?
Sam Wilson: Everyone's got a gimmick now!
Captain America: All right, Sam. What's the play?
Falcon: We need a diversion. Something big.
Ant-Man: I got something kinda big. But I can't hold it very long. On my signal, run like hell. And if I tear myself in half, don't come back for me.
Bucky Barnes: He's gonna tear himself in half?
Captain America: You sure about this, Scott?
Ant-Man: I do it all the time. I mean, once. In a lab. Then I passed out. I'm the boss, I'm the boss, I'm the boss. I'm the boss!
Spider-Man: Holy shit!
War Machine: Okay, tiny dude is big now. He's big now.
Captain America: I guess that's the signal.
Falcon: Way to go, Tic Tac!
Iron Man: Give me back my Rhodey.
Bucky Barnes: I am not the only Winter Soldier.
Friday: You can't beat him hand-to-hand!
Iron Man: Analyze his fight pattern!
Friday: Scanning... Countermeasures ready.
Iron Man: Let's kick his ass!
Ant-Man: Look, I really don't want to hurt you.
Black Widow: I wouldn't stress about it.
Tony Stark: If we don't do this, it will be done to us.
King T'Chaka: When stolen Wakandan vibranium was used to make a terrible weapon, we in Wakanda were forced to question our legacy. Those men and women killed in Nigeria were part of a goodwill mission from a country too long in the shadows. We will not however, let misfortune drive us back. We will fight to improve the world we wish to join.
Steve Rogers: Who are you? What do you want?
Zemo: To see an empire fall.
Sam Wilson: How long are you gonna play both sides?
Karpov: Longing. Rusted. Seventeen. Daybreak. Furnace. Nine. Benign. Homecoming. One. Freight Car.
Karpov: Good morning, Soldier.
Vision: Captain Rogers! I know you believe what you are doing is right, but for the collective good, you must surrender now.
Black Widow: Thank you.
Sam Wilson: Don't thank me.
Black Widow: I'm not thanking that.
Sam Wilson: Aw, come on. Touch it, give it a kiss.
Iron Man: Let go of my rhodey!
Black Panther: Move, Captain. I won't ask a second time.
Clint Barton: Buckled in?
Ant-Man: Yeah. No, I'm good. I'm good Arrow Guy. Let's go, let's go!
Wanda Maximoff: What about the gas?
Steve Rogers: Get it out.
Crossbones: There you are, you son of a bitch. I've been waiting for this!
Security Chief: Move, or you will be moved.
Scott Lang: Does anyone have any orange slices?
Iron Man: My left arm is numb. Is that normal?
Black Widow: Maybe Tony's right. If we have one hand on the wheel, we can still drive. If we take it off...
Sam Wilson: Aren't you the same woman who told the government to kiss her ass a few years ago?
Black Widow: I'm just... I'm reading the terrain. We have made some very public mistakes. We need to win their trust back.
Iron Man: Focus up. I'm sorry... did I just mishear you or did you just agree with me?
Black Widow: Oh I want to take it back now.
Iron Man: No, no no. You can't retract it.
Captain America: How about our other recruit?
Hawkeye: He's rarin' to go. Had to put a little coffee in him, but... he should be good.
Scott Lang: What time zone is this?
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Stark? Did he give you anything on Rogers?
Iron Man: Nope. Told me to go to hell. I'm going back to the compound instead, but you can call me anytime. I'll put you on hold, I like to watch the line blink.
Iron Man: Stand down. Last warning.
Captain America: I could do this all day.
Falcon: You're the good cop, now?
Iron Man: I'm just the guy who needs to know where Steve went.
Falcon: Well, you'd better go get a bad cop, because you're gonna have to go Mark Furhman on my ass to get information out of me.
Friday: Targeting systems knackered, boss.
Hawkeye: Okay, we gotta go. It's this way.
Wanda Maximoff: I've caused enough problems.
Hawkeye: You gotta help me, Wanda. Look, you wanna mope, can go to high school. You wanna make amends, you get off your ass.
Miriam: I work for the State Department. Human Resources. I know it's boring, but it enabled me to raise a son. I'm very proud of what he grew up to be.
Miriam: HIs name was Charlie Spencer. You murdered him. In Sokovia. Not that that matters in the least to you. You think you fight for us? You just fight for yourself. Who's going to avenge my son, Stark? He's dead... and I blame you.
Natasha Romanoff: Steve's not gonna stop. If you don't either, Rhodey's gonna be the best-case scenario.
Tony Stark: You let them go, Nat.
Natasha Romanoff: We played this wrong.
Tony Stark: We? Boy, it must be hard to shake the whole double agent thing, huh? It sticks in the DNA.
Natasha Romanoff: Are you incapable of letting go of your ego for one god damn second?
Steve Rogers: All right, what do you see?
Wanda Maximoff: Standard beat cops. Small station. Quiet street. It's a good target.
Steve Rogers: There's an ATM on the south corner, which means?
Wanda Maximoff: Cameras.
Steve Rogers: Both cross-streets are one-way.
Wanda Maximoff: So, compromised escape routes.
Steve Rogers: Means our guy doesn't care about being seen. He isn't afraid to make a mess on the way out. You see that Range Rover halfway up the block?
Wanda Maximoff: Yeah, the red one? It's cute.
Natasha Romanoff: It's also bulletproof, which means private security, which means more guns, which means more headaches for somebody. Probably us.
Wanda Maximoff: You guys know I can move things with my mind, right?
Steve Rogers: Eyes on target, folks. This is the best lead we've had on Rumlow in six months. I don't want to lose him.
Falcon: If he sees us coming, that won't be a problem. He kind of hates us.
Steve Rogers: Sam... see that garbage truck? Tag it.
Falcon: Give me x-ray.
Falcon: That truck's loaded for max weight. And the driver's armed.
Natasha Romanoff: It's a battering ram.
Steve Rogers: Go now.
Wanda Maximoff: What?
Steve Rogers: He's not hitting the police.
Wanda Maximoff: It's my fault.
Steve Rogers: That's not true.
Wanda Maximoff: Turn the TV back on. They're being very specific.
Steve Rogers: I should've clocked that bomb vest long before you had to deal with it.
Zemo: HYDRA deserves its place on the ash heap. So your death would not bother me. But I'd have to use this book... and other bloodier methods to find what I need. I don't look forward to that. You'd only be dying for... your pride.
T'Challa: I suppose neither of us is used to the spotlight.
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, well, it's not always so flattering.
T'Challa: You seem to be doing all right so far. Considering your last trip to Capitol Hill, I wouldn't think you'd be particularly comfortable in this company.
Natasha Romanoff: Well, I'm not.
T'Challa: And that alone makes me glad you are here, Ms. Romanoff.
Natasha Romanoff: Why? You don't approve of all this?
T'Challa: The Accords, yes. The politics, not really.
Sharon Carter: My mom tried to talk me out of enlisting, but, um, not Aunt Peggy. She bought me my first thigh holster.
Steve Rogers: Very practical.
Sharon Carter: And stylish.
Steve Rogers: CIA has you stationed over here now?
Sharon Carter: Berlin. Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Steve Rogers: Right. Right. Sounds fun.
Sharon Carter: I know, right?
Steve Rogers: I've been meaning to ask you. When you were spying on me from across the hall...
Sharon Carter: You mean when I was doing my job.
Steve Rogers: Did Peggy know?
Sharon Carter: She kept so many secrets. I didn't want her to have one from you.
War Machine: Congratulations, Cap. You're a criminal.
War Machine: Your Highness.
Steve Rogers: Why would the Task Force release this photo to begin with?
Sharon Carter: Get the word out, involve as many eyes as we can?
Steve Rogers: Right. It's a good way to flush a guy out of hiding. Set off a bomb, get your picture taken. Get seven billion people looking for the Winter Soldier.
Sharon Carter: You're saying someone framed him to find him?
Sam Wilson: Steve, we looked for the guy for two years and found nothing.
Steve Rogers: We didn't bomb the UN. That turns a lot of heads.
Sharon Carter: Yeah, but that doesn't guarantee that whoever framed him would get him. It guarantees that we would.
Steve Rogers: Yeah.
Zemo: Tell me, Bucky. You've seen a great deal, haven't you?
Bucky Barnes: I don't wanna talk about it.
Zemo: You fear that if you open your mouth, the horrors might never stop. Don't worry. We only have to talk about one.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: I don't suppose you have any idea where they are?
Tony Stark: We will. GSG 9's got the borders covered. Recon's flying 24/7. They'll get a hit. We'll handle it.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You don't get it, Stark. It's not yours to handle. It's clear you can't be objective. I'm putting Special Ops on this.
Natasha Romanoff: What happens when the shooting starts? What, do you kill Steve Rogers?
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: If we're provoked. Barnes would've been eliminated in Romania if it wasn't for Rogers. There are dead people who would be alive now. Feel free to check my math.
Tony Stark: All due respect, you're not gonna solve this with boys and bullets, Ross. You gotta let us bring them in.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: How would that end any differently than last time?
Tony Stark: Because this time, I won't be wearing loafters and a silk shirt. 72 hours, guaranteed.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: 36 hours. Barnes. Rogers. Wilson.
Tony Stark: 36 hours. Jeez.
Natasha Romanoff: We're seriously understaffed.
Tony Stark: Oh, yeah. It'd be great if we had a Hulk right about now. Any shot?
Natasha Romanoff: You really think he'd be on our side?
Tony Stark: No.
Natasha Romanoff: I have an idea.
Tony Stark: Me, too. Where's yours?
Natasha Romanoff: Downstairs. Where's yours?
Clint Barton: Guess I shoulda knocked.
Wanda Maximoff: Oh, my god! What are you doing here?
Clint Barton: Disappointing my kids. I'm supposed to go waterskiing. Cap needs our help. Come on.
Sharon Carter: Not sure you understand the concept of a getaway car.
Steve Rogers: It's low-profile.
Sharon Carter: Good, because this stuff tends to draw a crowd.
Steve Rogers: I owe you again.
Sharon Carter: Keeping a list.
Sharon Carter: You know, he kinda tried to kill me.
Steve Rogers: Sorry. I'll put it on the list, too. They're gonna come looking for you.
Sharon Carter: I know.
Steve Rogers: Thank you, Sharon.
Sharon Carter: That was...
Steve Rogers: Late.
Sharon Carter: Damn right.
Clint Barton: Cap.
Steve Rogers: You know I wouldn't have called if I had any other choice.
Clint Barton: Hey, man, you're doing me a favor. Besides, I owe a debt.
Steve Rogers: Thanks for having my back.
Wanda Maximoff: It was time to get off my ass.
Bucky Barnes: We should get moving.
Clint Barton: We got a chopper lined up.
Bucky Barnes: They're evacuating the airport.
Sam Wilson: Stark.
Scott Lang: Stark?
Steve Rogers: Suit up.
Tony Stark: Ross gave me 36 hours to bring you in. That was 24 hours ago. Can you help a brother out?
Captain America: You're after the wrong guy.
Tony Stark: Your judgment is askew. Your old war buddy killed innocent people yesterday.
Captain America: And there are five more supersoldiers just like him. I can't let the doctor find them first, Tony. I can't.
Tony Stark: All right, we're done. You're gonna turn Barnes over, you're gonna come with us, now, because it's us, or a squad of J-SOC guys with no compunction about being impolite.
Spider-Man: Hey, guys, something...
War Machine: Whoa. What-what the hell was that?
Ant-Man: I believe this is yours, Captain America.
Iron Man: All right, there's two on the parking deck. One of them's Maximoff. I'm gonna grab her. Rhodey, you wanna take Cap?
War Machine: Got two in the terminal, Wilson and Barnes.
Black Panther: Barnes is mine.
Spider-Man: Hey, Mr. Stark, what should I do?
Iron Man: What we discussed. Keep your distance, web 'em up.
Spider-Man: Okay, copy that.
War Machine: Sorry, Cap, this won't kill you, but it ain't gonna tickle, either.
Iron Man: Wanda, I think you hurt Vision's feelings.
Wanda Maximoff: You locked me in my room.
Iron Man: Okay, first, that's an exaggeration. Second, I did it to protect you. Hey, Clint.
Hawkeye: Hey, man.
Ant-Man: Hey, Cap, heads up!
Ant-Man: Throw it at this. Now!
War Machine: Oh, come on!
Natasha Romanoff: Is this part of the plan?
Iron Man: Well, my plan was go easy on them. You wanna switch it up?
Friday: The Task Force called for a psychiatrist as soon as Barnes was captured. The UN dispatched Dr. Theo Broussard from Geneva within the hour. He was met by this man.
Tony Stark: Did you run facial recognition yet?
Friday: What do I look like?
Tony Stark: Uh, I don't know. I've been picturing a redhead.
Friday: You must be thinking of someone else.
Tony Stark: Must be.
Friday: The fake doctor is actually Colonel Helmut Zemo. Sokovian Intelligence. Zemo ran Echo Scorpion, a Sokovian covert kill squad.
Tony Stark: So what happened to the real Broussard?
Friday: He was found dead in a Berlin hotel room. Where police also found a wig and facial prosthesis approximating the appearance of one James Buchanan Barnes.
Tony Stark: Son of a bitch. Get this to Ross.
Friday: Yes, boss.
Tony Stark: Well, I just knocked the "A" out of their AV. We got about thirty seconds before they realize it's not their equipment.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: What'd you do? Get it back up!
Tony Stark: Just look. Because that...
Tony Stark: ...is the fellow who was supposed to interrogate Barnes. Clearly, I made a mistake. Sam, I was wrong.
Sam Wilson: That's a first.
Tony Stark: Cap is definitely off the reservation, but he's about to need all the help he can get. We don't know each other very well. You don't have to...
Sam Wilson: Hey, it's all right.
Sam Wilson: Look, I'll tell you. But you have to go alone and as a friend.
Tony Stark: Easy.
Zemo: If it's any comfort, they died in their sleep. Did you really think I wanted more of you?
Bucky Barnes: What the hell?
Zemo: I'm grateful to them, though. They brought you here.
Zemo: Please, Captain. The Soviets built this chamber to withstand the launch blast of UR-100 rockets.
Iron Man: I'm betting I could beat that.
Zemo: Oh, I'm sure you could, Mr. Stark. Given time. But then you'd never know why you came.
Captain America: You killed innocent people in Vienna just to bring us here?     