
Mete Yüzbasi: If you sleep, you'll die. If you sleep, everyone will die.
Mete Yüzbasi: If you die here, some fancy dressed people will report your loss on the TV. For 2 minutes! No, not even 2 minutes, 45 seconds. 45 seconds and that's all you will ever get.
Ibo: I timed it sergeant, it's actually 57 seconds.
Ilker cavus: What's 57 seconds?
Ibo: Our death report, on the news. Captain Mete had told us it would be 45 seconds, it's actually 57 seconds.
Mete Yüzbasi: Have you ever been in a fight lieutenant? Do you know how Kanas sounds? First you hear a slight whistle and then boom.
Mete Yüzbasi: If you get to her that, it means you're good. But those who can't, tough luck.
Doktor: See that captain? I tore your station down.
Mete Yüzbasi: I can still see the roof Doktor.
Mete Yüzbasi: Love is too small for big cities.
Mete Yüzbasi: Have you ever asked for a loan soldier? I did, banks didn't give me any. They expected me to own something but I didn't. Here I am, responsible for 39 soldiers and mountains and valleys and the sky as far as your eyes can see. But they don't see it as ownership. Because I don't have your deeds, you can't have deeds of people.
Mete Yüzbasi: We make them run so that they wouldn't complain about walking.
Baris usttegmen: She is severely wounded captain, we have to get her out. We need to call the helicopter.
Mete Yüzbasi: Where do you think you are? In the United States Army? We can't call helicopters for every wounded person. Do what you have to do, we can't get her out.
Ibo: Fuck the grocer!
Mete Yüzbasi: Orhan had a wife, two kids and he had recently bought a car. He never got to see his car you know? They bought it when he was on tour. But he never came back. That is the man I cared the most in life soldier. He couldn't leave anything behind but a widow and two orphans. Oh and a car of course.
Ilker cavus: Your medicine sir.
Mete Yüzbasi: I don't need it any more sergeant.
Ilker cavus: Sir?
Mete Yüzbasi: You know why I was taking them? I can't have kids sergeant, that's what they were about. But I don't think I will ever get out of here. I won't take them any more. Orhan didn't make it back, I won't make it back either.
Mete Yüzbasi: Was it so hard to tell her I love you? Only 8 letters, was it so hard?
Ibo: Have you ever been in action sir?
Ilker cavus: No, never seen action.
Ibo: Have you ever been in love?
Ilker cavus: Maybe when we go back Ibo, it's all about fate.
Soldier: I threw them hand grenades, I ran out of hand grenades. My launcher is useless. One of the machine guns is not working. It is not working. Everything depends on you. My men are down.
Telsizci cavus sedat: Someone is coming? Some man is coming!
Mete Yüzbasi: Take shelter now!
Orhan: Sir get down
Mete Yüzbasi: Fire!     