
John Anderton: Why'd you catch that?
Danny Witwer: Because it was going to fall.
John Anderton: You're certain?
Danny Witwer: Yeah.
John Anderton: But it didn't fall. You caught it. The fact that you prevented it from happening doesnt change the fact that it was *going* to happen.
Dr. Iris Hineman: Sometimes, in order to see the light, you have to risk the dark.
Agatha: He knows, don't go home.
John Anderton: I'd like to keep the old ones.
Dr. Solomon: Why?
John Anderton: Because my mother gave them to me.
John Anderton: No doubt the precogs have already seen this.
Lamar Burgess: No doubt.
John Anderton: You see the dilemma don't you. If you don't kill me, precogs were wrong and precrime is over. If you do kill me, you go away, but it proves the system works. The precogs were right. So, what are you going to do now? What's it worth? Just one more murder? You'll rot in hell with a halo, but people will still believe in precrime. All you have to do is kill me like they said you would. Except you know your own future, which means you can change it if you want to. You still have a choice Lamar. Like I did.
Officer Fletcher: John, don't run.
John Anderton: You don't have to chase me.
Officer Fletcher: You don't have to run.
John Anderton: Everybody runs, Fletch.
Wally the Caretaker: I like you chief, you've always been nice to me. I'll give you two minutes before I hit the alarm.
Lycon: In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Agatha: Think about all the lives that little girl has saved.
Lamar Burgess: Think about all the lives that little girl has saved, think about all the lives she will save, that little girl could have saved Sean.
John Anderton: Don't you *ever* say his name!
Arthur: You used the memory of my dead son to set me up.
John Anderton: You used the memory of my dead son to set me up! That was the one thing you knew would drive me to murder.
Dashiell: What are you going to do now, Lamar?
John Anderton: What're you going to do now, Lamar?
Arthur: How are you...
John Anderton: ...going to shut me up?
Dashiell: I'm sorry, John.
Gideon: Careful, Chief. Dig up the past, all you get is dirty.
John Anderton: What does he think about your chosen line of work?
Danny Witwer: I don't know. He was shot and killed when I was 15 on the steps of our church in Dublin. I know what it's like to lose someone close, John. 'Course, nothing is like the loss of a child. I don't have any children of my own, so I can only imagine what that must've been like. To lose your son - in such a public place like that. At least now you and I have the chance to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen to anyone...
John Anderton: Why don't you cut the cute act, Danny boy, and tell me exactly what it is you're looking for?
Danny Witwer: Flaws.
John Anderton: There hasn't been a murder in 6 years. There's nothing wrong with the system, it is perfect.
Danny Witwer: - perfect. I agree. But if there's a flaw, it's human. It always is.
Dr. Iris Hineman: It's funny how all living organisms are alike...
Dr. Iris Hineman: ...when the chips are down, when the pressure is on, every creature on the face of the Earth is interested in one thing and one thing only.
Dr. Iris Hineman: Its own survival.
John Anderton: It's too fast. Slow it down.
Rufus Riley: How do I slow this down, I should hit her on the head?
John Anderton: In 2054, the six-year Precrime experiment was abandoned. All prisoners were unconditionally pardoned and released, though police departments kept watch on many of them for years to come. Agatha and the twins were transferred to an undisclosed location, a place where they could find relief from their gifts. A place where they could live out their lives in peace.
Agatha: Dr. Hineman once said, "The dead don't die. They look on and help." Remember that, John.
John Anderton: Agatha...
Agatha: Sean... He's on the beach now, a toe in the water. He's asking you to come in with him. He's been racing his mother up and down the sand. There's so much love in this house. He's ten years old. He's surrounded by animals. He wants to be a vet. You keep a rabbit for him, a bird and a fox. He's in high school. He likes to run, like his father. He runs the two-mile and the long relay. He's 23. He's at a university. He makes love to a pretty girl named Claire. He asks her to be his wife. He calls here and tells Lara, who cries. He still runs. Across the university and in the stadium, where John watches. Oh God, he's running so fast, just like his daddy. He sees his daddy. He wants to run to him. But he's only six years old, and he can't do it. And the other men are so fast. There was so much love in this house.
John Anderton: I want him back so bad.
Agatha: So did she. Can't you see? She just wanted her little girl back. But it was too late. Her little girl was already gone.
John Anderton: She's still alive.
Agatha: She didn't die, but she's not alive.
John Anderton: Agatha, just tell me, who killed your mother? Who killed Anne Lively?
Agatha: I'm sorry John, but you're gonna have to run again.
John Anderton: What?
Agatha: RUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!
Cyber Parlor Customer: I wanna kill my boss.
Rufus Riley: Uh-huh, okay. You got some images I can work with?
Rufus Riley: ... Uh, yeah, being concertmaster for the Philadelphia Symphony is one of our most popular choices...
Cyber Parlor Customer: No, I wanna kill my boss.
Rufus Riley: You sick bastard! You're what makes this a terrible world to live in!
Lara Anderton: Lamar Burgess: Listen, I'll tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence. And I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman by the name of - what did you say her name was?
Lara Anderton: Lara Anderton: Anne Lively
Lara Anderton: ... but I never said she drowned.
John Anderton: Everyday for the last six years I've thought of only two things. The first is what Sean would look like if he were alive today, if I would recognize him if I saw him on the street, the second is what I would do to the man who took him if I ever found him. You're right... I'm not being set up.
Agatha: You have to take me home.
John Anderton: No. You said so yourself. There is no minority report, I don't have an alternate future. I am going to kill this man.
Dr. Iris Hineman: Find the minority report.
John Anderton: How do I even know which one has it?
Dr. Iris Hineman: It's always in the more gifted of the three.
John Anderton: Which one is it?
Dr. Iris Hineman: The female.
GAP Sign: Hello Mr. Yakamoto and welcome back to the GAP!
John Anderton: *Mr. Yakamoto?*
John Anderton: Where's my Minority Report?
John Anderton: DO I EVEN HAVE ONE?
John Anderton: Do I have one?
Agatha: No.
Lara Anderton: How do you take your coffee?
Danny Witwer: Cream and sugar.
Lara Anderton: I don't have any cream, sorry.
Danny Witwer: Just sugar, then. You and John ever come here?
Lara Anderton: We used to.
Danny Witwer: He's not here now is he?
Lara Anderton: Danny Witwer: I had to ask.
Lara Anderton: I don't have any sugar, either.
Danny Witwer: Lamar thinks you left John because he lost himself in Precrime instead of you.
Lara Anderton: I left him, because everytime I looked at him, I saw my son. Everytime time I got close to him, I smelled my little boy. That's why I left him. And now you can leave.
Agatha: Is this now?
John Anderton: That's all, huh? Just walk right into Precrime, go in the Temple, somehow tap into these Precogs, and then download this Minority Report.
Dr. Iris Hineman: If you have one.
John Anderton: And then walk out.
Dr. Iris Hineman: Actually, I think you'll have to run out, but yes, that is what you have to do.
John Anderton: Mr. Marks, by mandate of the District of Columbia Precrime Division, I'm placing you under arrest for the future murder of Sarah Marks and Donald Dubin that was to take place today, April 22 at 0800 hours and four minutes.
Agatha: You still have a choice.
Dr. Iris Hineman: The Precogs are never wrong. But, occasionally... they do disagree.
Danny Witwer: Looks like we won't be working together after all, John. Now put the gun down. I don't hear a red ball.
Rufus Riley: Are you reading my mind right now?
John Anderton: Get up.
Rufus Riley: I'm sorry for whatever I'm going to do and I swear I didn't do any of that stuff I did.
Danny Witwer: This is a murder of a woman named Anne Livley.
Lamar Burgess: You got this from containment?
Danny Witwer: Yes. This is from the twins, Arthur and Dashiell. Agatha's datastream is missing.
Danny Witwer: This is from the Cyber Parlor.
Danny Witwer: Anderton dowloaded this directly from Agatha, and Rufus Riley recorded it.
Lamar Burgess: It's the same prevision.
Danny Witwer: Not quite.
Danny Witwer: Watch the wave action across the water. Watch the ripples. Moving
Danny Witwer: *away* from shore.
Danny Witwer: This is from containment what Art and Dash saw.
Danny Witwer: The wind has changed. The ripples are moving the other way.
Danny Witwer: This murder is taking place at 2 different times. The sentry has said that Anderton was actually watching this in containment right before he was tagged.
Lamar Burgess: Yes, yes. He came to me and told me about the missing prevision. He was afraid that you might find it.
Danny Witwer: He was right. I *did* find it. But one question remains: Why would somebody want this erased from the data file?
Lamar Burgess: Danny. Tell me. What are you thinking?
Danny Witwer: I'm thinking somebody got away with murder.
Lamar Burgess: I don't understand.
Danny Witwer: Well, Jad told me that sometimes the Pre-Cogs see the same murder more than once.
Lamar Burgess: It's called an "echo".
Danny Witwer: Jad calls it "Pre-Cog Deja Vu".
Lamar Burgess: Yes. The Pre-Cog technician finds these echoes and disregard them.
Danny Witwer: Yes, but um... what if the technician only *thought* that he was looking at an echo? What if he was really looking at was a completely different murder altogether?
Lamar Burgess: Uh, I don't understand.
Danny Witwer: All you have to do is hire someone to kill Anne Livley for you, someone like a drifter, a neuroin addict, somebody with nothing to lose. Pre-Crime stops the murder from taking place, Halos the killer, takes him away but then, right then someone else that has viewed the pre-vision. Dresses in the same clothes, commits the murder in *exactly* the same way. Technician takes a look, *thinks* he's looking at an echo, erases it.
Danny Witwer: Of course, this would have to be somebody with access to the previsions in the first place. Someone *fairly* high-up...
Lamar Burgess: You know what I hear Danny? Nothing. No footsteps up the stairs, no jet out of the window, no clickeyty-click of the little spiders. Do you know why I can't hear those things Danny? Because right now, the Pre-Cogs can't see a thing.
Agatha: Can you see?
John Anderton: I'm not being set up. I really am going to kill this man.
John Anderton: 25.26 seconds. That's a new record.
Younger Sean: Is it a world record.
John Anderton: Is it a world? It's your personal best.
Younger Sean: Let's try you.
John Anderton: What? Are you kidding me? There is no way that I can beat 25.26 seconds.
Younger Sean: How long can a whale hold it's breath underwater?
John Anderton: A whale can hold it's breath for about 20 minutes.
Younger Sean: You gotta beat the whale.
John Anderton: Here we go Sean. It could take 20 minutes, are you sure you don't want to get some ice cream or something?
Younger Sean: No. Ready dad?
John Anderton: Ready.
John Anderton: Sean? Sean? Sean?
John Anderton: Have you seen my son, have you seen a kid in a red bathing suit? Sean? Have you seen my son, he was wearing a red bathing suit? Sean?
John Anderton: SEEEAAANNN!
John Anderton: You have the right to remain slient. Anything you do and say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have a right to an attorney. If you can't afford an attorney, we will appoint one. Do you understand these rights?
Leo Crow: You're not gonna kill me?
John Anderton: Do you understand these... rights?
Leo Crow: Listen, if you don't go through with this my family gets nothing, okay? You're supposed to kill me. Just like he said he would.
John Anderton: He? Who's he?
Leo Crow: I don't know. He called in my cell, and he said I would be released and if I went along and my family will be taken care of.
John Anderton: If you did what? If you did what?
Leo Crow: If I acted like I killed your kid. If you don't kill me my family gets nothing.
John Anderton: Leo, tell me. Who was it that sets this up?
Leo Crow: I don't know.
Leo Crow: Come on!
John Anderton: Tell me, who was it that set this up?
Leo Crow: I haven't seen his face. If I tell you who it is, my family gets nothing
Leo Crow: Kill me, kill me, kill me.
John Anderton: Let go, let go. Leo, let go of the gun, Leo let go of the gun. It's okay, it's okay, let go of the gun
John Anderton: You're not gonna kill me?
John Anderton: Good bye, Crow.
Leo Crow: Anderton, wait!
John Anderton: He set me up. He set me up.
Wally the Caretaker: You're not allowed in here - who are you? Do I know you?
John Anderton: Listen, Wally - I like you. So, I don't wanna have to kick you or hit you with anything hard, but only if you promise to help me.
Wally the Caretaker: ...Oh, hi, John.
Lamar Burgess: My father once told me, "We don't choose the things we believe in; they choose us."
John Anderton: Why should I trust you?
Dr. Iris Hineman: You shouldn't. You shouldn't trust anyone. Certainly not the Attorney General who just wants it all for himself, and not the young Federal agent, who wants your job. Not even the old man who just wants to hold on to what he created. Don't trust anyone. Just find the Minority Report.
Agatha: Murder.
John Anderton: Is he alive? He's alive. Where've you got him? Is he all right?
John Anderton: Tell me, you fuck, where is he?
Director Burgess: Who's the victim?
John Anderton: Somebody.
Director Burgess: Who?
John Anderton: Somebody. Leo Crow.
Director Burgess: Who is he?
John Anderton: I have no idea! I've never heard of him! But I'm supposed to kill him in less than thirty-six hours.
John Anderton: My God, I forgot there were so many.
Gideon: And just think, they'd all be out there killing people if it wasn't for you. Look at how peaceful they all are. But on the inside...
Gideon: busy busy busy.
Agatha: I'm sorry, John, but you're going to have to run again.
Leo Crow: You're not going to kill me.
John Anderton: Goodbye, Crow.
John Anderton: Don't you ever say his name.
Dr. Iris Hineman: You'd better drink this. Soon you won't be able to swallow, and then you'll be totally buggered.
John Anderton: You set your patients on fire.
Dr. Solomon: I put 'em out.
Lara Anderton: I'd like a word with my husband.
Gideon: You're not authorized. How did you get in here?
John Anderton: Any contractions ?
Casey: Only the ones you give me!
Dr. Iris Hineman: I call it a gift, for them it was more like a big cosmic joke.
Dr. Solomon: For true enlightenment there is nothing like... well, let's just say taking a shower while this large fellow with an attitude you couldn't knock down with a hammer, that keeps whispering in your ear: Oh nancy, Oh nancy. Now that was a lot of fun, thank you so very much John for putting me in there, thank you so very much for giving me an opportunity to get to know myself much better.
Danny Witwer: You're in a lot of trouble, John.
John Anderton: You set me up.
Danny Witwer: I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you've been doping on...
John Anderton: Well, I...
Danny Witwer: Easy. Easy. It seems I found a flaw.
John Anderton: What are you gonna do?
Danny Witwer: Possession alone will cost you six months, not to mention your badge. I guess we won't be working together after all. Now, put the gun down, John. I don't hear a red ball.
Danny Witwer: Now, put the gun down, John. I don't hear a red ball.
Officer Fletcher: John, don't run.
John Anderton: You don't have to chase me.
Danny Witwer: I worked homicide before federal. This is what we call an orgy of evidence. You know how many orgies I had as a homicide cop?
Officer Fletcher: How many?
Danny Witwer: None.
Danny Witwer: This was all arranged.
John Anderton: There hasn't been a murder in six years. The system, it is perfect.
John Anderton: Why don't you cut the cute act, Danny boy, and tell me what it is you're looking for?
Danny Witwer: Flaws.
John Anderton: There hasn't been a murder in six years. There's nothing wrong with this system it is...
Danny Witwer: Perfect I agree, but there's a flaw. It's human.
John Anderton: Rough landing... have to work on that.
Officer Fletcher: Yeah, it's this shit knee of mine.
Dr. Solomon: Never scratch.
Agatha: You can choose...
Danny Witwer: He came to see you the other day right before he was tagged. What did you talk about?
Lamar Burgess: The Mets. John doesn't think they have a deep enough pitching roster this year, and I'm inclined to...
Danny Witwer: Why are you protecting him?
Pre-Crime Public Service Announcer: Imagine, a world with out, murder. 6 years ago, the homicidal rates had reached epidemic proportions. It seemed that only a miracle could stop the blood shed, but instead of 1 miracle, we were given 3, the precognitives. Within 3 months of the precrime program, the homicidal rates in the District of Columbia had reduced 90 percent.
Lamar Burgess: 6 Years in the precrime prgram, and there hasn't been a single murder.
Pre-Crime Public Service Announcer: Now, the system can work for you.
Attorney General Nash: We want to make sure that this great system is what will keep us safe will also keep us free.
Pre-Crime Public Service Announcer: On April 24, vote yes on the national Precrime initiative.
Agatha: Is it now?
John Anderton: They set me up.
Rufus Riley: Those thoughts about my cousin Elena, those were *just* - *thoughts*!
Rufus Riley: And, like my life, everything is good.
Mother: Mother: They're crying their eyes out! You terrified them! You...
Knott: You don't want your kids to know terror, then keep them away from me.
Danny Witwer: What does he want with a Pre-Cog?
Wally the Caretaker: What do you think? So he can kill whoever he wants without anyone knowing about it!
John Anderton: I need your help. You contain information. I need to know how to get at it.
John Anderton: I have to know. I have to find out what happened to my life.
Director Burgess: Shh. Do you know what I hear? Nothing. No footsteps up the stairs, no hovercraft out the window, no clickety-click of little spiders. Do you know why I can't hear any of those things, Danny? Because right now, the precogs can't see a thing.
Gideon: Okey pokey, now this is one bad man.
Gideon: You're part of my flock now, John.
Dr. Solomon: Now, you understand I can't just give you new irises. Because if I do, the retinal scans will read the scar tissue, alarms will go off, and large men with guns will appear.
Howard Marks: I didn't do anything! I wasn't gonna do anything!
Rufus Riley: Wow. She works.
Lamar Burgess: Revolvers, like this one, were given to the generals at the end of the civil war by their troops. The chambers were loaded with 5 gold plated bullets to symbolize the end of the destruction and death that set the country apart for 5 years. Now, with Precrime going national, I think we all can look towards a time where none of us will have to discharge another firearm ever again.
Lamar Burgess: Oh, enjoy yourselves, enjoy yourselves. That's an order.
Howard Marks: I forgot my glasses. You know how blind I am without them.
Donald Dubin: Let's go to bed.
Sarah Marks: Let's do it in here.
Donald Dubin: The bed is soft.
Sarah Marks: I'm soft.
Lamar Burgess: Right now the Precogs can't see a thing.
John Anderton: Mind if I look at the registry.
Hotel Clerk: Yeah I do.
John Anderton: How about now.
Danny Witwer: The Precogs can see a murder four days out. Why the late call?
Officer Fletcher: Well, we call it a red ball. With crimes of passion, there's no premeditation, so they show up late. Most of our scrambles are flash events like this one. We rarely see anything with premeditation anymore.
Danny Witwer: People have gotten the message.
Gideon: Say, I don't ever see any of you Precops down here. I'm not in trouble, am I?
John Anderton: Not yet. I'm interested in a murder.
Gideon: I got plenty of those. Kill type?
John Anderton: Drowning.
Gideon: That narrows it down. Not too many in here for that one.
John Anderton: Victim is caucasian. Female.
Gideon: This about the Justice Department? I'm supposed to spruce up for a tour they got planned for tomorrow. Told me to wear a tie. You like this one?
John Anderton: Stop. Roll back. There.
Gideon: She's a golden oldie. One of our first. Probably before your time.
John Anderton: This is the official composite of the three Precogs?
Gideon: That's right. A combined data stream based on all three previsions.
John Anderton: Just show me Agatha's data stream.
Gideon: For that, we go for a ride.
Lamar Burgess: You'd think we'd have found a cure for the common cold by now.
Celeste Burgess: It's stress.
Lamar Burgess: What's this?
Celeste Burgess: Herbal tea with honey.
Lamar Burgess: I hate herbal tea almost as much as I hate honey.
Celeste Burgess: Just drink it before I pour it in your lap.
Rufus Riley: Detective, nice of you to come down here, seeing how every cop is looking for you right now.
John Anderton: I need your help.
Rufus Riley: Well, hey, why did you have to come all the way down here? For the chief, I make house calls. You know that.
John Anderton: I need your help with her.
Rufus Riley: Well, hello there, honey pie. I'm impressed, Anderton. You're on the lam and you still have the time and energy to slice off a little jerky for yourself.
John Anderton: You've been busted twice for felony hacking.
Rufus Riley: So?
John Anderton: So I need you to hack her.
Rufus Riley: I tell you what. I do this, I get to keep whatever images I get from her head.
John Anderton: They don't belong to anybody.
Rufus Riley: Take her to Radio Shack.
John Anderton: Rufus, you gotta help me.     