
Sara Goldfarb: I'm somebody now, Harry. Everybody likes me. Soon, millions of people will see me and they'll all like me. I'll tell them about you, and your father, how good he was to us. Remember? It's a reason to get up in the morning. It's a reason to lose weight, to fit in the red dress. It's a reason to smile. It makes tomorrow all right. What have I got Harry, hm? Why should I even make the bed, or wash the dishes? I do them, but why should I? I'm alone. Your father's gone, you're gone. I got no one to care for. What have I got, Harry? I'm lonely. I'm old.
Harry Goldfarb: You got friends, Ma.
Sara Goldfarb: Ah, it's not the same. They don't need me. I like the way I feel. I like thinking about the red dress and the television and you and your father. Now when I get the sun, I smile.
Marion: I love you, Harry. You make me feel like a person. Like I'm me... and I'm beautiful.
Harry Goldfarb: You are beautiful. You're the most beautiful girl in the world. You are my dream.
Harry Goldfarb: Marion... I've been thinking about you so much... are you okay?
Marion: When are you coming home?
Harry Goldfarb: Soon.
Marion: When?
Harry Goldfarb: Soon... you holding out alright?
Marion: Harry... can you come today?
Harry Goldfarb: Yeah...
Harry Goldfarb: I'll come... I'll come today. You just wait for me, alright?
Marion: Harry...
Harry Goldfarb: I'm coming back, Marion.
Marion: Yeah.
Harry Goldfarb: I'm really sorry, Marion...
Marion: I know.
Young Tyrone: I told you I would make it, Mama.
Tyrone's Mother: Oh, you don't have to make anything, my sweet, you just have to love your mother.
Sara Goldfarb: In the end it's all nice.
Tappy Tibbons: We got a winner, I said we got a winner, we got a winner! Our next winner is that delightful personality, straight from Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, please give a juicy welcome to Mrs. Sara Goldfarb!
The Audience: Juice by Sara, juice by Sara, juice by Sara oh, Sara's got juice, Sara's got juice, ohhhhhhhh Sara!
Tappy Tibbons: I'm delighted to tell you, that you've just won the grand prize!
Sara Goldfarb: Oh, no!
Tappy Tibbons: Now let me tell you what you've won. Your prize has a sweet smile, and his own private business. He just got engaged, and is about to get married this summer. Will you please give a warm and juicy welcome, Harry Goldfarb!
The Audience: Juice by Harry, juice by Harry, juice by Harry, ohhhh Harry! Harry's got juice, Harry's got juice, ohhhhhh Harry.
Sara Goldfarb: I love you, Harry.
Harry Goldfarb: I love you too, Ma.
Harry Goldfarb: Somebody like you can really make things all right for me.
Marion: Getting the money's not the problem, Harry.
Harry Goldfarb: Then what's the problem?
Marion: I don't know what I'm going to have to do to get it.
Sara Goldfarb: Purple in the morning, blue in the afternoon, orange in the evening.
Sara Goldfarb: There's my three meals, Mr. Smartypants.
Sara Goldfarb: And green at night. Just like that. One, two, three, four.
Harry: See, everything was going good, and then some dumbass junkie...
Marion: Did what? Some dumbass junkie did what? You mean, you fucked it up!
Harry: What the fuck is wrong with you?
Marion: You promised me that everything was gonna be okay, remember? I fucked that sleaze bag for you and I put myself through fucking hell for you?
Harry: There's nothing out there!
Marion: I don't give a shit! You fucking loser!
Sara Goldfarb: How come you know more about medicine than a doctor?
Harry Goldfarb: Believe me, Ma: I know.
Harry Goldfarb: Marion? Marion?
Angelic Nurse: It's all right. Don't worry, you're in a hospital.
Harry Goldfarb: Marion?
Angelic Nurse: Who's that? She'll be sent for, she'll come.
Harry Goldfarb: No.
Angelic Nurse: No?
Harry Goldfarb: No... she won't.
Angelic Nurse: She'll come.
Harry Goldfarb: No, she...
Harry Goldfarb: I always thought you were the most beautiful girl I ever seen.
Marion: Really?
Harry Goldfarb: Ever since I first saw you.
Marion: That's nice, Harry. That makes me feel really good. You know, other people have told me that before, and it was meaningless.
Harry Goldfarb: What, 'cause you thought they were pulling your leg?
Marion: No, no, not like that. I mean, I don't know. I don't know or even care if they were. Just from them it was... just, just meaningless, you know? You say it and I hear it. I really hear it.
Harry Goldfarb: Oh Jesus Christ... I need a doctor, man... I can't take it man, my arm, MY FUCKING ARM!
Uncle Hank: Ass to ass.
Big Tim: I know it's pretty, baby, but I didn't take it out for air.
Tyrone C. Love: California, here we come.
Harry Goldfarb: It's Florida, Ty. Florida.
Tyrone C. Love: California, Florida, whatever. Either way, your pale ass is getting a tan.
Sara Goldfarb: If this is a red, I wanna know, what's orange?
Sara Goldfarb: I'm walkin' across the stage! And you should see my Harry on television. We're giving the prizes away.
Sara Goldfarb: I just wanted to be on the show!
Harry Goldfarb: Hey, Ma? You on uppers?
Marion: Anybody wanna waste some time?
Court Doctor: Can you hear me? Can you see me?
Prisoner: Yes, sir.
Court Doctor: OK for work.
Court Doctor: Can you hear me? Can you see me?
Tyrone: Yes.
Prison Guard: Say "sir!" God damn New York dope fiend niggers. Learn some manners!
Court Doctor: Can you hear me? Can you see me?
Tyrone: Yes, sir.
Court Doctor: OK for work.
Court Doctor: Can you hear me? Can you see me?
Prison Guard: He says he's got something wrong with his arm.
Court Doctor: I don't think he'll be puttin' any more dope in that arm.
Prison Guard: Smells worse than he do.
Court Doctor: Better get him over to the hospital. I don't expect he'll live out the week.
Harry Goldfarb: Does he give you pills?
Sara Goldfarb: Of course he gives me pills. He's a doctor!
Harry Goldfarb: What kind of pills?
Sara Goldfarb: Uh, uh, a blue one, a purple one, an orange one...
Harry Goldfarb: I mean, like, what's in 'em.
Harry Goldfarb: I'm sorry I haven't been around in a while, Ma. But, but I been busy, real busy.
Sara Goldfarb: Oh, yeah? You got a good job? You doin' real well?
Harry Goldfarb: Yeah, real good. Real good.
Sara Goldfarb: What kind of business?
Harry Goldfarb: Well, uh, I'm sort of a distributor, like. For a big importer.
Sara Goldfarb: I'm thinking thin.
Harry Goldfarb: What was I supposed to do? I'm gonna sit around and watch you push off and not go myself?
Mr. Rabinowitz: Such a son. Your mother needs you like a moose needs a hat rack.
Sara Goldfarb: Everything's all mixed up, confused.
Dr. Pill: That's nothing to worry about. Just get this filled. Make an appointment for a week.
Tappy Tibbons: Now we come to step three. This... drives... most... people... crazy.
Sara Goldfarb: Harold, I'm gonna be on television.
Ada: She's thinking thin.
Mr. Rabinowitz: Good afternoon, Mrs. Goldfarb.
Sara Goldfarb: Good afternoon, Mr. Rabinowitz, although I'm not so sure how good it is.
Tappy Tibbons: Be excited, be, be excited.
Marion: You smug fuck.
Laughing Guard: That's the trouble with ya New York dope fiends. Ya got a rotten attitude.
Harry Goldfarb: This is our only chance to make it big.
Tyrone C. Love: C'mon baby let's do this... naturally.
Tyrone: Shit, this muthafucka's startin' to look a little seedy, man.
Harry: What's the matter, you particular all the sudden?
Tyrone: Hey, baby, I don't care if the motherfucker's growing hair just so long as we get our bread.
Harry Goldfarb: Let's do this right.
Tyrone: Naturally.
Tyrone C. Love: DY-NO-MITE!
Tappy Tibbons: Oh, I thought you'd never ask.
Harry: Are you sure this is the right Walbaum's?
Tappy Tibbons: Juice.
Big Tim: You know what I like best about paddy chicks? They give good head. But black broads don't know nothing about no head. I don't know why. Maybe it has something to do with some ancient tribal customs.     