
Lee: Kick me.
Lee: Kick me.
Lee: What was that? An Exhibition? We need emotional content. Now try again!
Lee: I said "emotional content" - not anger! Now try again!
Lee: That's it! How did it feel?
Lao: Let me think...
Lee: Don't think. FEEL! It's like a finger pointing away to the moon.
Lee: Do not concentrate on the finger, or you will miss all of the heavenly glory!
Lee: Never take your eyes off your opponent... even when you're bowing!
Lee: That's better.
Williams: Man, you come right out of a comic book.
Lee: Boards don't hit back.
Lee: You have offended my family and you have offended the Shaolin Temple.
Lee: Teacher?
Shaolin Abbott: I see your talents have gone beyond the mere physical level. Your skills are now at the point of spiritual insight. I have several questions. What is the highest technique you hope to achieve ?
Lee: To have no technique.
Shaolin Abbott: Very good. What are your thoughts when facing an opponent ?
Lee: There is no opponent.
Shaolin Abbott: And why is that ?
Lee: Because the word "I" does not exist.
Shaolin Abbott: So, continue...
Lee: A good fight should be like a small play, but played seriously. A good martial artist does not become tense, but ready. Not thinking, yet not dreaming. Ready for whatever may come. When the opponent expands, I contract. When he contracts, I expand. And when there is an opportunity, I do not hit. It hits all by itself.
Shaolin Abbott: Now, you must remember: the enemy has only images and illusions behind which he hides his true motives. Destroy the image and you will break the enemy. The "it" that you refer to is a powerful weapon easily misused by the martial artist who deserts his vows. For centuries now, the code of the Shaolin Temple has been preserved. Remember, the honor of our brotherhood has been held true. Tell me now the Shaolin Commandment number 13.
Lee: A martial artist has to take responsibility for himself and accept the consequences of his own doing.
Shaolin Abbott: I'm ashamed to tell you now. Among all the Shaolin men I have taught, there is one who has turned the ways of knowledge and strength to his own base ends. He had perverted all we hold sacred. His name is Han. In defiance of all our beliefs... he has brought disgrace to the Shaolin Temple. So... it is now for you to reclaim our lost honor.
Lee: Yes, I understand.
Shaolin Abbott: There is a man here. You will go to him.
Williams: Mr. Han, suddenly I wish to leave your island.
Han: It is not possible.
Williams: Bullshit, Mr. Han-man!
Han: It is difficult to associate these horrors with the proud civilizations that created them: Sparta, Rome, The Knights of Europe, the Samurai... They worshipped strength, because it is strength that makes all other values possible. Nothing survives without it. Who knows what delicate wonders have died out of the world, for want of the strength to survive.
Parsons: What's your style?
Lee: My style? You can call it the art of fighting without fighting.
Parsons: The art of fighting without fighting? Show me some of it.
Lee: Later.
Lee: Don't you think we need more room?
Parsons: Where else?
Lee: That island, on the beach. We can take this boat.
Lee: Why doesn't somebody pull out a .45 and, bang, settle it?
Han: Your style is unorthodox.
Williams: But effective.
Roper: Would you look at that? A woman like that could teach you a lot about yourself.
Han: Very few people can be totally ruthless. It isn't easy; it takes more strength than you might believe.
Roper: Now you've got eight more.
Han: So! There is a point you will not go beyond.
Han: Opium.
Roper: Uh-oh!
Han: We are investing in corruption, Mr Roper. The business of corruption is like any other.
Roper: Oh yeah! Provide your customers with products they need and, uh, charge a little bit to stimulate your market and before you know it customers come to depend on you, I mean really need you.
Roper: You wanna bet?
Roper: Well, well. One more lovely than the next.
Roper: What'd you have in mind?
Tania: Pick one.
Roper: I already have.
Tania: Wise decision.
Roper: A man's strength can be measured by his appetites. Indeed, a man's strength *flows* from his appetites.
Han: The battle with the guards was magnificent. Your skill is extraordinary. And I was going to ask you to join us.
Shaolin Abbott: Remember: the enemy has only images and illusions behind which he hides his true motives. Destroy the image and you will break the enemy.
Lee: You have offended my family, and you have offended the Shaolin temple.
Han: Gentlemen, welcome. You honor our island. I look forward to a tournament of truly epic proportions. We are unique, gentlemen, in that we create ourselves... through long years of rigorous training, sacrifice, denial, pain. We forge our bodies in the fire of our will. But tonight, let us celebrate. Gentlemen, you have our gratitude.
Williams: Ghettoes are the same all over the world. They stink.
Thug#1: It's the dough Roper, or we gotta break something! You got it? Freddy says this is for your own good.
Lee: You will not agree with what I'm going to do. It is contrary to all that you have taught me, and all that Su Lin believed. I must leave. Please try to find a way to forgive me.
Han: Good morning, Mr. Roper. We have been waiting for you.
Roper: What's going on?
Han: Would you be good enough to participate in this morning's edification?
Roper: Edification?
Roper: What are you going to do to him?
Han: Not me, Mr. Roper, you.
Braithwaite: Hello Mr. Lee. My name's Braithwaite.
Lee: Hello Mr. Braithwaite.
Braithwaite: Hello, put your colonel on.
Braithwaite: Well,wake him up!
Braithwaite: I don't care if he's not alone!
Braithwaite: Damn it all, I don't care who he's with! You bloody well put him on the line!
Tania: Mr. Williams.
Tania: MR. WILLIAMS!
Williams: For me?
Tania: Williams: You shouldn't have
Williams: but,
Williams: I'll take you darling,
Williams: and you,
Williams: and you,
Williams: and
Williams: you.
Williams: Please understand, if I missed anyone,
Williams: it's been a big day. I'm a little tired.
Tania: Oh of course, Mister Williams.
Tania: You must conserve your strength.
Lee: Come in.
Tania: A gift Mr. Lee.
Tania: If you don't see anything you like...
Lee: There was a girl at the feast tonight.
Tania: Which girl, sir?
Lee: The owner of this dart.
Tania: Oh, yes. I know the one. I'll send her to you.
Han: Are you shocked Mr Williams?
Williams: Only at how sloppy your man works.
Han: We are all ready to win, just as we are born knowing only life. It is defeat that you must learn to prepare for.
Williams: I don't waste my time with it. When it comes, I won't even notice.
Han: Oh? How so?
Williams: I'll be too busy looking gooood.
Braithwaite: Mr. Lee, I've come to talk to you about a tournament of martial arts. A tournament to which you've already received an invitation. Specifically, the tournament organized by Mr. Han.
Lee: Han's tournament.
Braithwaite: I know, I know, I know. But we'd very much like you to attend THAT particular tournament, Mr. Lee.
Lee: "We", Mr. Braithwaite?
Roper: For crying out loud! Do you believe that?
Roper: Dumb shit.
Oharra: You must attend the morning ritual in uniform.
Old man: Now you know the truth. When you get to the city, pay your respects to your sister and your mother.
Lee: I will, old man.
Roper: What's the matter? You on a diet?
Williams: I'd like to eat, if I can find something I can keep down.
Braithwaite: Hello, Mr. Lee. My name is Braithwaite.
Lee: Hello, Mr. Braithwaite.
Braithwaite: I've come to speak to you about a matter of great importance.
Lee: Have some tea.
Braithwaite: Yes, indeed.
Lee: What did the autopsy reveal as the cause of death?
Braithwaite: She did not drown.
Lee: She OD'd?
Braithwaite: Umm...
Braithwaite: Er, yes. Cause of death was, uh... heroin overdose.     