
Gabbar Singh: What's going to happen to you now, Kaalia?
Gabbar Singh: Hey Sambha, how much reward has the government kept on me?
Sambha: Sardar, 50,000 Rupees.
Gabbar Singh: How do you plan to fight me Thakur? I've long cut off, and discarded, your arms.
Thakur Baldev Singh: One uses their feet to crush a snake Gabbar, not the hands.
Gabbar Singh: How many men were there?
Jai: What can I do, Mausi. That is how my heart is.
Jai: What is your name, Basanti?
Thakur Baldev Singh: I'm putting you to some trouble, jailer.
Jailer: Not at all, sir. Just name it... whatever it be.
Thakur Baldev Singh: I need two men.
Veeru: Were you ever earlier at the Daulatpur police station, sir?
Thakur Baldev Singh: Yes, I was. Why did you ask?
Veeru: I remember now! Ever since you've caught us, I've been wondering where I've seen you. Remember Lalji's shop? The provision store which was robbed?... Do you remember?
Thakur Baldev Singh: Lalji's provision store? No...
Veeru: You don't remember?
Veeru: Jai... Jai. Remember, when we were held for two days at the Daulatpur police station?
Jai: Daulatpur police station?
Veeru: Yeah, yeah.
Jai: When were we locked up there?
Veeru: When we broke into that grocery store.
Veeru: He was the police officer then. Don't you recognize him?
Jai: All police officers look the same to me.
Basanti: Well, gentlemen. Where will you go? Belapur, Rampur, Ramgarh... where do you want to go, tell me?
Basanti: Have you never seen a horse-cart before? This is a village, sir. You can't find cars here in which you can sit down and speed away. Basanti's 'tanga' is all you will find around here. Now look; I'm not in the habit of talking unnecessarily. Say so, if you wish to go.
Veeru: When I dead... police coming. Police coming... 'budiya' going jail. In jail, the old hag will be grinding and grinding and grinding and grinding and grinding...
Imaam Saheb: Why's there so much of silence here?
Veeru: Well, Thakur... I must leave now.
Thakur Baldev Singh: I know I can't share your grief; but I do.
Gabbar Singh: You have a lot of strenght left in your arms, don't you? Remember what you said to me that day? 'These aren't arms, they're your noose'. Look at you now, the noose has opened! You still have alot of strenght in your arms, don't you? Give me your arms, Thakur.
Imaam Saheb: It is time for my Namaz. Somebody please take me to the Mosque.
Gabbar Singh: Sons of bithces. They were two and you are three. Still you came back - empty handed. What were you thinking when you were coming back? Sardar will be happy and will give you a goodwill gesture? Shame on you!
Veeru: Basanti, don't dance in front of these dogs.
Jailer: Errr... Thakur sahib?     