
Project Leader: He says the sun came out last night. He says it sang to him.
Project Leader: If everything's ready here on the Dark Side of the Moon... play the five tones.
Roy Neary: I guess you've noticed something a little strange with Dad. It's okay, though. I'm still Dad.
Roy Neary: Is that it? Is that all you're gonna ask me? Well I got a couple of thousand goddamn questions, you know. I want to speak to someone in charge. I want to lodge a complaint. You have no right to make people crazy! You think I investigate every Walter Cronkite story there is? Huh? If this is just nerve gas, how come I know everything in such detail? I've never been here before. How come I know so much? What the hell is going on around here? Who the hell are you people?
Barry Guiler: Goodbye.
Claude Lacombe: Major Walsh, it is an event sociologique.
David Laughlin: Have you recently had a close encounter?
Scientist 1: Einstein WAS right!
Team Leader: Einstein was PROBABLY one of them!
Roy Neary: Ronnie, if I don't do this, *that's* when I'm going to need a doctor.
Roy Neary: I know this sounds crazy, but ever since yesterday on the road, I've been seeing this shape. Shaving cream, pillows... Dammit! I know this. I know what this is! This means something. This is important.
Jillian Guiler: They asked me if I'd seen any strangers in the neighborhood.
Roy Neary: I wanna speak to the man in charge.
David Laughlin: Mr. Lacombe is the highest authority.
Roy Neary: He isn't even an American.
Air Traffic Controller: TWA 517 do you want to report a UFO, over? TWA 517 do you want to report a UFO, over?
TWAPilot: Negative, we don't want to report.
Air Traffic Controller: Air East 31, do you wish to report a UFO, over?
AirEast Pilot: Negative, we don't want to report one of those either.
Air Traffic Controller: Air East 31, do you wish to file a report of any kind to us?
AirEast Pilot: I wouldn't know what kind of report to file, Center.
Air Traffic Controller: Uh Air East 31, uh, me neither.
Brad Neary: I don't understand these fractions.
Roy Neary: What's one third of sixty?
Brad Neary: That's a fraction, I don't understand them.
Roy Neary: Alright, let's say that this boxcar is sixty feet long, OK?, and one third of it is across this switch here, alright... And now another train is coming... Now, how far do you have to move this boxcar so that the other train doesn't smash it? Quickly Brad, there are thousands of lives at stake... Brad any answer...
Roy Neary: You can't fool us by agreeing with us.
Roy Neary: Just close your eyes and hold your breath and everything will turn real pretty.
David Laughlin: Who flies crates like these anymore?
Project Leader: No one. These planes were reported missing in 1945.
David Laughlin: We didn't choose this place! We didn't choose these people! They were invited!
Claude Lacombe: They belong here more than we.
Claude Lacombe: Mr. Neary, what do you want?
Roy Neary: I just want to know that it's really happening.
Roy Neary: Hey, you know what's playing tonight? Pinocchio! You guys have never seen Pinocchio, you're in luck!
Brad Neary: Aw, who wants to see some dumb cartoon rated 'G' for kids?
Roy Neary: How old are you?
Brad Neary: Eight.
Roy Neary: You wanna be nine?
Brad Neary: Yeah.
Roy Neary: Then you're going to go see Pinocchio tomorrow night.
Ronnie Neary: Roy, that is a terrific way to win over your children.
Roy Neary: I'm not serious, I'm just saying that I grew up with Pinocchio, and if kids are still kids, they're going to eat it up.
Roy Neary: Okay, I'm wrong, all right? I'm Wrong Roy.
Roy Neary: TOBY! You are close to death! Come out here!
Roy Neary: Okay, let's have a vote. Tomorrow night you can play Goofy Golf, which is a lot of standing in line and shoving and pushing, and probably getting a 'zero,' or you can see Pinocchio, which is a lot of furry animals and magic, and you'll have a wonderful time. Okay? So let's vote.
Scientist: That's a 2500 dollar globe! What are you guys doing?
Ronnie Neary: All right, everybody to bed!
Toby Neary: No, wait! Dad said we could watching The Ten Commandments!
Ronnie Neary: Roy, that movie is four hours long.
Roy Neary: I said they could watch the five commandments.
Dirty Tricks #4: Contaminated water. Affects people, crops, animals. Disease.
Dirty Tricks #3: Yeah, epidemic.
Dirty Tricks #1: What kind of disease?
Dirty Tricks #3: A plague. A plague epidemic.
Dirty Tricks #1: Nobody's gonna believe a plague in this day and age.
Dirty Tricks #2: *Anthrax.*
Dirty Tricks #4: Ranching country.
Dirty Tricks #3: Yes!
Dirty Tricks #2: There are a lot of sheep up in those hills.
Wild Bill: Wait, that's good, that's good, I like that. But it may not evacuate everybody. There's always some joker who thinks he's immune. What I need is something so scary it'll clear three hundred square miles of every living Christian soul.
Barry Guiler: You can come and play now.
Toby Neary: Dad, after this can we throw dirt in MY window?
Brad Neary: He looks like a Fifty-Fifty Bar!
Farmer: They can fly rings around the moon. But we're *years* ahead of them on the highway.
Soldier in gas mask: Are you OK sir?
Roy Neary: Yeah, I'm fine! And the only gas around here is from you guys farting around!
Farmer: I saw Bigfoot once!
Farmer: Sequoia National Forest, 1951! It made a sound that I would not want to hear twice in my life.
Ronnie Neary: You know, that movie is four hours long.
Roy Neary: I said they'd only watch five.
Roy Neary: This means something. This is important.
Roy Neary: Well they're not moon burns, goddamnit.
Claude Lacombe: I envy you.
Project Leader: Could we have the lights in the arena down 60 percent, please... 60 percent.
Project Leader: I don't think we could have asked for a more beautiful evening, do you? Okay, watch the skies please... We now show uncorrelated targets approaching from the north-northwest.
Ronnie Neary: Roy, what did it look like?
Roy Neary: It was like an ice cream cone.
Ronnie Neary: What flavor?
Roy Neary: Orange. It was orange - and it wasn't like an ice cream cone. It was, it was more like a shell. You know, it was like this.
Ronnie Neary: Like a taco? Was it like one of those Sara Lee, um, moon-shaped cookies? Those crescent cookies? Don't you think I'm taking this really well? I remember when we used to come to places like this just to look at each other... and snuggle.
Roy Neary: Who are you people?
Claude Lacombe: Mr. Neary, please, one more question.
David Laughlin: Have you recently had a close encounter... A close encounter with something very unusual?
Roy Neary: Who are you people?
Roy Neary: Yeah, I've got one just like it in my living room. WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?
Roy Neary: It's better than Goofy Golf!
Ronnie Neary: Hey! This is not your toy to play with every time I turn around!
Jillian Guiler: It's like Halloween for grownups.
Roy Neary: Trick or treat.
Barry Guiler: Clean everything up!
Ronnie Neary: Let go of this fence right now. You come with me. Do you want me to hit you? You let go of that fence!     