
Teo, Titta's Uncle: I want a woman!
Father Balosa: Do you commit impure acts? Do you touch yourself? Do you know Saint Louis weeps when you touch yourself?
Titta: Let him cry. I'm not gonna tell you, because you'll only tell Dad. Don't tell me you don't touch yourself. How can you not, when you see the woman in the tobacco shop, as stacked as she is and she says... Export brand? And the math teacher who looks just like a lion? Mother of God! How can you avoid touching yourself when she looks at you that way?
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Tell me, who's the father of this piece of shit?
Wedding Guest: Titta went away a long time ago.
Miranda: The puffballs.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: When the puffballs come, cold winter's almost gone.
Giudizio: In our town, the puffballs and spring arrive hand in hand. These are the sort of puffballs that drift around, soaring over the cemetery, where all rest in peace, soaring over the beachfront and over the Germans, newly arrived, who don't feel the cold. Drifting, drifting... swirling... swirling... swirling... Drifting, drifting, drifting!
Gradisca: But winter's dying and spring is on its way. I can feel it all over me already!
Volpina: It's hot, isn't it? Aren't you all hot?
Grandpa: My father's father was known as "Big Meat." He lived to be 107 and he was still doing it!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Look how many there are. Millions and millions and millions of stars. Jesus Christ! I wonder how they all stay in place up there. I mean, it's pretty simple for us. To build a house, we use so many bricks, so much lime. But up there, sweet Jesus! Where do you put the foundations? They aren't just confetti, you know.
Gradisca: I want one of those long encounters that last a lifetime. I want a family, children, a husband to chat with in the evenings over coffee, maybe, and to make love with now and then, because when you must, you must. But affection is even more important than love. I'm so full of affection. But who can I give it to? Who wants it?
Biscein: I was in Norway. Two women. Beautiful, huge Norwegians! Beans, olives, toasted melon seeds...
Titta: I didn't know people kissed like that. Did you? With their tongues going in and out?
Father Balosa: I'll ask the questions here.
Grandpa: Where am I? I don't seem to be anywhere. If death is like this, I don't think much of it. Everything's gone. People, trees, birds, wine. Well, up yours!
Volpina: I lost my pussycat.
Gina: You think my fanny's a good-luck charm?
Father Balosa: What do you covet?
Titta: My pal Bragger's got a raincoat with a lot of metal buckles like the one the detective has in the William Powell-Myrna Loy films.
Gradisca: Let me touch him! I want to touch him! Long live il Duce!
Barber: I better calm you down, you horny beast. What a body!
Giudizio: I can, I command, I want! Long live Giudizio!
Passeggiate #1: Volpina, have you made love today? How many men did you service? I bet you even dip a cock in your morning coffee.
Passeggiate #2: You're the greatest, Gradisca. Greta Garbo's got nothing on you!
Gradisca: Don't look. You'll get too excited.
Construction Worker: Mortar, let the boss hear your poem.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Let's hear it. What's it called?
Mortar: Bricks.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Good title!
Mortar: My grandfather made bricks. My father made bricks. I make bricks too. But, where's my house?
Gina: Keep your hands to yourself!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: I get up at 4:00 am and slave away all day like a mule, and when I come home for a crust of bread, I find a bunch of long faces!
Miranda: Everyone in town laughs at us, even the roosters.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: In my own home, I'll do as I please!
Miranda: Listen to His Royal Highness!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: He's getting worse and worse! They're a pair of little hoodlums! You've brought them up wrong!
Miranda: Then you do it! Let's see how well you do! I can't stand any more! I'm going crazy! I'm going mad! I'll kill the whole lot of you! No? No? I'll put strychnine in your soup! That's what I'll do! But I'll kill myself first!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Good.
Miranda: Right now!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Go ahead.
Miranda: You'll see!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: I'll kill myself first!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Why do these things happen to me? What have I done? Goddamn it all!
Father Balosa: Do you honor your father and mother?
Titta: Yes, but they don't honor me. They beat me.
Father Balosa: You must annoy them.
Father Balosa: Do you tell lies?
Titta: I have to!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Miranda. Miranda! Who locked the gate?
Miranda: I did.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Why?
Miranda: You know why.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Unlock it. You've heard what's been going on in the piazza all day. Open up. I have business to take care of.
Miranda: Nothing doing. You're staying at home. What's all this stuff? If I wanted to be a widow, I'd kill you myself. I'll strangle you with your neckerchief!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Think I'm scared of those black-shirted lice? Give me the key. Give me the key! Miranda! Damn it all!
Patacca: Are you Polish? Only Polish women have that fire in their eyes.
Patacca: You must be Czech, because only Czech women have that fire in their eyes.
Patacca: I always find German women to be pushovers. She's really fallen for me. And to prove it, she even offered me posterior intimacy.
Teo, Titta's Uncle: Is Father Pazzaglia still alive?
Miranda: He's been dead ten years now.
Grandpa: He's been gone quite some time.
Teo, Titta's Uncle: He was alive last year.
Miranda: That was Father Amedeo.
Teo, Titta's Uncle: Is he dead too?
Miranda: No, he's alive.
Teo, Titta's Uncle: Exactly.
Grandpa: My father's father used to say, "To be fit as a fiddle, you have to piddle. To be fit as a frog, pee like a dog."
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: I can stare at an egg for hours, wondering how nature can make things so perfect.
Miranda: 'Cause it was God who made nature, not an ignoramus like you!
Oliva: Uncle Teo's up a tree!
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: What are you crying about? It's one big laugh riot!
Tobacconist: Let's see.
Titta: I really can, you know
Tobacconist: Let's see.
Tobacconist: Silly boy, put me down!
Titta: I did it!
Tobacconist: You're very strong.
Titta: See? I can do it again.
Tobacconist: I don't believe you.
Tobacconist: That's enough now. Put me down.
Titta: You drive me...
Tobacconist: I said that's enough.
Tobacconist: What are you doing? You'll drop me, you crazy boy! You're crazy, you know that. What's happening to me? Oh, my head.
Titta: See how many times I did it?
Tobacconist: Yes, my little darling. Come here. You really are sweet. Drive me crazy - just a little.
Titta: What should I do?
Tobacconist: Suck. Come on. You can have this one too. Don't blow! Suck! Suck!
Titta: Is this right?
Tobacconist: You have to suck, you idiot! What are you doing?
Titta: I can't breathe!
Tobacconist: Stop it now. Go on now. I have to close up. What was it you wanted? A cigarette? It's on me. Now scram.
Miranda: Who remembers anyway?
Titta: Uncle's not feeling good.
Aurelio Biondi, Titta's Father: Then take him to the whorehouse.     