
Loomis: I met him, 15 years ago; I was told there was nothing left; no reason, no conscience, no understanding in even the most rudimentary sense of life or death, of good or evil, right or wrong. I met this... six-year-old child with this blank, pale, emotionless face, and... the blackest eyes - the Devil's eyes. I spent eight years trying to reach him, and then another seven trying to keep him locked up, because I realized that what was living behind that boy's eyes was purely and simply... evil.
Loomis: Death has come to your little town, Sheriff.
Brackett: It's Halloween; everyone's entitled to one good scare.
Lynda: See anything you like?
Laurie: It was the Boogeyman.
Loomis: As a matter of fact it was.
Brackett: I have a feeling that you're way off on this.
Loomis: You have the wrong feeling.
Brackett: You're not doing very much to prove me wrong!
Loomis: What more do you need?
Brackett: Well, it's going to take a lot more than fancy talk to keep me up all night crawling around these bushes.
Loomis: I-I-I watched him for fifteen years, sitting in a room, staring at a wall; not seeing the wall, looking past the wall; looking at this night, inhumanly patient, waiting for some secret, silent alarm to trigger him off. Death has come to your little town, Sheriff. Now, you can either ignore it, or you can help me to stop it.
Brackett: More fancy talk.
Loomis: You've fooled them, haven't you, Michael? But not me.
Marion: Don't you think it would be better if you referred to "it" as "him"?
Loomis: If you say so.
Marion: Your compassion's overwhelming, Doctor.
Dr. Wynn: Now, for God's sake, he can't even drive a car!
Loomis: He was doing very well last night! Maybe someone around here gave him lessons!
Brackett: A man wouldn't do that.
Loomis: This isn't a man.
Brackett: Every kid in Haddonfield thinks this place is haunted.
Loomis: They may be right.
Loomis: He's gone! He's gone from here! The evil is gone!
Lindsey: I'm scared!
Laurie: There's nothing to be scared of.
Tommy: Are you sure?
Tommy: How?
Laurie: I killed him...
Tommy: But you can't kill the boogeyman!
Marion: What do I give him when we take him in front of the judge?
Loomis: Thorazine.
Marion: He'll barely be able to sit up!
Loomis: That's the idea.
Annie: Hey, jerk! Speed kills!
Annie: God, can't he take a joke?
Laurie: You know, Annie, some day you're going to get us all in deep trouble.
Lynda: Totally.
Annie: I *hate* a guy with a car and no sense of humor.
Annie: Still spooked?
Laurie: I wasn't spooked.
Annie: Lies!
Laurie: I wasn't! I saw someone standing in Mr. Riddle's back yard.
Annie: Probably Mr. Riddle!
Laurie: He was watching me.
Annie: Mr. Riddle was watching you? Laurie, Mr. Riddle is eighty-seven!
Laurie: He can still watch.
Annie: That's probably all he can do!
Loomis: You must think me a very sinister doctor... oh, I have a permit.
Brackett: Seems to me you're just plain scared.
Loomis: Yeah, yeah I am...
Mr. Peter Myers: Michael?
Loomis: He came home!
Lynda: The only reason she babysits is to have a place for...
Laurie: Shit.
Annie: I have a place for *that*!
Laurie: I forgot my chemistry book.
Lynda: So, who cares? I always forget my chemistry book and my math book, and my English book, and my, let's see, my French book, and... well, who needs books anyway? I don't need books. I always forget all my books. I mean, it doesn't really matter if you have your books or not... Hey, isn't that Devon Graham?
Marion: Since when do they let them just wander around?
Dr. Wynn: I'm not responsible, Sam.
Loomis: Oh, no.
Dr. Wynn: I told them how dangerous he was.
Loomis: You couldn't have, two roadblocks and an all points bulletin wouldn't stop a five year old.
Dr. Wynn: Well, he's your patient, if you knew that the precautions weren't strong enough, you should have told somebody.
Loomis: I told everybody! Nobody listened.
Dr. Wynn: There's nothing else I can do.
Loomis: You can get back in there and get back on that telephone and tell them exactly who walked out of here last night and tell them exactly where he's going.
Dr. Wynn: Where he's probably going.
Loomis: I've wasted my time.
Dr. Wynn: Sam, Haddonfield is 150 miles away from here. For God's sake, he can't even drive a car!
Loomis: He was doing very well last night! Maybe someone around here gave him lessons.
Loomis: Hey! Hey, Lonnie, get your ass away from there!
Loomis: Oh! Jesus!
Brackett: Are you all right?
Loomis: Yeah.
Laurie: Lynda, if this is a joke, I'll kill you!
Loomis: You've got to believe me, Officer, he is coming to Haddonfield... Because I know him! I'm his doctor! You must be ready for him... If you don't, it's your funeral.
Laurie: Annie, look!
Annie: Look where? I don't see anything.
Laurie: That guy who passed us in the car before, the one you yelled at!
Annie: Subtle, isn't he?
Annie: Hey, creep!
Annie: Laurie, dear. He wants to talk to you. He wants to take you out tonight.
Laurie: He was standing right there.
Annie: Poor Laurie! Scared another one away. It's tragic, you *never* go out. You must have a small fortune stashed away from babysitting so much.
Laurie: Guys think I'm too smart.
Annie: I don't. I think you're wacko. Now you're seeing men behind bushes!
Loomis: Hey... What is that?
Brackett: A dog.
Brackett: It's still warm.
Loomis: He got hungry.
Sheriff Leigh Brackett: All right, I'll stay with you tonight. Just for the chance that you are right. And if you are right, damn you for letting him go.
Laurie: Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
Tommy: It's the boogeyman! The boogeyman's outside!
Laurie: Oh, Tommy, stop it! You're scaring Lindsey. There's nobody out there. Now, if you don't stop this I'm going to have to turn the TV off and send you to bed.
Tommy: Nobody believes me!
Lindsey: I believe you, Tommy.
Graveyard Keeper: Yeah, you know every town has something like this happen... I remember over in Russellville, old Charlie Bowles, about fifteen years ago... One night, he finished dinner, and he excused himself from the table. He went out to the garage, and got himself a hacksaw. Then he went back into the house, kissed his wife and his two children goodbye, and then he proceeded to...
Loomis: Where are we?
Graveyard Keeper: Eh? Oh, it's, uh, right over here...
Marion: You're serious about this, aren't you?
Loomis: Yes.
Marion: I mean, you really never want him to get out?
Loomis: No, never, ever... never.
Lynda: So Annie, are we still on for tonight?
Annie: I wouldn't want to get you in deep trouble, Lynda!
Lynda: Oh, come on, Annie! Bob and I have been planning it for weeks.
Annie: All right, the Wallaces leave at seven.
Laurie: I'm babysitting the Doyles, it's two houses down. We can keep each other company!
Annie: Oh, terrific. I've got three choices: watch the kid sleep, listen to Lynda screw around, or talk to you!
Tommy: I don't like that story anymore.
Laurie: I thought King Arthur was your favorite.
Tommy: Not anymore.
Laurie: Why do you keep them under there?
Tommy: Mom doesn't like me having them.
Laurie: Laser Man, Neutron Man. I can understand why. Tarantula Man...
Tommy: Laurie, what's the Boogeyman?
Lynda: You want a beer?
Bob: Yeah.
Lynda: Is that all you can say?
Bob: Yeah.
Lynda: Go get me a beer!
Bob: I thought you were gonna get me one?
Lynda: Yeah?
Bob: I'll be right back. Don't get dressed!
Laurie: Oh, fancy!
Annie: This has not been my night. I spilled butter all over my clothes, they're in the wash. I got stuck in the laundry room...
Laurie: Listen, I want you to call Ben Tramer and tell him you were just fooling around.
Annie: I can't.
Laurie: Yes, you can.
Annie: No, I can't. He went drinking with Mike Godfrey and won't be home until late. You'll have to call him tomorrow. Besides, I'm on my way to pick up Paul.
Laurie: Wait a minute...
Annie: If you watch her, I'll consider talking to Ben Tramer in the morning. Deal?
Laurie: Deal.
Laurie: The old Girl Scout comes through again.
Tommy: What about the jack-o-lantern?
Laurie: After the movie.
Tommy: What about my comics?
Laurie: After the jack-o-lantern.
Tommy: What about the boogeyman?
Laurie: There's no such thing.
Laurie: Sleep tight, kids.
Laurie: Tommy, unlock the door! Come here, now you listen to me. I want you to go down the stairs, and out the front door. I want you to go down the street to the Mackenzie's house. I want you to tell them to call the police and tell them to send them over here. Now, do you understand me? Go do as I say!
Lynda: It's totally insane. We have three new cheers to learn in the morning, the game is in the afternoon, I have to get my hair done at five, and the dance is at eight! I'll be totally wiped out!
Laurie: I don't think you have enough to do tomorrow.
Lynda: Totally!
Lynda: Now, when we get inside, Annie will distract Lindsey and we go upstairs to the first bedroom on the right. Got it?
Bob: First, I rip your clothes off...
Lynda: Don't rip my blouse. It's expensive, you idiot!
Bob: Then I rip my clothes off, then I rip Lindsey's clothes off. Yeah, I think I got it.
Loomis: Ever done anything like this before?
Marion: Only minimum security.
Loomis: I see.
Marion: The only thing I can't stand is their gibberish... how they keep ranting on and on.
Loomis: You haven't anything to worry about. He hasn't spoken a word in fifteen years.
Loomis: Stop here.
Marion: Shouldn't we go on up to the hospital and...
Loomis: Wait!
Richie: How is our witch?
Boy: Yeah, our pumpkin?
Tommy Doyle: Leave me alone!
The boys: He's gonna get you, He's gonna get you, He's gonna get you, He's gonna get you!
Richie: Boogeyman is coming!
Tommy Doyle: Leave me alone!
Boy: He doesn't believe us.
Richie: Don't you know what happens on Halloween?
Tommy Doyle: Yeah. We get candies.
The boys: Boogeyman, boogeyman, boogeyman!
Tommy: But I saw the boogeyman! I saw him!
Laurie: Okay, what did he look like?
Tommy: Umm... the boogeyman!
Laurie: All right you meatheads, joke's over.
Laurie: Come on, Annie. That's enough.
Laurie: It's most definitely stopped being funny, now cut it out! You'll be sorry.
Laurie: We're getting nowhere. Look, the boogeyman can only come out on Halloween, right? Well, I'm here; I'm not about to let anything happen to you.
Tommy: Promise?
Laurie: Promise.
Tommy: Laurie, what's the boogeyman?
Laurie: There's no such thing.
Loomis: You've fooled them, haven't you Michael?
Loomis: But not me.
Psychiatric Doctor #1: Reading from the decision of Judge Walter Ward: "I have no choice, but to remand Michael Audrey Myers to the Smith's Grove Warren County Sanitarium, where he shall be placed in the care of a resident psychiatrist, who shall report to this court no less than twice a year. Further, Michael Audrey Myers shall be brought to the court on the day of his 21st birthday, where he shall be tried as an adult for the murder of his sister, Judith Margaret Myers". Dr. Loomis?
Loomis: Michael Myers must be removed from this sanitarium immediately. I suggest the maximum security ward at Lidgefield.
Psychiatric Doctor #2: Dr. Loomis, the decision has been made.
Loomis: But this is a minimum security institution. The staff isn't adequately prepared.
Psychiatric Doctor #1: Prepared for what? The boy is a catatonic, he exhibits comatose behavior, no reaction to external stimuli.
Loomis: Have you read my notes?
Psychiatric Doctor #1: Yes, we have, Doctor.
Loomis: Why were they not presented at the hearing?
Psychiatric Doctor #2: The Judge requested Dr. Foster's analysis.
Loomis: I've spent 4 hours a day... 4 hours a day with this boy, everyday, for 6 months... far longer than any court psychiatrist.
Psychiatric Doctor #1: Dr. Loomis-...
Loomis: - -Michael Myers is the most dangerous patient I have ever observed.
Psychiatric Doctor #2: Doctor, there is no diagnostic evidence to support that statement.
Loomis: He's, he's covering up. This catatonia is, is a conscious act. There's an instinctive force within him. He's waiting.
Psychiatric Doctor #2: For what?
Loomis: I don't know.
Psychiatric Doctor #1: We can make a special recommendation to the court only if we feel there is a justifiable reason to change the patient's treatment. I can see no reason why he shouldn't remain here. We have adequate facilities for his care.
Loomis: There is insufficient security here. Please, I am begging you to reconsider your decision.
Psychiatric Doctor #2: Dr. Loomis, perhaps you should reconsider keeping him as your patient. We can find someone else to look after him.
Loomis: I'll stay with him.
Psychiatric Doctor #1: Now, is there anything else you wish to say, Dr. Loomis?
Loomis: You fooled them, haven't you, Michael?
Loomis: But not me.
Laurie: Hi.
Lynda: Hurry up, hurry up!
Laurie: What's wrong?
Lynda: Shut the door! Shut the door!
Lynda: Some guy is following me.
Laurie: You sure?
Lynda: Yeah, I'm sure. I think it's the guy that passed us in the street in that station wagon. I couldn't see him very well, but I think it's Steve Todd. His brother has a Station Wagon.
Laurie: You know, he was parked outside the school today. Right outside the window, he was starring at me.
Lynda: Steve Todd was starring at you?
Laurie: Somebody was. A while ago, he was in my backyard.
Lynda: Well, maybe he just wants a date.
Lynda: Or shut up!
Lynda: Well, someone could want a date.
Laurie: So, what do you want?
Lynda: Oh, Laurie, I totally have nothing to wear tonight. I was kind of hoping that you'd lend me that silk blouse that you got on your birthday.
Laurie: I haven't even worn it yet.
Lynda: I know, but I promise I won't spill anything on it or tear it or, or rip it or do any of those things.
Lynda: Laurie, stop worrying! It was Steve Todd.
Lynda: Well, answer it, it's just the phone.
Laurie: Hello?
Lynda: Who is it?
Annie: Laurie, I have to ask a big favor. I can't find anything to wear.
Laurie: Annie. She wants to borrow something.
Lynda: You promised!
Laurie: No, I didn't.
Laurie: Hi. Lynda's here, she wants to borrow my new blouse.
Annie: Lynda's a creep.
Annie: Is that guy still creeping around your backyard?
Laurie: He followed Lynda over here.
Annie: Well, if you see him, just go right up to him and tell him to buzz off... or if he's cute, ask him out.
Laurie: Annie, I gotta go. You gonna pick me up?
Annie: Right after Dinner. Hey, how about that ski sweater you got for Christmas?
Laurie: Bye.
Lynda: Bye, creep!
Annie: See ya.
Annie: Yuck.
Lynda: Where's the blouse?
Laurie: It's in my closet.
Lynda: I'll get it.
Laurie: Promise me you won't rip it!
Lynda: I totally promise.
Laurie: I totally don't believe.
Laurie: "I wish I had you all alone, just the two of us. I'll hold you close to me, so close to me, just the two of us. So close to me".     