
Daniel Dravot: Peachy, I'm heartily ashamed for gettin' you killed instead of going home rich like you deserved to, on account of me bein' so bleedin' high and bloody mighty. Can you forgive me?
Peachy Carnehan: That I can and that I do, Danny, free and full and without let or hindrance.
Daniel Dravot: Everything's all right then.
Daniel Dravot: Now listen to me you benighted muckers. We're going to teach you soldiering. The world's noblest profession. When we're done with you, you'll be able to slaughter your enemies like civilized men.
Billy Fish: He wants to know if you are gods.
Peachy Carnehan: Not gods - Englishmen. The next best thing.
Peachy Carnehan: Billy Fish, mount the mule and ride! There's a chance you'll make it!
Billy Fish: Gurkha foot soldier, not cavalry.
Billy Fish: Rifleman Majendra Bahadur Gurung wishing you many good lucks!
Billy Fish: Ayo Gorkhali!
Billy Fish: Ootah say take your pick. He have twenty three daughters.
Danny: Those are his daughters? Why the dirty old beggar!
Peachy Carnehan: Now, now Danny. Different countries, different ways. He's only being hospitable according to his lights. Billy, tell him one's as pretty as the next and we cannot choose.
Billy Fish: Ootah say he also have thirty-two sons if you are liking boys.
Peachy Carnehan: Tell him he makes my gorge rise; tell him!
Danny: Now Peachy, different countries, different ways. Tell Ootah we have vowed not to take a woman until all his enemies are vanquished.
Danny: You mean he's piled up a fortune of sixty cows out of her infidelities?
Billy Fish: And thirty-two goats.
Danny: She ain't a wife, she's a going concern!
Peachy Carnehan: It took him half an hour to fall.
Peachy Carnehan: Danny's only a man. But he break wind at both ends simultaneous - which is more, I reckon, than any god can do.
Peachy Carnehan: What's he saying, Billy?
Billy Fish: Danny's bleeding. They know! He says not god, not devil, but man!
Peachy Carnehan: They've twigged it, Danny. You've had it! The jig's up!
Daniel Dravot: I, Sikander -
Peachy Carnehan: For God's sake!
Peachy Carnehan: We've got to brass it out, Danny. Danny, brass it out!
Peachy Carnehan: Bags of swank!
Daniel Dravot: We'll get your riflemen, Peachy, and we'll come back and slaughter the dogs! A drenching in their own blood we'll give them! Riflemen, prepare to advance!
Peachy Carnehan: Too many for that, Danny. Retire in sections!
Daniel Dravot: Retire? Retire be damned!
Peachy Carnehan: We've gotta make a run for it!
Peachy Carnehan: And old Danny fell. Round and round and round and round, like a penny whirligig. Twenty thousand miles and it took him half an hour to fall before he struck the rocks. But do you know what they did to Peachy? They crucified, him, sah, between two pine trees. As Peachy's hands will show.
Peachy Carnehan: Put poor Peachy who had never done them any harm. He howled there and he screamed, but he didn't die. And one day they come and they took him down and they said it was a miracle he wasn't dead and then they set him down and they let him go. And Peachy come home, in about, a year. And the mountains they tried to fall on old Peachy, but he was quite safe because Daniel walked before him. And Daniel never let go of Peachy's hand and Peachy never let go of Daniel's head.
Rudyard Kipling: His head?
Peachy Carnehan: You knew Danny, sir. Oh, yes, you knew, most Worshipful Brother.
Peachy Carnehan: Daniel Dravot, Esquire. Well, he became king of Kafiristan, with a crown on his head and that's all there is to tell. I'll be on my way now sir, I've got urgent business in the south, I have to meet a man in Marwar Junction.
Billy Fish: I oft times tell Ootah about Englishmens. How they give names to dogs and take off hats to womans, and march into battle, left - right, left -right with rifles on their shoulders.
District Commissioner: It would have been wiser if you'd both gone home at the end of your army service.
Peachy Carnehan: Home to what? A porters uniform outside a restaurant, attainin' tips from belching civilians for closing cab doors on them and their blowsy women?
Daniel Dravot: Not for us, thank you. Not after watching Afghans come howling down out of the hills and taking battlefield command when all the officers had copped it.
Peachy Carnehan: Well said, Brother Dravot.
Daniel Dravot: The more tribes, the more they'll fight, and the better for us.
Peachy Carnehan: Now, the problem is, how to divide five Afghans from three mules and have two Englishmen left over.
Daniel Dravot: You are going to become soldiers. A soldier does not think. He only obeys. Do you really think that if a soldier thought twice he'd give his life for queen and country? Not bloody likely.
Daniel Dravot: Just looking, Peachy. There's such a thing as admiring beauty for its own sake.
Peachy Carnehan: Being only human, one thing leads to another.
Daniel Dravot, Peachy Carnehan: God's holy trousers!
Peachy Carnehan: They're savages here, one and all. Leave 'em to go back to slaughterin' babes, and playin' stickball with each other's heads, and pissin' on their neighbors.
Peachy Carnehan: Danny, let us seek safety on the battlefield.
Peachy Carnehan: Keep looking at me. It helps to keep my soul from flying off.
District Commissioner: The may be no criminal charges against you, but I'll see these files reach Calcutta with a recommendation that you be deported as political undesirables, detriments to the dignity of the Empire and the Izzat of the Raj.
Peachy Carnehan: Detriments you call us? Detriments? Well I want to remind you it was "detriments" like us that built this bloody Empire *and* the Izzat of the bloody Raj, 'ats on!
Daniel Dravot: In any place where they fight, a man who knows how to drill men can always be a King. We shall go to those parts and say to any King we find - "D'you want to vanquish your foes?' and we will show him how to drill men; for that we know better than anything else. Then we will subvert that King and seize his Throne and establish a Dynasty.
Danny: You mortals wait down there!
Peachy Carnehan: I have urgent business to the South.
Daniel Dravot: The slut bit me!
Daniel Dravot: You have our permission to bugger off!
Peachy Carnehan: I've come back. Give me a drink, Brother Kipling. Don't you know me?
Rudyard Kipling: No. I don't know you. Who are you? What can I do for you?
Peachy Carnehan: I told you; give me a drink. It was all settled right here in this office. Remember? Danny and Me signed a contract, and you witnessed it. You stood over there. I stood there, and Daniel stood here. Remember?
Rudyard Kipling: Carnehan!
Peachy Carnehan: Peachy Toliver Carnehan.
Peachy Carnehan: Of course.
Peachy Carnehan: Keep looking at me. It helps to keep my soul from flying off.
Rudyard Kipling: Carnehan.
Peachy Carnehan: The same - and not the same, who sat besides you in the first class carriage, on the train to Marwar Junction, three summers and a thousand years ago.
Peachy Carnehan: Do they always use such a big ball?
Billy Fish: Depend on size of man's head. Big head, big ball, small head, small ball. That Bashki man. Oh big damn head.
District Commissioner: I have your records before me. There's everything in them, from smuggling to swindling to receiving stolen goods to bare-faced blackmail.
Peachy Carnehan: Sir, I resent the accusation of blackmail. It is blackmail to obtain money by threats of publishing information *in* a newspaper. But what blackmail is there in accepting a small retainer for keeping it *out* of a newspaper?
District Commissioner: And how did you propose to keep it out?
Peachy Carnehan: By telling the editor what I know about his sister, and a certain government official in these parts.
Daniel Dravot: Let him put *that* in his paper, if he has need of news.
Peachy Carnehan: Pardon me while I fall down laughing. HA, HA, HA.     