
Flight Officer David Campbell: The thing that's always worried me about being one of the few is the way we keep on getting fewer.
Flight Officer David Campbell: He's dead. I'm crippled. You're lost. Do you suppose it's always like that? I mean war.
Maj. Werner Pluskat: You know those five thousand ships you say the Allies haven't got? Well, they've got them!
Destroyer Commander: You remember it. Remember every bit of it, 'cause we are on the eve of a day that people are going to talk about long after we are dead and gone.
Major General Gunther Blumentritt: Pemsel is convinced this is the invasion.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: No no no, I do not agree with him. This is my conclusion.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: Normandy is the site of a diversion. A diversion, Blumentritt! That is not where the main landings will take place, that will come at Pas-de-Calais, where it was always expected!
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: Where we always expected it.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: We can't take any chances. I want the reserve panzers moved forward.
Major General Gunther Blumentritt: But we need permission from the Fuhrer's headquarters.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: They won't dare refuse me! Call the Fuhrer's headquarters and insist. Insist, Blumentritt! Insist the panzers be released to me.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: A landing at Normandy would be against military logic. It would be against ALL logic.
Brigadier General Norman Cota: I don't have to tell you the story. You all know it. Only two kinds of people are gonna stay on this beach: those that are already dead and those that are gonna die. Now get off your butts. You guys are the Fighting 29th.
Radio Announcer: Wounds my heart with a monotonous languor.
Mayor of Colleville: Welcome; welcome, friends. I brought champagne, but I do know think it will be enough for all of you.
Lord Lovat: Quite alright. We have a pressing engagement; the war. Move inland.
Lord Lovat: Millen, Blue Bonnett!
Pvt. Clough: If you ask me, Flanagan, there are a lot of pretty peculiar blokes on this beach.
Capt. Colin Maud: My old grandmother used to say anything mechanical, give it a good bash.
Capt. Colin Maud: Try it now.
Private Flanagan: Sure, now; that did it.
Private Flanagan: Ah, now that's what I call a hell of a man!
Pvt. Clough: Aye, I like his dog too.
Capt. Colin Maud: Move inland. The war's that way.
Pvt. Clough: There it is, he's at it again! Have you ever heard such a racket in all your life?
Private Flanagan: Yeah, it takes an Irishman to play the pipes.
Radio Announcer: John has a long mustache.
Brig. Gen. Theodore Roosevelt Jr.: As best I can figure it, we're on the wrong beach. The control boat must have been confused by the smoke from the naval bombardment. They landed us about a mile and a quarter south of where we were supposed to land. We should be up there.
Col. Caffey: I agree with you, but what are we gonna do now? Our reinforcements and heavy equipment will be approaching in a very few minutes. What happens if they land at the right beach?
Brig. Gen. Theodore Roosevelt Jr.: The reinforcements will have to follow us wherever we are. We're starting the war from right here. Head inland. We're going inland.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: This is madness... madness... sheer madness!
Major General Gunther Blumentritt: I just talked to General Jodl... the Fuhrer is awake.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: I don't care if he's awake or not! What about the reserve panzers?
Major General Gunther Blumentritt: The Fuhrer went into one of his tantrums... and no one dared bring up the subject.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: They're still held in reserve!
Major General Gunther Blumentritt: Sir, if you would call the Fuhrer yourself I am convinced he would respect your views.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt: Call that Bohemian corporal? Crawl on my knees to him? No! It is out of the question!
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Vandervoort: You can't give the enemy a break. Send him to hell.
Private John Steele: Bonjour, mademoiselle. Je suis américain.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel: Just look at it, gentlemen. How calm... how peaceful it is. A strip of water between England and the continent... between the Allies and us. But beyond that peaceful horizon... a monster waits. A coiled spring of men, ships, and planes... straining to be released against us. But, gentlemen, not a single Allied soldier shall reach the shore. Whenever and wherever this invasion may come, gentlemen... I shall destroy the enemy there, at the water's edge. Believe me, gentlemen, the first 24 hours of the invasion will be decisive. For the Allies as well as the Germans, it will be the longest day... The longest day.
General Dwight D. Eisenhower: I'm quite positive we must give the order. I don't like it, but there it is. Gentlemen, I don't see how we can possibly do anything... but go.
Private Flanagan: Come on out, you dirty slobs! Flanagan's back!
Capt. Colin Maud: The war's over there!
Col. Josef 'Pips' Priller: Thank you, my dear Hans! You have just killed both of us!
Luftwaffe major: It is getting very difficult to get any sleep around here.
Col. Josef 'Pips' Priller: Your prospects for a long sleep have just improved. The invasion has begun at Normandy. We are to fly there and attack with our two planes.
Maj. John Howard: Up the Ox and Bucks! Up the Ox and Bucks!
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Vandervoort: I don't think I have to remind you that this war has been going on for almost 5 years. Over half of Europe has been overrun and occupied. We're comparative newcomers. England's gone through a blitz with a knife at her throat since 1940. I'm quite sure that they, too, are impatient and itching to go. Do I make myself clear?
Capt. Harding: Yes, sir. Quite clear.
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Vandervoort: 3 million men penned up on this island all over England in staging areas like this. We're on the threshold of the most crucial day of our times. 3 million men out there, keyed up, just waiting for that big step-off. We aren't exactly alone. Notify the men, full packs and equipment 1400 hours.
Capt. Harding: Yes, sir.
Lt. Col. Ocker: And just where, my dear Pluskat, are those ships going?
Maj. Werner Pluskat: Straight for me!
Private John Steele: Old man sure has changed since yesterday. Or maybe it's just that we've changed since yesterday...
Brig. Gen. James M. Gavin: And remember this... When you get to Normandy, you'll only have one friend - God
Brig. Gen. James M. Gavin: and this.
Major General Gunther Blumentritt: This is history. We are living an historical moment. We are going to lose the war because our glorious Führer has taken a sleeping pill and is not to be awakened. Sometimes I wonder which side God is on.
RAF pilot at flight base: Tonight. I KNOW it's tonight.
Flight Officer David Campbell: So it's tonight. Suits me fine. Tonight. This afternoon. NOW!
Flight Officer David Campbell: Or, at least, as soon as I finish this beer.
Radio announcer: There is fire at the travel agency.     