
Maria: You know how Sister Berthe always makes me kiss the floor after we've had a disagreement? Well, lately I've taken to kissing the floor whenever I see her coming, just to save time.
Maria: When the Lord closes a door, somewhere He opens a window.
Captain von Trapp: It's the dress. You'll have to put on another one before you meet the children.
Maria: But I don't have another one. When we entered the abbey our worldly clothes were given to the poor.
Captain von Trapp: What about this one?
Maria: The poor didn't want this one.
Herr Zeller: Perhaps those who would warn you that the Anschluss is coming - and it is coming, Captain - perhaps they would get further with you by setting their words to music.
Captain von Trapp: If the Nazis take over Austria, I have no doubt, Herr Zeller, that you will be the entire trumpet section.
Herr Zeller: You flatter me, Captain.
Captain von Trapp: Oh, how clumsy of me - I meant to accuse you.
Sister Margaretta: Reverend Mother, I have sinned.
Sister Berthe: I, too, Reverend Mother.
Mother Abbess: What is this sin, my children?
Sister Margaretta: After all, the wool from the black sheep is just as warm.
Maria: Children can't do all the things they're supposed to if they have to worry about spoiling their precious clothes.
Captain von Trapp: They haven't complained yet.
Maria: Well, they wouldn't dare! They love you too much. They *fear* you too much!
Captain von Trapp: I don't wish you to discuss my children in this manner.
Maria: Well, you've got to hear from someone! You're never home long enough to know them.
Captain von Trapp: I said I don't want to hear anymore from you about my children!
Maria: I know you don't, but you've got to! Now, take Liesl.
Captain von Trapp: You will not say one word about Liesl, Fraulein.
Maria: She's not a child anymore, and one of these days, you're going to wake up and find that she's a woman. You won't even know her. And Friedrich, he's a boy, but he wants to be a man and there's no one to show him how.
Captain von Trapp: Don't you dare tell me about my son.
Maria: Brigitta could tell you about him if you let her get close to you. She notices everything.
Captain von Trapp: Fraulein...
Maria: And Kurt pretends he's tough not to show how hurt he is when you brush him aside,
Captain von Trapp: That will do!
Maria: the way you do all of them. Louisa I don't even know about yet,
Captain von Trapp: I said that will do!
Maria: but somebody has to find out about her, and the little ones just want to be loved. Oh, please, Captain, love them! Love them all!
Captain von Trapp: I don't care to hear anything further from you about my children.
Maria: I am not finished yet, Captain!
Captain von Trapp: Oh, yes, you are, Captain!
Captain von Trapp: Fraulein!
Kurt: Only grown-up men are scared of women.
The Baroness: Somewhere out there is a lady who I think will never be a nun. Auf Wiedersehen, darling.
Captain von Trapp: Now, when I want you, this is what you will hear.
Maria: Oh, no, sir. I'm sorry, sir. I could never answer to a whistle. Whistles are for dogs and cats and other animals, but not for children and definitely not for me. It would be too... humiliating.
Captain von Trapp: Fraulein, were you this much trouble at the Abbey?
Maria: Oh, much more, sir.
Captain von Trapp: Hmm.
Maria: Excuse me, sir. I don't know your signal
Kurt: I wonder what grass tastes like.
Captain von Trapp: You brought music back into the house. I had forgotten.
Maria: Kurt, how are you?
Kurt: Hungry.
Captain von Trapp: Maria, there isn't going to be any Baroness anymore.
Maria: I don't understand.
Captain von Trapp: Well, we called off our engagement, you see, and...
Maria: Oh, I'm sorry.
Captain von Trapp: Yes. You are?
Maria: Mm-hmm. You did?
Captain von Trapp: Yes. Well, you can't marry someone when you're in love with someone else... can you?
Max: How many have I had?
Maid: Two.
Max: Make it an uneven three.
Frau Schmidt: You're lucky. With Fraulein Helga, it was a snake!
Maria: Gretl, what happened to your finger?
Gretl: It got caught.
Maria: Caught in what?
Gretl: Friedrich's teeth.
Captain von Trapp: What's that?
Maria: It's singing.
Captain von Trapp: Yes, I realize it's singing, but who?
Maria: The children.
Captain von Trapp: The children?
Maria: I taught them something to sing for the Baroness.
Louisa von Trapp: I'm Brigitta.
Maria: You didn't tell me how old you are... Louisa.
Brigitta: I'm Brigitta, she's Louisa. She's thirteen years old, and you're smart! I'm ten, and I think your dress is the ugliest one I ever saw!
Maria: I can't seem to stop singing wherever I am. And what's worse, I can't seem to stop saying things - anything and everything I think and feel.
Mother Abbess: Some people would call that honesty.
Maria: Oh, but it's terrible, Reverend Mother.
Herr Zeller: I've not asked you where you and your family are going. Nor have you asked me why I am here.
Captain von Trapp: Well, apparently, we're both suffering from a deplorable lack of curiosity.
Max: The Von Trapp Family Singers. Here are your names: Liesl, Friedrich, Louisa, Brigitta, Kurt, Marta and Gretl.
Gretl: Why am I always last?
Max: Because you are the most important.
Captain von Trapp: Fraulein Maria, did I or did I not say that bedtime is to be strictly observed in this household?
Maria: Yes, well the children were scared of the thunderstorm and... You did, sir.
Captain von Trapp: And do you or do you not have trouble following these simple instructions?
Maria: Only during thunderstorms, sir.
Maria: I'd like to thank you all for the precious gift you left in my pocket today.
Captain von Trapp: What gift?
Maria: It's meant to be a secret between the children and me.
Captain von Trapp: Then I suggest you keep it, and let us eat.
Maria: Knowing how nervous I must have been, a stranger in a new household, knowing how important it was for me to feel accepted, it was so kind and thoughtful of you to make my first moments here so warm and happy and pleasant.
Maria: Silver white winters that melt into springs, these are a few of my favorite things
The Baroness: You're far away. Where are you?
Captain von Trapp: In a world that's disappearing, I'm afraid.
Maria: I forgot the other boy. Oh, what's his name? Oh, well, God bless What's-his-name.
Maria: You boys weren't scared, too, were you?
Friedrich von Trapp: No. We just wanted to be sure that you weren't.
Maria: That was very thoughtful of you, Friedrich.
Friedrich von Trapp: It wasn't my idea. It was Kurt's.
Maria: Kurt! That's the one I left out. God bless Kurt!
Max: Friedrich, Gretl, why don't you sing?
Gretl: I can't, I've got a sore finger.
Maria: Why didn't you children tell me you could dance?
Kurt: We were afraid you'd make us all dance together. The von Trapp Family dancers.
Captain von Trapp: Now, Fraulein. I want a truthful answer from you.
Maria: Yes, Captain?
Captain von Trapp: Is it possible - or could I have just imagined it - have my children by any chance been climbing trees today?
Maria: Yes, Captain.
Captain von Trapp: I see. And where, may I ask, did they get these... ummm...
Maria: Play clothes.
Captain von Trapp: Oh, is that what you call them?
Maria: I made them. From the drapes that used to hang in my bedroom.
Captain von Trapp: Drapes?
Maria: They still have plenty of wear left. The children have been everywhere in them.
Captain von Trapp: Do you mean to tell me that my children have been roaming about Salzburg dressed up in nothing but some old drapes?
Maria: Mmm-hmmm. And having a marvelous time!
Captain von Trapp: My fellow Austrians, I shall not be seeing you again perhaps for a very long time. I would like to sing for you now... a love song. I know you share this love. I pray that you will never let it die.
Maria: Dear Father, now I know why You sent me here. To help these children prepare for a new mother. And I pray this will become a happy family in Thy sight. God bless the captain. God bless Liesl and Friedrich. God bless Louisa, Brigitta, Marta and little Gretl. And I forgot the other boy. What's his name? Well, God bless what's-his-name. God bless the Reverend Mother and Sister Margaretta and everybody at the abbey. And now, dear God, about Liesl. Help her know that I'm her friend and help her tell me what she's been up to.
Liesl: Are you going to tell on me?
Maria: Help me to be understanding so I may guide her footsteps. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost.
Liesl: I was out walking and somebody locked the doors early. I didn't want to wake everybody, so when I saw your window open. You're not going to tell Father, are you?
Maria: How in the world did you climb up here?
Liesl: It's how we always got in to play tricks on the governess. Louisa can make it with a whole jar of spiders in her hand.
Maria: Spiders? Liesl, were you out walking all by yourself? If we wash that dress tonight, nobody would notice it tomorrow. You could put this on. Take your dress and put it to soak in the bathtub. Come back here and sit on the bed, and we'll have a talk.
Liesl: I told you today I didn't need a governess. Well, maybe I do.
Maria: I'd like to thank each and every one of you for the precious gift you left in my pocket today.
Captain von Trapp: Um, what gift?
Maria: It's meant to be a secret, Captain, between the children and me.
Captain von Trapp: Uh-huh. Then I suggest that you keep it, and let us eat.
Maria: Knowing how nervous I must have been, a stranger in a new household, knowing how important it was for me to feel accepted. It was so kind and thoughtful of you to make my first moments here so warm and happy and... pleasant.
Captain von Trapp: What is the matter, Marta?
Marta: Nothing.
Captain von Trapp: Uh, Fräulein... is it to be at every meal, or merely at dinnertime, that you, uh, intend leading us all through this rare and wonderful new world of... indigestion?
Maria: Oh, they're all right, Captain. They're just happy.
Liesl: I'm Liesl. I'm sixteen years old and I don't need a governess.
Rolfe: Dear Liesl, I would like to tell you how I feel about you STOP Unfortunately, this wire is already too expensive Sincerely, Rolfe
Liesl: Sincerely?
Rolfe: Cordially?
Liesl: Cordially?
Rolfe: Affectionately?
Liesl: Wheeeeeeeeeee!
Captain von Trapp: Fraulein, is it to be at every meal, or merely at dinnertime, that you intend on leading us all through this rare and wonderful new world of... indigestion?
Mother Abbess: Maria, these walls were not meant to shut out problems. You have to face them. You have to live the life you were born to live.
Gretl: It'll be my first party, father.
Maria: The hills are alive with the sound of music / With songs they have sung for a thousand years. / The hills fill my heart with the sound of music. / My heart wants to sing every song it hears.
Frau Schmidt: The Von Trapp children don't play. They march.
Captain von Trapp: You are the twelfth in a long line of governesses who have come here to look after my children since their mother died. I trust you will be an improvement on the last one. She stayed only two hours.
The Baroness: There's nothing more irresistible to a man than a woman who's in love with him.
Marta: Can we really keep the puppet show, Uncle Max?
Max: Of course. Why else do you think I had Professor Cohen send the bill to your father?
Max: I like rich people. I like the way they live. I like the way I live when I'm with them.
Kurt: I haven't had so much fun since the day we put glue on Fräulein Josephine's toothbrush.
Marta: I'm Marta, and I'm going to be seven on Tuesday, and I'd like a pink parasol.
Maria: Well, pink's my favorite color, too.
Captain von Trapp: I don't care to hear anything further from you about my children.
Maria: I am not finished yet!
Captain von Trapp: Oh, yes, you are, Captain!
Captain von Trapp: Fraulein.
Maria: What is it?
Captain von Trapp: Berlin. They've offered me a commission. I've been requested to accept immediately and report to their naval base at Bremerhaven tomorrow.
Maria: I knew this would happen. I didn't think it would be so soon.
Captain von Trapp: To refuse them would be fatal for all of us. And joining them would be unthinkable.
Max: He's got to at least *pretend* to work with these people. You must convince him.
Maria: I can't ask him to be less than he is.
Liesl: How else are we supposed to get Father's attention?
Brigitta: Yes.
Maria: Well, we'll have to think about that one.
Max: Hold on. What's so funny?
Captain von Trapp: You are, Max. Expensive, but very funny.
Brigitta: I think your dress is the ugliest one I ever saw!
Kurt: Brigitta, you shouldn't say that!
Brigitta: Why not? Don't you think it's ugly?
Kurt: Of course, but Fraulein Helga's was ugliest.
Marta: Why doesn't father turn the motor on?
Kurt: Because he doesn't want anybody to hear us!
Captain von Trapp: Shh!
Louisa von Trapp: What will Frau Schmidt and Franz said when they discover we're gone?
Maria: They'll be able to answer truthfully they didn't know anything about it if anyone asks them.
Louisa von Trapp: Will we be coming back here?
Maria: Someday, Liesl. I do hope someday.
Gretl: Are Father and Uncle Max going to push the car all the way to Switzerland?
Maria: Shh!
Max: What's going to happen's going to happen. Just make sure it doesn't happen to you.
Captain von Trapp: Max. Don't you *ever* say that again.
Max: You know I have no political convictions. Can I help it if other people do?
Captain von Trapp: Oh yes, you can help it. You must help it.
Maria: There were times when we would look at each other - oh Mother, I could hardly breathe.
The Baroness: Darling, haven't you ever heard of a delightful little thing called boarding school?
Marta: The least they could have done is to let us say hello.
Marta: Why don't we ever get to see the baroness?
Kurt: Why would she want to see you?
Liesl: So long, farewell, au revoir, auf Wiedersehen! I'd like to stay and taste my first champagne. Yes?
Captain von Trapp: No!
Max: I hope you appreciate the sacrifice I'm making.
Captain von Trapp: You have no choice.
Max: I know... That's why I'm making it.
Captain von Trapp: Oh, there's nothing wrong with the children. Only the governesses.
Friedrich von Trapp: I'm Friedrich. I'm fourteen. I'm impossible!
Maria: Really? Who told you that, Friedrich?
Friedrich von Trapp: Fraulein Josephine, four governesses ago.
Max: I shall miss all of you. I shall miss the money I could have made with you!
The Baroness: My dear, is there anything you can't do?
Maria: Well, I'm not sure I'll make a very good nun.
The Baroness: If you have any problems, I'll be happy to help you.
Maria: Reverend Mother, I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself. -The hills were beckoning and... the sky was so blue today... and everything was so green and fragrant, I had to be a part of it. The Untersberg led me higher like it wanted me to go through the clouds.
Mother Abbess: Suppose darkness had come and you were lost?
Maria: Mother, I could never be lost up there. That's my mountain. I was brought up on it. It was the mountain that led me to you. When I was a child, I would come down and climb a tree... and look in your garden. I'd see the sisters at work and hear them sing... Which brings me to another transgression, Reverend Mother. I was singing out there today.
Mother Abbess: Only in the abbey do we have rules about postulants singing.
Maria: I can't stop wherever I am. Worse, I can't seem to stop saying things. Everything I think and feel.
The Baroness: Fond as I am of you... I really don't think you're the right man for me. You're, um... You're much too independent. And I - I need someone who needs me desperately... or at least needs my money desperately.
The Baroness: Not too sweet, not too sour.
Max: Just too, uh... pink.
Captain von Trapp: You'll never be one of them.
Rolfe: Lieutenant! Lieutenant, they're here! They're here, Lieutenant!
The Baroness: Why didn't you tell me?
Max: What?
The Baroness: To bring along my harmonica.
Maria: Yes, you're Gretl. And you're five years old? My, you're practically a lady.
Captain von Trapp: The first rule of this household is discipline.
Brigitta: Uncle Max, are you sure Father will approve of our singing in public?
Max: Oh, he'll be pleased and proud.
Brigitta: Liesl, do you think so?
Max: Don't you trust me?
Brigitta: No.
Max: You're a very intelligent girl.     