
Title card: Where life had no value, death, sometimes, had its price. That is why the bounty killers appeared.
Monco: Ten thousand... twelve thousand... fifteen... sixteen... seventeen... twenty-two. Twenty-two?
Monco: ...Twenty-seven.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Any trouble, boy?
Monco: No, old man. Thought I was having trouble with my adding. It's all right now.
Monco: Tell me, Colonel... Were you ever young?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Yup. And just as reckless as you. Then one day, something happened. It made life very precious to me.
Monco: What's that?
Monco: Or is the question indiscreet?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: No. No, the question isn't indiscreet. But the answer could be.
Wild, The Hunchback: Well well, if it isn't the smoker. Well... Remember me, amigo?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: M-Mm.
Wild, The Hunchback: 'Course you do. El Paso.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: It's a small world.
Wild, The Hunchback: Yes, and very, very bad. Now come on, you light another match.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: I generally smoke just after I eat. Why don't you come back in about ten minutes?
Wild, The Hunchback: Ten minutes you'll be smoking in hell. Get up!
Monco: Alive or dead? It's your choice.
Train Conductor: Hey, Mister. You just can't pull the emergency cord and jump off! Tell me, why did you stop that train? If you wanna get off, you're...
Train Conductor: Well, the railroad company would might be pleased to make any arrangements for any passenger, if you wanna get off, Dear Sir.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: I did get off. Thanks.
El Indio: When the chimes end, pick up your gun. Try and shoot me, Colonel. Just try.
'Baby' Red Cavanaugh: I didn't hear what the bet was.
Monco: Your life.
Cuccillo: Who did it?
El Indio: Why don't you look at the knife?
Cuccillo: It's mine.
El Indio: And it shouldn't be there, should it?
Sherrif of White Rocks: Two thousand dollars. It's a lot of money. Takes me three years to earn it!
Monco: Tell me, isn't the sheriff supposed to be courageous, loyal, and above all, honest?
Sherrif of White Rocks: Yeah. That he is.
Monco: I think you people need a new sheriff.
Monco: There seems to be a family resemblance.
Monco: Here.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Naturally, between brother and sister.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: One from the outside one from the inside. There's no other way.One of us will have to join Indio's gang.
Monco: Why did you look at me when you said one of us?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Because they don't know you. Wild sees me and his hump will catch on fire.
Monco: Tell me Colonel... how do you propose that I join up with Indio? Maybe bring him a bunch of roses?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: When two hunters go after the same prey, they usually end up shooting each other in the back. And we don't want to shoot each other in the back.
Monco: Then the Colonel dies...
Monco: Very careless of you, old man.
El Indio: Adios amigo!
Fernando: That's the bank! As soon as I get some money, I'll put it in.
Monco: But you're gonna have to earn it first.
Monco: How can somebody in my business go around with a contraption like this?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: That contraption almost sent you to your grave.
Monco: Which way we headed?
El Indio: North.
Monco: North? Along Rio Bravo Canyon?
El Indio: Why not?
Monco: Seems like a pretty good place for an ambush to me.
El Indio: You know a better way to go?
Monco: Yeah, south.
El Indio: Hm... ride to the border?
Train Conductor: Tickets. Tickets, please. Tickets. Tickets. Thank you. Tickets.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Is this part of Tucumcari?
Train Conductor: We should pass there in about three to four minutes.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Thanks.
Carpetbagger on Train: Well, eh, excuse me, but you made a mistake, Reverend. I couldn't help hearing you're going to Tucumcari. I sell goods around here, and I gotta tell you, you're on the wrong train. I think the nearest stop to Tucumcari is Amarillo. By getting off at Santa Fe and returning by way of Amarillo, you should be able to get right where... you're... going.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Huh...
Carpetbagger on Train: Uh... you see the train doesn't stop at Tucumcari.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: This train'll stop at Tucumcari...
Groggy: Indio calls and Groggy comes running.
El Indio: And Sancho?
Groggy: If you're waiting for Sancho I'll come back in another four years. He's in prison. No amore, no dinero, no sun.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: My boy, you've become rich.
Monco: You mean *we've* become rich, old man.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: No, it's all yours. I think you deserve it.
Monco: What about our partnership?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Maybe next time.
Santa Cruz telegraphist: Mister I didn't hear any shots at the bank.I sure would have.
Monco: You might hear one.The alarm.
El Indio: And you will wait a month to get your share.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Naturally! I'll be in the tavern.
Tomaso: They're both innocent, I was the one you know that.
El Indio: I know. I'm sure you hate me just enough.
Nino: Slim. A change of plan.
Slim, member of Indio's gang: What is it Nino?
Nino: Indio wants you to...
Nino: Here are your guns without bullets. And listen don't let Indio find you both around.
Old Prophet: I don't know him, I don't know him, I don't know him!
Monco: Come on now, you know everybody.
Old Prophet: Don't know anybody anymore! I'm dead! Understand?
Old Prophet: Well, there was a time when I knew everybody. That was a long time ago, when all this was prairie. But lately everybody's in a hurry, with your damned good-for-nothing trains!
Old Prophet: Toot toot toot *tweet*!
Old Prophet: Disgusting!
Old Prophet: One day someone from the railroad comes here to see me and he says, 'Prophet, the railway's gonna go right past your house.' 'Oh, is that so?' I said. 'Mm-hm, yup that's right he says, 'All those trains gonna go right past here, and the best thing for you, Prophet, is to sell your land to the company or else we'll buy Baker's. He lives next to your place, and I'll put the tracks there, and that'll make you go crazy. What do you say, will you sell out to our company, Prophet?' "Oh, is that so?' says I.
Old Prophet: He was *very* anxious for me to sell out. You know what I told him about the railroad? You know what I told him he could do with his railroad?
Old Prophet: You know what my decision about selling was?
Monco: Well, you said no.
Old Prophet: You're right about that! No to him and his damn trains! I wouldn't, no!
Monco: Look, listen to me, old man! You're supposed to be a prophet, and I didn't come here to listen to you rattle on about trains! I want to find out about this man, it's obvious you don't know anything.
Old Prophet: No need to be insulting! If that's all you came here to do, you can clear out of my house fast, before I lose my temper, understand?
Old Prophet: *Say*! Where you going, hm?
Monco: I guess I better leave before you go and lose your temper!
El Indio: Yes, I have many friends here. It looks just like a morgue. But look out. It could be one so easily.
El Indio: They don't like strangers, huh?
Groggy: No. They don't like anybody!
Col. Douglas Mortimer: I was worried about you - all alone, with so many problems to solve...
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Indio! Listen to me. This is Colonel Mortimer.Douglas Mortimer.Does the name mean anything to you!
Monco: Take it to the station. The gentleman's leaving.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Hold it. Take it back.
Monco: Take it to the station.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Go inside.
Monco: The station.
Monco: Bravo.
Monco: Tell me, isn't the Sheriff supposed to be courageous, loyal, and above all honest?
Sherrif of White Rocks: Yeah, that he is.
Monco: I think you people need a new Sheriff.
Monco: Why this hotel and not some other?
Fernando: You probably wouldn't that other place as much, senor. At that place you'd stay up half the night shooting cockroaches. At this hotel, the rooms will cost you so much less. And there's a landlady at this one, senor!
Monco: Married?
Fernando: Yes, but she doesn't care!
Half-shaved bounty hunter: Let Red go!
Monco: You mind telling me how you got here?
Col. Douglas Mortimer: I just reasoned it out. I figured you'd tell Indio to do just exactly the opposite of what we agreed, and he's suspicious enough to figure out something else. Since El Paso was out of the question, well, here I am!
El Indio: I'm letting you live, hero. That way you can tell everyone what takes place here.
El Paso Bank Manager: To try robbing us would be so futile that only a complete fool would attempt it.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Yeah. Or a complete madman.
Sancho Perez, Member of Indio's Gang: Amigo, why did you help me out?
Monco: Well that's such an high reward offered on all you gentlemen. That I thought I might just tag along on your next robbery. Might just turn you into the law.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Leave Indio to me.
Monco: All right.
El Indio: It's easy enough to steal. The trouble is in keeping the loot.
Hotel Manager: "He's nothing but a wild vicious animal."
Mary - Hotel Manager's Beautiful Wife: "He's tall!" "Isn't he."
Mary - Hotel Manager's Beautiful Wife: Hotel Manager: "You're just dirty!"
Tucumcari sheriff: Seven, eight, nine... there, 1,000 bucks.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: What do you know about Cavanagh?
Tucumcari sheriff: About a week ago, he was seen in White Rocks.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Thanks.
Tucumcari sheriff: If it's any interest to you, somebody else dropped in earlier this morning to see me about him.
Col. Douglas Mortimer: Who?
Tucumcari sheriff: I'd never seen him before. He said his name is 'Manco'.     