
Old Ghost Woman: Men are vain and death is long, And pride dies first within the grave, For hair and nails are growing still, When face and fame are gone, Nothing in this world will save, Or measure up man's actions here, Nor in the next - for there is none, This life must end in fear, Only evil may maintain, An afterlife for those who will, Who love this world - who have no son, To whom ambition calls, Even so - this false fame falls, Death will reign - man dies in vain.
Lady Asaji Washizu: Admirable, my Lord. You, who would soon rule the world, allow a ghost to frighten you.
Taketori Washizu: I am terribly drunk...
Lady Asaji Washizu: I am... with child.
Asaji attendant: My Lady!
Lady Asaji Washizu: Will it never be gone? The blood. I wash and wash, yet the blood remains - and the smell! Will my hands never again be clean?
Taketori Washizu: Asaji!
Lady Asaji Washizu: There is still blood. My hands. Why do they not become clean? I wash and wash, stilll they smell of blood.
Taketori Washizu: Asaji!
Yoshiaki Miki: Can you see the future as I see you?
Old Ghost Woman: Honorable Captain Miki. You are in command of Fort Two. Today you will take command of Fort One.
Yoshiaki Miki: Command of Fort One?
Yoshiaki Miki: And what then?
Old Ghost Woman: Your luck turns slower... but it lasts longer than that of Captain Washizu.
Yoshiaki Miki: Slower? How do you mean?
Old Ghost Woman: Your son will eventually become the Lord of Cobweb Castle.
Taketori Washizu: Cowards! I see it now! You'll slay me and offer my head when you surrender!
Washizu soldier: A message from Lady Asaji! "If arrows cannot open the gates, then a corpse will."
Taketori Washizu: There he is again!
Taketori Washizu: If you hate me, why not draw your sword?
Messenger: Fujimaki begs to surrender. In apology he offers to shave his head.
Kuniharu Tsuzuki: His offer is not accepted. Noriyasu! Go to the North Castle. Kill the traitor!
Old Ghost Woman: You humans! Never will I comprehend you. You are afraid of your desires - you try to hide them.
Yoshiaki Miki: My only wish would be a long, quiet sleep.
Taketori Washizu: I feel I am already sleeping and have had a frightening dream. What that witch or spirit said, that is what I dream of.
Yoshiaki Miki: We dream of what we wish.
Yoshiaki Miki: What warrior would not want to be lord of a mighty castle?
Lady Asaji Washizu: What warrior would not want to be lord of a mighty castle?
Taketori Washizu: Miki would never speak of it. He is my best friend.
Lady Asaji Washizu: He is ambitious. Children kill their parents for less. This is a wicked world. To save yourself you often first must kill. It is possible that Miki has already betrayed you. I fear this.
Taketori Washizu: His Lordship trust me more than anyone else. And that is why he has given me the honor of leading the attack.
Lady Asaji Washizu: Where arrows will find you not only from the front but from the rear.
Washizu samurai: I have fought in many battles and have seen blood, yet this stain horrifies me. Because this is the blood of a dog, the blood of a despised traitor. He was a coward too. Cried for mercy after his revolt was over.
Lady Asaji Washizu: Listen, even the crow is saying: The throne is yours.
Lady Asaji Washizu: Without ambition, man is not man.
Lady Asaji Washizu: I did not stain my hands with blood to forward Yoshiteru, Miki's son.
Old Samurai Entertainer: All of you wicked, listen while I tell of a man, vain, Guileful, vile, Who through ambitious, insolent, Could not escape his punishment.
Taketori Washizu: Stop the dance!
Washizu Guard #1: I cannot believe that this castle is as strong as it was.
Washizu Guard #2: I heard something, too. The rats have begun to leave.
Washizu Guard #3: It is said that rats leave the house just before it burns.
Taketori Washizu: Get my horse! Get my horse!
Old Ghost Woman: If you choose ambition, lord, then choose it honestly, with cruelty.
Old Ghost Woman: If you would make a mountain of the dead, pile it so it reaches the sky.
Old Ghost Woman: If you would shed blood, then let it run as a river.     