
Calvera: What I don't understand is why a man like you took the job in the first place, hmm? Why, huh?
Chris: I wonder myself.
Calvera: No, come on, come on, tell me why.
Vin: It's like a fellow I once knew in El Paso. One day, he just took all his clothes off and jumped in a mess of cactus. I asked him that same question, "Why?"
Calvera: And?
Vin: He said, "It seemed to be a good idea at the time."
Village Boy 2: We're ashamed to live here. Our fathers are cowards.
O'Reilly: Don't you ever say that again about your fathers, because they are not cowards. You think I am brave because I carry a gun; well, your fathers are much braver because they carry responsibility, for you, your brothers, your sisters, and your mothers. And this responsibility is like a big rock that weighs a ton. It bends and it twists them until finally it buries them under the ground. And there's nobody says they have to do this. They do it because they love you, and because they want to. I have never had this kind of courage. Running a farm, working like a mule every day with no guarantee anything will ever come of it. This is bravery. That's why I never even started anything like that... that's why I never will.
Chris Adams: I have been offered a lot for my work, but never everything.
Chris: You forget one thing. We took a contract.
Vin: It's sure not the kind any court would enforce.
Chris: That's just the kind you've got to keep.
Calvera: If God didn't want them sheared, he would not have made them sheep.
Chris: Morning. I'm a friend of Harry Luck's. He tells me you're broke.
O'Reilly: Nah. I'm doing this because I'm an eccentric millionaire.
Chico: Ah, that was the greatest shot I've ever seen.
Britt: The worst! I was aiming at the horse.
Old Man: You worry about yourself. Are you ready for him?
Old Man: What if he comes now, huh?
Vin: Reminds me of that fellow back home that fell off a ten story building.
Chris: What about him?
Vin: Well, as he was falling people on each floor kept hearing him say, "So far, so good." Tch... So far, so good!
Vin: We deal in lead, friend.
Chico: Villages like this they make up a song about every big thing that happens. Sing them for years.
Chris Adams: You think it's worth it?
Chico: Don't you?
Chris Adams: It's only a matter of knowing how to shoot a gun. Nothing big about that.
Chico: Hey. How can you talk like this? Your gun has got you everything you have. Isn't that true? Hmm? Well, isn't that true?
Vin: Yeah, sure. Everything. After awhile you can call bartenders and faro dealers by their first name - maybe two hundred of 'em! Rented rooms you live in - five hundred! Meals you eat in hash houses - a thousand! Home - none! Wife - none! Kids... none! Prospects - zero. Suppose I left anything out?
Chris Adams: Yeah. Places you're tied down to - none. People with a hold on you - none. Men you step aside for - none.
Lee: Insults swallowed - none. Enemies - none.
Chris Adams: No enemies?
Lee: Alive.
Chico: Well. This is the kind of arithmetic I like.
Chris Adams: Yeah. So did I at your age.
Chris: The old man was right. Only the farmers won. We lost. We always lose.
Village Boy 1: If you get killed, we take the rifle and avenge you.
Village Boy 2: And we see to it there's always fresh flowers on your grave.
O'Reilly: That's a mighty big comfort.
Village Boy 2: I told you he'll appreciate that!
O'Reilly: Well, now don't you kids be too disappointed if your plans don't work out.
Village Boy 1: We won't. If you stay alive, we'll be just as happy.
Village Boy 2: Maybe even happier.
Village Boy 1: Maybe.
Britt: Nobody throws me my own guns and says run. Nobody.
Hilario: Even if we had the guns, we know how to plant and grow, we don't know how to kill.
Old Man: Then learn, or die!
Hilario: Very young and very proud.
Chris: Well, the graveyards are full of boys who were very young and very proud.
Calvera: You came back - for a place like this. Why? A man like you. Why?
Calvera: Last month we were in San Juan. Rich town. Sit down. Rich town, much blessed by God. Big church. Not like here - little church, priest comes twice a year. BIG one. You'd think we'd find gold candlesticks. Poor box filled to overflowing. Do you know what we found? Brass candlesticks. Almost nothing in the poor box.
Sidekick: But we took it anyway.
Calvera: I KNOW we took it anyway. I'm trying to show him how little religion some people now have.
Vin: Twenty dollars? You must be living in style.
Lee: Yes... I have the most stylish corner of the filthy storeroom out back. That and one plate of beans. Ten dollars a day.
Vin: You know the first time I took a job as a hired gun, fellow told me, "Vin, you can't afford to care." There's your problem.
Chris: One thing I don't need is somebody telling me my problem.
Vin: Like I said before, that's your problem. You got involved in this village and the people in it.
Chris: Do you ever get tired of hearing yourself talk?
Vin: The reason I understand your problem so well is that I walked in the same trap myself. Yeah. First day we got here, I started thinking: Maybe I could put my gun away, settle down, get a little land, raise some cattle. Things that these people know about me be to my credit - wouldn't work against me. I just didn't want you to think you were the only sucker in town.
Calvera: New wall.
Chris: There are lots of new walls, all around.
Calvera: They won't keep me out!
Chris: They were built to keep you in.
Calvera: You'll do much better on the other side of the border. There you can steal cattle, hold up trains... all you have to face is sheriff, marshall. Once I rob a bank in Texas; your government get after me with a whole army... whole army! One little bank. Is clear the meaning: in Texas, only Texans can rob banks. Ha ha.
Calvera: Adios!
Chamlee: I'm sorry, friend, but there'll be no funeral.
Henry: What?
Chamlee: Oh, the grave is dug and the defunct there is as ready as the embalmers ought to make him. But there'll be no funeral.
Henry: What's the matter? Didn't I pay enough?
Chamlee: It's not a question of money. For twenty dollars, I'd plant anybody with a hoop and a holler. But the funeral is off.
Henry: Now how do you like that. I want him buried, you want him buried and if he could sit up and talk, he'd second the motion. Now that's as unanimous as you can get.
Chamlee: I don't like it, no sir. I've always treated every man the same: just as another, future customer.
Henry: Well in that case, get that hearse rolling.
Chamlee: I can't, my driver's quit!
Robert: He's prejudiced too, huh?
Chamlee: Well, when it comes to a chance of getting his head blown off, he's downright bigoted.
Calvera: Generosity... that was my first mistake. I leave these people a little bit extra, and then they hire these men to make trouble. It shows you, sooner or later, you must answer for every good deed.
Vin: What're you gonna do when Calvera comes?
Old Man: At my age, a little excitement is welcome. Don't worry. Why would he kill me? Bullets cost money.
Vin: We heard you got that Salinas thing cleaned up in five weeks.
O'Reilly: They paid me $800 for that one.
Vin: And Johnson County in four weeks.
O'Reilly: They paid me $500 for that one.
Vin: You cost a lot.
O'Reilly: Yeah, I cost a lot.
Chris: The pay is $20.
O'Reilly: $20? Right now, that's a lot.
Calvera: I should have guessed. When my men didn't come back I should have guessed. How many of you did they hire?
Chris: Enough!
Calvera: Now, to business! I could kill you all. You agree?
Calvera: Well, you don't disagree!
Old Man: You could a-stay, you know. They wouldn't be sorry to have you a-stay.
Vin: They won't be sorry to see us go, either.
Old Man: Yes. The fighting is over. Your work is done. For them, each season has its tasks. If there were a season for gratitude, they'd show it more.
Vin: We didn't get any more than we expected, old man.
Old Man: Only the farmers have won. They remain forever. They are like the land itself. You helped rid them of Calvera, the way a strong wind helps rid them of locusts. You're like the wind - blowing over the land and... passing on. Vaya con dios.
Chris: Adios.
Vin: Rojas is makin' room for you in his home.
Old Man: Rojas? His conversation would bore me to death!
Vin: Yeah, well, maybe somebody else, huh?
Old Man: hey are all farmers. Farmers talk of nothing but fertiliser and women. I've never shared their enthusiasm for fertiliser. As for women, I became indifferent when I was 83. I am staying here.
Wallace: You tell 'em! I won, didn't I?
Britt: You lost.
Vin: You elected?
Chris: Na. I got nominated real good.
Hilario: The feeling I felt in my chest this morning, when I saw Calvera run away from us, that's a feeling worth dying for. Have you ever felt something like that?
Vin: Not for a long, long time. I envy you.
Sotero: There's one - look at the scars on his face!
Hilario: The man for us is the one who GAVE him that face.
Chris: Hey, you learn fast.
Lee: One. There was a time when I'd have gotten all three.
Chris Adams: Bernardo O'Reilly; you've been adopted.
O'Reilly: Yeah, that's my real name. Irish on one side, Mexican on the other... and me in the middle.
Chamlee: There's an element in town that objects.
Henry: Objects? Objects to what?
Chamlee: They say he isn't fit to be buried there.
Robert: What? In Boot Hill?
Henry: Why, there's nothing up there but murderous cutthroats and derelict old barflies, and if they ever felt exclusive brother, they're past it now.
Villager: If he's the best with the gun and the knife, with whom does he compete?
Chris: Himself.
Chris: Nah, leave him alone. It's a free country.
O'Reilly: And it's his.
Calvera: Somehow I don't think you've solved my problem.
Chris: Solving your problems isn't our line.
Vin: Riding out there in all that dust and heat... what a chucklehead.
Chris: Yep. Not smart like us.
Vin: Yep.
Vin: Never rode shotgun on a hearse before.
Old Man: Come in. You must be thirsty... You must excuse them.
Old Man: They are farmers here. They are afraid of everyone and everything. They are afraid of rain and no rain. The summer may be too hot, the winter too cold.
Chris: Go ahead, Lee. You don't owe anything to anybody.
Lee: Except to myself.
O'Reilly: Miguel, didn't I tell you to squeeze? Hm? Just like when you're milking a goat, Miguel.
Miguel: It's that I get excited!
O'Reilly: Well don't get excited! Now this time squeeze. Slowly, but squeeze. All right now, squeeze.
O'Reilly: *Squeeze*! I'll tell you what. Don't shoot the gun. Take the gun like this, and you use it like a club, all right?
Vin: You know - I've been in some towns where the girls weren't all that pretty. In fact I've been in some towns where they're downright ugly. But it's the first time I've been in a town where there are no girls at all, 'cept little ones. You know if we're not careful we could have quite a social life here.
Vin: It took me a long, long time to learn my elbow from a hot rock. Right now, I belong back in that border town sleeping on white sheets.
Chris: If he rides in with no idea of the reception we can prepare for him, I promise you we'll all teach him something about the price of corn!
Henry: This man needs to be buried. And soon. He's not turning into any nosegay.
Chris: He's a good gun, and we aren't heading for a church social.
Chico: Thank you, thank you... you... chickens!
Harry Luck: No tricks now, Chris.
Chris Adams: Harry! It's good to see you again.
Harry Luck: Chris.
Chris Adams: What are you doing in this dump?
Harry Luck: I heard you've got a contract open.
Chris Adams: Not for a high-stepper like you.
Harry Luck: A dollar bill always looks as big to me as a bedspread.
Chico: And who made us the way we are? Men with guns! Men like Calvera... and you... and now me.
Britt: I... changed my mind.
Harry Luck: You ol' Cajun; you don't talk so good, but you always know what's goin' on.
Calvera: What if you had to carry my load? The need to provide food, like a father, to fill the mouths of his hungry men?
Vin: All I'm saying is that sometimes you bend with the breeze, or you break.
Lee: Yes. The final supreme idiocy. Coming here to hide. The deserter hiding out in the middle of a battlefield.
Chico: But who made us the way we are, huh? Men with guns. Men like Calvera, and men like you... and now me.
Chris: There's a job for six men, watching over a village, south of the border.
O'Reilly: How big's the opposition?
Chris: Thirty guns.
O'Reilly: I admire your notion of fair odds, mister.
Old Man: They are all farmers. Farmers talk of nothing but fertilizer and women. I've never shared their enthusiasm for fertilizer. As for women, I became indifferent when I was eighty-three.
Henry: Well, I'll be damned. I never knew you had to be anything but a corpse to get into Boot Hill. How long's this been going?
Chamlee: Since the town got civilized.
Chico: They're afraid. She's afraid of me, you, him. All of us. Farmers! Their families told them we would rape them.
Chris: Well, we might. But in my opinion you might have given us the benefit of the doubt. But just as you please...
Harry Luck: Well, I'll be damned.
Chris Adams: Maybe you won't be.
Calvera: We have a saying here: a thief who steals from a thief is pardoned for one hundred years.
Chris: Oh, hell. If that's all that's holding things up, I'll drive the rig.
Harry Luck: The odds are too high.
Chris: Much too high.
Harry Luck: Then we go?
Chris: No; we lower the odds.
Chris: You heard of anything?
Vin: Just shooing some flies away from a Mexican village, but I can't find out what it pays.
Chris: Twenty dollars.
Vin: A week?
Vin: Six weeks.
Vin: Oh, that's ridiculous. Have you heard of anything?
Chris: Yeah. Shooing away some flies from a Mexican village. Theirs.
Vin: That wouldn't even pay for my bullets.
Villager: We understand. You could make much more in a grocery store. And it would be good, steady work.
Chris: Yeah.
Vin: How many you got?
Chris: Hilario: We'll fight with guns if we have them. If we don't, with machetes, axes, clubs, anything!
Chris: There's no need to apologize. We weren't expecting flowers and speeches.
Chris: We'll get there.
Vin: It's not getting up there that bothers me. It's staying up there that I mind.
Lee: Remember me?
Chris Adams: Yup.
Lee: You need men for a job in Mexico? How long?
Chris Adams: Four, maybe six weeks.
Lee: That ought to do it. How much does the job pay?
Chris Adams: I thought you were looking for the Johnson brothers, Lee.
Lee: I found them. Now, how much does the job pay?
Chris Adams: Twenty dollars.
Lee: I'll have the money before I leave. It should just take care of my last two days' rent.
Chris: Now we are seven.
Chris: Bring them in.
Chico: What for? Let Calvera find them, he'll take good care of them.
Chris: Is that what you want? Answer me! Who's for going on and who's for giving up? I want to know now!     