
Patricia Franchini: What is your greatest ambition in life?
Parvulesco: To become immortal... and then die.
Patricia Franchini: I don't know if I'm unhappy because I'm not free, or if I'm not free because I'm unhappy.
Patricia Franchini: It's sad to fall asleep. It separates people. Even when you're sleeping together, you're all alone.
Michel Poiccard: When we talked, I talked about me, you talked about you, when we should have talked about each other.
Michel Poiccard: There's no need to lie. It's like poker. The truth is best. The others still think you're bluffing, so you win.
Patricia Franchini: Do you know William Faulkner?
Michel Poiccard: No. Who's he? Have you slept with him?
Michel Poiccard: Informers inform, burglars burgle, murderers murder, lovers love.
Van Doude, The Journalist: What's more ethical: The women who cheats, or the man who walks out?
Parvulesco: The woman who cheats.
Michel Poiccard: If you don't like the sea... or the mountains... or the big city... then get stuffed!
Patricia Franchini: When the French say a second, they mean five minutes.
Parvulesco: Two things are important in life: for men, women; for women, money.
Liliane: Do you support youth?
Michel Poiccard: I like the old.
Michel Poiccard: I always get interested in girls who aren't right for me.
Patricia Franchini: Listen. The last sentence is beautiful. "Between grief and nothing, I will take grief". Which would you choose?
Michel Poiccard: ...Grief's stupid, l'd choose nothing. It's no better, but grief's a compromise. l want all or nothing.
Michel Poiccard: I told you being afraid is the worst sin there is.
Patricia Franchini: Are you afraid of getting old? I am.
Michel Poiccard: All right, I'll count to 8, and if you haven't smiled, I'll strangle you.
Michel Poiccard: After all, I'm an asshole. After all, yes, I've got to. I've got to!
Michel Poiccard alias Laszlo Kovacs: It's silly, but I love you. I wanted to see you, to see if I'd want to see you.
Michel Poiccard: Why won't you sleep with me?
Patricia Franchini: Because I'm trying to find out what it is that I like about you.
Patricia Franchini: We're hiding like elephants when they're happy.
Michel Poiccard: How old are you?
Patricia Franchini: A hundred.
Michel Poiccard: You don't look it.
Michel Poiccard: Women will never do in eight seconds what they would gladly agree to in eight days.
Patricia Franchini: I want us to be like Romeo and Juliet.
Michel Poiccard: That's just like a girl!
Patricia Franchini: See? You said last night you couldn't live without me, but you can. Romeo couldn't live without Juliet, but you can.
Michel Poiccard: No, I can't live without you.
Patricia Franchini: That's just like a guy!
Michel Poiccard: Don't use the brakes. Cars are made to go, not to stop!
Patricia Franchini: New York Herald Tribune!
Patricia Franchini: We look at each other in the eye, and it's no use.
Michel Poiccard: Shall we steal a Cadillac?
Cal Zombach: You're wearing silk socks with a tweed jacket.
Michel Poiccard: Reminds me of the one about the condemned man. Climbing the scaffold stairs, he trips, and says, "It figures... "
Michel Poiccard: Seen Antonio?
Hood: I'll tell you if I can kiss the girl.
Michel Poiccard alias Laszlo Kovacs: I'm tired. I'm going to sleep.
Michel Poiccard: You Americans are dumb. You admire Lafayette and Maurice Chevalier. They're the dumbest of all Frenchmen.
Michel Poiccard: Don't brake for a 4CV! You're being overtaken by a scooter!     