
Korg: Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Korg. I'm kind of like the leader in here. I'm made of rocks, as you can see, but don't let that intimidate you. You don't need to be afraid, unless you're made of scissors! Just a little Rock, Paper, Scissors joke for you.
Loki: Hello, Bruce.
Bruce Banner: Last time we saw you, you were trying to kill everyone. What are you up to these days?
Loki: It varies from moment to moment.
Loki: I have been falling... for 30 minutes!
Valkyrie: This team of yours, it got a name?
Thor: Yeah, it's called the... uh... Revengers!
Thor: How did you end up here?
Korg: Well, I tried to start a revolution, but didn't print enough pamphlets so hardly anyone turned up. Except for my mum and her boyfriend, who I hate. As punishment, I was forced to be in here and become a gladiator. Bit of a promotional disaster that one, but I'm actually organizing another revolution. I don't know if you'd be interested in something like that? Do you reckon you'd be interested?
Surtur: Thor, son of Odin.
Thor: Surtur! Son of... a bitch! You're still alive! I thought my father killed you like, half a million years ago.
Surtur: I cannot die. Not until I fulfill my destiny, and lay waste to your home.
Thor: You know, it's funny you should mention that. Because I've been having these terrible dreams of late! Asgard up in flames. Falling to ruins. And you, Surtur. The center of all of it.
Surtur: Then you have seen Ragnarok, the fall of Asgard, the great prophecy...
Thor: Hang on! Hang on. I'll be... back around shortly, you know, I really feel like we were connecting there. Now... okay, so, Ragnarök, tell me about that. Walk me through it.
Surtur: My time has come when my crown is reunited with the Eternal Flame! I shall be restored to my full might, and will tower over the mountains to bury my sword deep into Asgard!
Thor: Hang on! Give it a second... I swear, I'm not even moving! It's doing this on its own!
Thor: Hey, let's do 'Get Help'.
Loki: What?
Thor: 'Get Help'.
Loki: No.
Thor: Come on. You love it.
Loki: I hate it.
Thor: It's great. It works every time.
Loki: It's humiliating.
Thor: Do you have a better plan?
Loki: No.
Thor: We're doing it.
Loki: We are not doing 'Get Help'.
Thor: Get help! Please! My brother is dying! Get help! Help him!
Thor: A classic.
Loki: I still hate it. It's humiliating.
Thor: Not for me, it's not.
Quinjet Computer: Voice activation required.
Bruce Banner: Banner.
Quinjet Computer: Welcome, Strongest Avenger.
Hulk: Hulk always... always angry.
Thor: I know. We're the same, you and I. Just a couple of hot-headed fools.
Hulk: Yeah, same. Hulk like fire, Thor like water.
Thor: Well, we're kind of both like fire.
Hulk: But Hulk like real fire. Like... raging fire. Thor like smouldering fire.
Thor: Hey, big guy. Sun's getting real low. I don't want to hurt you anymore.
Loki: YES! That's what it feels like!
Loki: I'm just a big fan of the sport.
Korg: Piss off, ghost!
Thor: She's too strong. Without my hammer, I can't...
Odin: Are you Thor, the god of hammers?
Quinjet Computer: Welcome. Voice activation required.
Thor: Thor.
Quinjet Computer: Access denied.
Thor: Thor, God of Thunder.
Quinjet Computer: Access denied.
Thor: Son of Odin.
Quinjet Computer: Access denied.
Thor: Strongest Avenger.
Quinjet Computer: Access denied.
Thor: Strongest Avenger!
Quinjet Computer: Access denied.
Thor: Damn you, Stark. Point Break.
Quinjet Computer: Welcome, Point Break.
Bruce Banner: I was just talking to him just a couple minutes ago and he was totally ready to kill any of us.
Valkyrie: He did try to kill me.
Thor: Yes, me too. On many, many occasions. There was one time when we were children, he transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like, "Blergh, it's me!". And he stabbed me. We were eight at the time.
Thor: If you knew where he was, why didn't you call me?
Dr. Stephen Strange: I had to tell you. He did not want to be disturbed. Your father. He had chosen to remain in exile. And you don't have a phone.
Thor: No, I don't have a phone but you could have sent me an electronic letter. It's called an email.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Yeah. Do you have a computer?
Thor: No. What for?
Thor: Hulk, no! Just for once in your life, don't smash!
Hulk: But big monster!
Valkyrie: Hulk, let's go!
Hulk: Friends.
Loki: Surprise!
Loki: OW!
Thor: So much has happened since I last saw you! I lost my hammer, like yesterday, so that's still fresh. Then I went on a journey of self-discovery. Then I met you.
Thor: I think we should disband the Revengers.
Loki: Hit her with a lightning blast.
Thor: I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning. It did nothing.
Valkyrie: We just need to hold her off until everyone's on board.
Thor: It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard, the more powerful she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now.
Valkyrie: So what do we do?
Loki: I'm not doing 'get help'.
Thor: I know what you're thinking. "Oh, no. Thor's in a cage. How did this happen?" Well, sometimes you have to get captured just to get a straight answer out of something. It's a long story. Basically, I'm a bit of a hero. See, I've spent some time on Earth... for the record, I saved the planet a couple of times. Then I went searching through the cosmos for a couple of magic colorful Infinity Stone things... but didn't find any. That's when I came across a path of death, and destruction. Which led me all the way here to this cage... where I met you.
Thor: Has anyone here fought the Grandmaster's champion?
Korg: Yeah. Doug has. Hey, Doug. Could you come over here? Oh, yeah, I forgot, Doug's dead. Anyone who fights the Grandmaster's champion perished. You're not actually thinking about fighting him, are you?
Thor: Yes, I am. I'm gonna fight him, win, and get the hell off this planet!
Korg: That's exactly what Doug used to say! See you later, New Doug!
Thor: Hela, the goddess of death, has invaded Asgard! And you and I had a fight.
Bruce Banner: Did I win?
Thor: No, I won! Easily!
Bruce Banner: That doesn't sound right...
Thor: Well, it's true!
Thor: Every time I threw it, it would always come back to me.
Korg: It sounds like you had a pretty special and intimate relationship with this hammer and that losing it was almost comparable to losing a loved one.
Thor: That's a nice way of putting it.
Korg: Hey, man. I'm Korg. We're gonna get outta here. Wanna come?
Thor: A creepy old man cut my hair off!
Loki: I left him right here.
Thor: You mean on the pavement outside, or actually in the building currently being demolished?
Loki: How was I supposed to know? I can't see into the future, I'm not a witch!
Thor: Well, you're dressed like one.
Loki: I have to get off this planet!
Thor: Loki, I thought the world of you. I thought we were going to fight side-by-side forever, but at the end of the day you're you and I'm me and... oh, maybe there's still good in you but... let's be honest, our paths diverged a long time ago.
Loki: Yeah... it's probably for the best that we'll never see each other again.
Thor: That's what you always wanted.
Thor: I am Thor, son of Odin!
Hela: Really? You don't look like him.
Loki: Perhaps we can come to an arrangement...
Hela: YOU sound like him.
Thor: You know, I used to want to be a Valkyrie when I was younger, until I found out you were all women. There's nothing wrong with women, of course, I like women. Sometimes a little too much. Not in a creepy way, just more like a respectful appreciation. I think it's great, an elite force of women warriors.
Skurge: Asgard's treasures...
Hela: Fake! Most of this stuff is fake anyway.
Hela: Weak!
Hela: That's smaller than I expected.
Hela: That's actually... not bad.
Hela: Now this... this is truly special.
Grandmaster: It's main event time. And now, I give you your Incredible, Astonishingly Savage...
Thor: YES!
Thor: Hey, hey! We know each other! He's a friend from work! Where have you been? Everybody thought you were dead! So much has happened since I last saw you. I lost my hammer like, yesterday so that's still pretty fresh. Loki, he's alive! Can you believe it? He's up there. Hey Loki! Look who it is!
Surtur: You cannot stop Ragnarok. Why fight it?
Thor: Because that's what heroes do!
Thor: I don't hang with the Avengers anymore. It all got too corporate.
Grandmaster: Hey Sparkles, here's the deal: you want to get back to ass-place, ass-berg...
Thor: ASGARD!
Grandmaster: Any contender who defeats my champion, their freedom they shall win.
Thor: Fine. Then point me in the direction of whoever's ass I have to kick!
Thor: Where's Odin?
Loki: You just couldn't stay away, could you? Everything was fine without you. Asgard was prospering. You ruined everything! Ask them!
Thor: Where's Father? Did you kill him?
Loki: You have what you wanted. You have the independence you asked for. Ah!
Loki: ouch, ok! I know exactly where he is.
Loki: I swear I left him right here.
Thor: Right here on the sidewalk or right here where the building's being demolished? Great planning!
Loki: How was I supposed to know? I can't the see the future. I'm not a witch.
Thor: No? Then why are you dressed like one?
Loki: Hey!
Thor: I can't believe you're alive! I saw you die. I mourned you. I cried for you.
Loki: I'm... honored?
Thor: We have to stop her here and now, and prevent Ragnarok, the end of everything! So I'm putting together a team.
Loki: Like the old days.
Thor: I'm not as strong as you.
Odin: No... you're stronger.
Hela: Tell me about yourself, Skurge.
Skurge: Well, my dad was a stone mason and...
Hela: Yeah. Right. Ok. I'll just... I'll stop you there. What I meant was what's your ambition?
Skurge: I just want a chance to prove myself.
Hela: Recognition. Every great king had an executioner. Not just to execute people but to also execute their vision. But mainly to execute people. Still, it was a great honor. I was Odin's executioner. And now you shall be mine.
Grandmaster: ...The champion! The Defending! I give you, your Incredible...
Loki: I have to get off this planet.
Grandmaster: Whoa, whoa, where are you going? Sit down.
Hulk: HULK! HULK! HULK!
Thor: Hey! Hey! We know each other, he's a friend from work!
Thor: Where have you been? Everyone thought you were dead! There's so much that's happened since I last saw you! I lost my hammer, like yesterday so that's still pretty fresh. Loki, Lok - Loki's alive, can you believe it? He's up there!
Thor: Hey, Loki! Look who it is!
Thor: It's not possible.
Hela: Darling, you have no idea what's possible.
Grandmaster: I love when you come to visit, 142. You keep bringing me just the best stuff. Whenever we get to talk to Topaz about Scrapper-142, what do I always say? She is, and it starts with a B.
Topaz: Trash.
Grandmaster: No. Not trash. Were you waiting to just call her that? It doesn't start with a B!
Thor: Where are the weapons?
Valkyrie: There aren't any! It's a leisure vessel.
Bruce Banner: What?
Valkyrie: The Grandmaster uses it for his good times: orgies and stuff.
Bruce Banner: Did she just say the Grandmaster uses it for orgies?
Thor: Yeah. Don't touch anything.
Hela: You're in my seat!
Bruce Banner: I don't know how to fly this thing!
Thor: You're a doctor, you have PhDs. You should figure it out.
Bruce Banner: None of them for flying alien spaceships!
Odin: Asgard is not a place, it's a people. And its people need your help.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Thor, I sense a great change in your future. Destiny has dire plans for you, my friend.
Thor: I have dire plans for destiny.
Barber: Now don't you move. My hands ain't as steady as they used to be!
Thor: By Odin's beard, you shall not cut my hair, lest you feel the wrath of the mighty Thor!
Thor: Please, kind sir, do not cut my hair. NO! NOOO!
Valkyrie: I've spent years, in a haze, trying to forget my past. Sakaar seemed like the best place to drink, and to forget... and to die, one day.
Thor: Well, I was thinking that you drink too much and it was probably gonna kill you.
Valkyrie: I don't plan to stop drinking. But... I don't wanna forget. I can't turn away anymore. So, if I'm gonna die, well, it might as well be driving my sword through the heart of that murderous hag.
Thor: Asgard's not a place, it's a people. This was never about stopping Ragnarok... it was about causing Ragnarok.
Thor: Go to the vault. Surtur's crown. It's the only way.
Loki: Bold move, brother. Even for me.
Loki: Do you really think it's a good idea to go back to earth?
Thor: Yes, of course. People on earth love me, I'm very popular.
Loki: Let me rephrase that: Do you really think it's a good idea to bring ME back to earth?
Thor: Probably not, to be honest. I wouldn't worry, Brother. I feel like everything's gonna work out fine.
Odin: Even with two eyes, you only see half of the picture.
Hela: Look at these lies! Goblets and garden parties? Peace treaties? Odin. Proud to have it... shame of how he got it!
Thor: How do I escape?
Heimdall: You're on a planet surrounded by doorways. Go through one.
Thor: Which one?
Heimdall: The big one!
Thor: Hello!
Loki: Hi.
Hela: Kneel.
Loki: I'm sorry?
Hela: Kneel, before your queen.
Thor: I don't think so.
Thor: You know, Father once told me that a wise man never seeks out war...
Hela: ...but he must always be ready for it!
Dr. Stephen Strange: I think you can handle things from here.
Loki: Handle me? Who are you? You think you're some kind of sorcerer? Don't think for one minute, you second-rate...
Dr. Stephen Strange: Bye bye.
Hela: It's come to my attention that you don't know who I am. I am Hela. Odin's firstborn. Commander of the legions of Asgard. The rightful heir to the throne and the Goddess of Death. My father is dead. As are the princes. You're welcome. We were once the seat of absolute power in the cosmos. Our supremacy was unchallenged. Yet Odin stopped at nine realms. Our destiny is to rule over all others. And I am here to restore that power. Kneel before me and rise into the ranks of my great conquest.
Hogun: Whoever you were, whatever you've done, surrender now or we will show you no mercy.
Hela: Whoever I am? Did you not listen to a word I said?
Loki: With the Eternal Flame, you are reborn!
Hela: I'm not a queen, or a monster... I'm the godess of death! What were you the god of, again?
Bruce Banner: Biggest muscle in the body.
Thor: I've got more muscle, so technically more brains!
Odin: Look at that. Remember this place... home.
Hela: You're still alive.
Thor: I love what you've done with the place. Redecorated and everything.
Hela: It would seem our father's solution to every problem was to cover it up.
Thor: Or cast it out. He told you you were worthy. He said the same thing to me.
Hela: You see, you never knew him, not at his best. Odin and I drowned entire civilizations in blood and tears. Where do you think all this gold came from? And then one day he decided to become a benevolent king. To foster peace, to protect life. To have you.
Thor: I understand why you're angry. And you are my sister, and technically have a claim to the throne. And believe me, I would love for someone else to rule. But it can't be you. You're just the worst.
Hela: Okay. Get up. You're in my seat.
Heimdall: Where to?
Thor: I'm not sure. Any suggestions? Miek? Where are you from?
Korg: Oh, Miek's dead.
Thor: Oh.
Korg: Yeah, I accidentally stomped on him on the bridge. I still felt so guilty I've been carrying him around all day.
Korg: Oh Miek you're alive! He's alive, guys! What was your question again, brov?
Thor: ...Earth it is.
Thor: Banner! Hey, Banner!
Hulk: No Banner, only Hulk!
Loki: Here's the thing. I'm probably better off staying here on Sakaar.
Thor: That's exactly what I was thinking.
Loki: ...Did you just agree with me?
Thor: This place is perfect for you. It's savage, chaotic, lawless. Brother, you're going to do GREAT here.
Loki: Do you truly think so little of me?
Thor: Loki, I thought the world of you. I thought we were going to fight side-by-side forever, but at the end of the day you're you and I'm me and... oh, maybe there's still good in you but... let's be honest, our paths diverged a long time ago.
Loki: Yeah... it's probably for the best that we'll never see each other again.
Thor: That's what you always wanted.
Valkyrie: The lord of thunder sends his regards!
Korg: The revolution has begun!
Thor: I choose to run towards my problems, and not away from them. Because's that what heroes do.
Loki: Your savior has arrived!
Loki: You know, I feel it won't make much of a difference...
Thor: Loki...
Loki: ...but this time, it's truly nothing personal. The reward for your capture
Loki: will set me up nicely.
Thor: Never one for sentiment, were you?
Loki: Easier to let it burn.
Thor: I agree.
Thor: That looks painful. Dear brother, you're becoming predictable. I trust you, you betray me, round and round in circles we go. See Loki, life is about... It's about growth, it's about change, but you seem to just want to stay the same. I guess what I'm trying to say is that you'll always be the god of mischief, but you could be more. I'll just put this over here for you.
Thor: Perhaps you're not so bad after all, brother.
Loki: Maybe not.
Thor: Thank you, Loki.
Bruce Banner: You're just using me to get to the Hulk. That's low. You're not my friend.
Thor: No, no, no. I don't even like Hulk. He's always like, grr... smash, smash, smash. I prefer you.
Hela: Asgard is dead!
Skurge: For Asgard.
Hela: So he's dead. I'd have liked to have seen that.
Thor: If you were here, I might even give you a hug.
Loki: ...I am here...
Grandmaster: Time works real different around these parts. On any other world I would be millions of years old but here on Sakaar...
Thor: I've been having terrible dreams as of late. Every night I see Asgard falling to ruins.
Odin: That's just a silly dream, signs of an overactive imagination.
Thor: Possibly. But then I decide to go out there and investigate, and what do I find but the Nine Realms completely in chaos? Enemies of Asgard assembling, plotting our demise, all while you, Odin, the protector of those Nine Realms are sitting here, in your bathrobe, eating *grapes.*
Odin: Yes, well, it is best to respect our neighbors' freedom.
Thor: Yes, of course. The freedom to be *massacred*.
Odin: Well, I've been rather busy myself.
Thor: Watching theatre?
Odin: Well... Board meetings and security council meetings...
Thor: You're really gonna make me do it?
Odin: Do what?
Thor: You know that nothing will stop Mjolnir as it returns to my hand. Not even your face!
Odin: You've gone quite mad, you... You'll be executed for this!
Thor: Then I'll see you on the other side, *brother!*
Loki: Alright, I yield!
Loki Actor: Oh, brother. This is it. I take my leave.
Actor Thor: You fool, you didn't listen!
Loki Actor: I'm sorry.
Actor Thor: Lady Sif, get help!
Actor Sif: Somebody, help!
Loki Actor: Sorry for all I've done.
Actor Thor: Shh. It's all right. Hold on.
Loki Actor: I'm sorry I tried to rule Earth.
Actor Thor: They'd be lucky to have you.
Loki Actor: I'm sorry about that thing with the Tesseract. I just couldn't help myself.
Actor Thor: I know.
Loki Actor: I'm a trickster.
Actor Thor: Yes. So mischievous.
Loki Actor: Sorry about that time I turned you into a frog.
Actor Thor: It was a wonderful joke.
Odin: 'Twas indeed hilarious.
Actor Thor: You are the savior of Asgard.
Loki Actor: Tell my story.
Actor Thor: I will.
Loki Actor: Build a statue for me.
Actor Thor: We will build a big statue for you.
Loki Actor: With my helmet on, with the big bendy horns.
Actor Thor: I will tell Father what you did here today.
Odin: I didn't do it for him.
Loki Actor: I didn't do it... for him.
Actor Thor: NOOOOOOOOOO!
Actor Odin: And so, Loki died of his wounds, giving his life for ours. He fought back those disgusting elves, he brought peace to the realm.
Actor Odin: Loki, my boy. 'Twas many moons ago I found you on that frostbitten battlefield. On that day, I did not yet see in you, Asgard's savior. No. You were merely a little blue baby icicle... that melted this old fool's heart.
Grandmaster: Revolution? How did this happen?
Topaz: Don't know. But the Arena's mainframe for the Obedience Disks have been deactivated and the slaves have armed themselves.
Grandmaster: Ohhh! I don't like that word!
Topaz: Mainframe?
Grandmaster: No. Why would I not like "mainframe?" No, the "S" word!
Topaz: Sorry, the "prisoners with jobs" have armed themselves.
Grandmaster: Okay, that's better.
Hela: I don't know your game, but you can not stop me!
Thor: No.
Thor: But he can.
Korg: Hey, man. We're just about to jump on that ginormous spaceship. Wanna come?
Loki: You do seem like you're in desperate need of leadership.
Korg: Why, thank you!
Grandmaster: I'm upset! I'm very upset. You know what I like about being upset? Blame. Right now, that's the mindset that I'm in. And you know who I'm blaming?
Loki: Grandmaster, I...
Grandmaster: Hey! Don't interrupt me!
Topaz: Here you go!
Grandmaster: Why are you handing me the Melt Stick? He was interrupting. That's not a capital violation. My precious champion has come up missing and its all because of that Lord of Thunder. It's all because of him, YOUR brother - whatever the story is, adopted, or complicated, I'm sure there's a big history - and YOUR contender!
Loki: My dear friend, if you were to give me twelve hours I could bring them both back to you.
Valkyrie: I can do it in two.
Loki: I could do it in one.
Grandmaster: You know what? I woke up this morning thinking about a public execution. But for now, I'll settle for this sweet little "who's gonna get him first?" So you're on the clock!
Thor: Quite unique. It was made from this special metal from the heart of a dying star. And when i spun it really, really fast it gave me the ability to fly.
Korg: You rode a hammer?
Thor: No, I didn't ride the hammer
Korg: The hammer ride you on your back?
Thor: No, I would spin it really fast and it would pull me off the...
Korg: Oh my god, the hammer pulled you off?
Thor: The ground! It would pull me off the ground, into the air and I would fly.
Hela: My destiny is to rule all others.
Grandmaster: It's bad news, bad news today. Sakaar, hear ye. Attention, please. I have some bad news. My beloved, exalted Champion has turned up missing. Take to the streets. Celebrate my champion. It seems that that criminally seductive Lord of Thunder has stolen him away.
Thor: Seductive GOD of Thunder!
Hela: I'm Hela.
Skurge: I'm just a janitor.
Bruce Banner: We're coming up on the Devil's Anus.
Thor: Hi there...
Thor: Let me get this straight. You're going to put your crown into the Eternal Flame, and you suddenly grow big as a house?
Surtur: A MOUNTAIN!
Thor: The Eternal Flame that Odin keeps locked away in Asgard?
Surtur: Odin is not on Asgard. And your absence has left the throne defenseless.
Thor: Okay. So, where is this crown?
Surtur: This is my crown. The source of my power!
Thor: Oh, that's your crown? I thought it was a big eyebrow.
Surtur: It's a crown!
Thor: Anyway, it sounds like all I have to do to stop Ragnarok is rip that thing off your head.
Surtur: But Ragnarok has already begun! You cannot stop it! I am Asgard's doom, and so are you! All will suffer, all will burn!
Thor: Oh, that's intense. You know to be honest, seeing you grow really big and set fire to a planet would be quite the spectacle. But it looks like I'll have to choose Option B, where I bust out of these chains, knock that tiara off your head, and stash you away in Asgard's vault.
Thor: So Earth has... wizards now, huh?
Dr. Stephen Strange: The preferred term is Master of The Mystic Arts. You can leave that now.
Topaz: We've located your cousin.
Grandmaster: Huh?... Oh good!...
Grandmaster: You're going to love this!
Grandmaster: Hey cuz... We couldn't find you! What, have you been hiding?
Cousin Carlo: No!... I'm sorry!
Grandmaster: Mmhmm.
Grandmaster: Carlo, I pardon you.
Cousin Carlo: Oh, thank you!
Grandmaster: You're officially pardoned... from life!
Cousin Carlo: Aaauugh!
Cousin Carlo: Help me!
Thor: Oh... my... GOD!
Grandmaster: I'm stepping - I'm stepping in it! What does it smell like?
Topaz: Burnt toast.
Loki: It hurts, doesn't it? Being lied to. Being told you're one thing and then learning it's all a fiction.
Loki: You didn't think I'd really come and see you, did you? This place is disgusting. Does this mean you don't want my help? Look, I couldn't jeopardize my position with Grandmaster, it took me time to win his trust. He's a lunatic, but he can be amenable. What I'm telling you is, you could join me at the Grandmaster's side. Perhaps, in time, an accident befalls the Grandmaster, and then...
Surtur: You have made a grave mistake, Odinson.
Thor: I make grave mistakes all the time. Everything seems to work out...
Valkyrie: Hey, big guy.
Hulk: Angry girl...
Valkyrie: What have you been up to?
Hulk: Winning.
Heimdall: Where to?
Thor: I'm not sure. Any suggestions? Miek? Where are you from?
Korg: Oh, Miek's dead.
Thor: Oh.
Korg: Yeah, I accidentally stomped on him on the bridge. I still felt so guilty I've been carrying him around all day.
Korg: Oh Miek you're alive! He's alive guys! What was your question again, brov?
Thor: Earth it is.
Grandmaster: What have you brought today? Tell me.
Valkyrie: A contender.
Surtur: Tremble before me Asgard, for I am your reckoning!
Valkyrie: The people are safe. That's all it matters.
Thor: We're fulfilling the prophecy.
Valkyrie: I hate this prophecy.
Thor: So do I. But we have no choice.
Grandmaster: What happened to my manners? I haven't properly introduced myself. Come on. Follow me. My name is Grandmaster. I preside over a little harlequinade called the Contest of Champions. People come from far and wide to unwillingly participate in it. And you, my friend, might just be part of the new cast. What do you say to that?
Thor: We're not friends, and I don't give a shit about your games!
Hulk: Friend stay!
Loki: What have you done?
Valkyrie: I don't answer to you, lackey.
Loki: It's Loki! And you will answer to the Grandmaster!
Loki: Why would you help my brother escape with that green fool?
Valkyrie: I don't help anyone!
Loki: You're a Valkyrie... I thought the Valkyrie all died gruesome deaths?
Valkyrie: Choose your next words wisely!
Loki: Terribly sorry. Must be a very painful memory...
Thor: What have I done?
Heimdall: You saved us from extinction. Asgard is not a place, it's a people.
Loki: Took you long enough!
Thor: I couldn't find the key.
Loki: Everyone has a key!
Grandmaster: Here's what I wanna know. Who are you?
Thor: I - am - the God of Thunder!
Grandmaster: I didn't hear any thunder, but out of your fingers - was that sparkles?
Hela: Oh, I've missed this! Still, it's a shame. Good soldiers dying for nothing all because they couldn't see the future. Oh, look. Still alive.
Hela: Change of heart?
Hogun: Go back to whatever chamber you crept out of, you evil demoness!
Loki: I guess I'll have to go it alone. Like I've always done.
Thor: Hela! Enough! You want Asgard? It's yours.
Hela: Whatever game you're playing, it won't work. You can't defeat me.
Thor: No, I know... But he can.
Thor: Hela: NO!
Loki: I don't mean to impose...
Loki: But, uh, the Grandmaster has a great many ships. I may even have stolen the access codes to his security system.
Valkyrie: And suddenly you're overcome with an urge to do the right thing.
Loki: Heavens, no. I've run out of favor with the Grandmaster, and in exchange for codes and access to a ship, I'm asking for safe passage... through the Anus.
Korg: Another day, another Doug.
Skurge: Behold... my stuff.
Skurge: I'm particularly fond of these. I pulled 'em out of a place on Midgard called Texas. I even named them. Des and Troy. You see, when you put them together... they destroy.
Valkyrie: This stupid dog won't die!
Bruce Banner: Everything's going to be okay. I got this. You want to know who I am?
Valkyrie: What the hell are you talking about?
Bruce Banner: You'll see!
Grandmaster: Welcome everybody! Hey, let's have a big round of applause for all of today's contenders who have died so gruesomely! Good sports!
Korg: Oh, yuck! There's still someone's hair and blood all over this. Guys, can you clean up the weapons once you finish your fight? Disgusting slobs.
Hulk: Thor go. Hulk stay.
Thor: Fine. Stay here. Stupid place. It's hideous, by the way. The red, the white. Just pick a color. Ridiculous.
Valkyrie: I never thought I'd be back here.
Bruce Banner: I thought it'd be nicer. I mean, not that it's not nice. It's just, it's on fire.
Loki: Fine. I guess I'll just have to go it alone. Like I've always done. Would you say something? Say something!
Thor: What would you like me to say? You faked your own death, you stole the throne, stripped Odin of his power, stranded him on Earth... to die, releasing the Goddess of Death. Have I said enough, or do you do you want me to go further back than the past two days?
Hela: Now you remind me of Dad.
Thor: If you help me get back to Asgard, I can help you get back to Earth.
Hulk: Earth hate Hulk.
Thor: Earth loves Hulk. They love you. You're one of the Avengers. One of the team, one of our friends. This is what friends do. They support each other.
Hulk: You're Banner's friend.
Thor: I'm not Banner's friend. I prefer you.
Hulk: Banner's friend.
Thor: I don't even like Banner.
Thor: "I'm into numbers and science and stuff."
Grandmaster: I just, I gotta say. I'm proud of you all. This revolution has been a huge success. Yay us! Pat, pat on the back. Pat on the back. Come on. No? Me, too. 'Cause I've been a big part of it. Can't have a revolution without somebody to overthrow! So, ah, you're welcome. And, uh, it's a tie.
Korg: The damage is not too bad. As long as the foundations are still strong, we can rebuild this place. It will become a haven for all peoples and aliens of the universe.
Korg: Oof. Now those foundations are gone. Sorry.     