
Teddy Daniels: You know, this place makes me wonder.
Chuck Aule: Yeah, what's that, boss?
Teddy Daniels: Which would be worse - to live as a monster, or to die as a good man?
Chuck Aule: Teddy?
Teddy Daniels: So, what's our next move?
Chuck Aule: You tell me.
Teddy Daniels: I gotta get off this rock, Chuck. Get back to the mainland. Whatever the hell's going on here, it's bad.
Teddy Daniels: Don't worry, partner, they're not gonna catch us.
Chuck Aule: That's right, we're too smart for 'em.
Teddy Daniels: Yeah, we are, aren't we?
Teddy Daniels: You know, this place makes me wonder.
Chuck Aule: Yeah, what's that, boss?
Teddy Daniels: Which would be worse - to live as a monster? Or to die as a good man?
Teddy Daniels: I'm sorry, Honey. I love this thing because you gave it to me. But the truth is... it is one fuckin' ugly tie.
Teddy Daniels: I had a friend. I was with him yesterday, but we got separated. Have you seen him?
Rachel 2: Marshal... you have no friends.
George Noyce: This is a game. All of this is for you. You're not investigating anything. You're a fucking rat in a maze.
Dr. John Cawley: Sanity's not a choice, Marshall. You can't just choose to get over it.
Rachel 2: You're smarter than you look, Marshal. That's probably not a good thing.
Teddy Daniels: Why are you all wet, baby?
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Did you know that the word 'trauma' comes from the Greek for 'wound'? Hm? And what is the German word for 'dream'? Traum. Ein Traum. Wounds can create monsters, and you, you are wounded, Marshal. And wouldn't you agree, when you see a monster, you... you must stop it?
Teddy Daniels: Yeah... I agree.
George Noyce: You wanna uncover the truth? You gotta let her go.
Teddy Daniels: I can't.
George Noyce: You have to let her go!
Teddy Daniels: I can't! I can't!
George Noyce: Then you'll never leave this island.
Teddy Daniels: After she tried to kill herself the first time, Dolores told me she... she had an insect living inside her brain. She could feel it clicking across her skull, just... pulling the wires, just for fun. She told me that. She told me that but I didn't listen. I loved her so much.
Teddy Daniels: Soda and ice, please, thanks.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Oh. You don't indulge in alcohol? I'm surprised. Isn't it common for men in your profession to imbibe?
Teddy Daniels: Common enough. And... in yours?
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Er... I'm sorry?
Teddy Daniels: Your profession, Doctor, psychiatry.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Yes?
Teddy Daniels: I always heard it was overrun with boozers and drunks.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Not that I noticed.
Teddy Daniels: What's that, ice tea in your glass there?
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Excellent, Marshal. You have outstanding defense mechanisms. You must be quite adept at interrogations.
Nurse Marino: She was in a group therapy session.
Teddy Daniels: Anything unusual occur?
Nurse Marino: Define 'unusual'.
Teddy Daniels: Excuse me?
Nurse Marino: This is a mental institution, Marshal. For the criminally insane. Usual isn't a big part of our day.
Warden: If I was to sink my teeth into your eye right now, would you be able to stop me before I blinded you?
Teddy Daniels: Give it a try.
Warden: That's the spirit.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: You both served overseas, huh?
Chuck Aule: It's not much of a stretch, Doc. For all you know, we're both paper pushers over there.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: No, you are not. - Since the schoolyard, neither of you has ever walked away from a physical conflict. No, no, not because you enjoyed it, but because retreat isn't something you consider an option.
Chuck Aule: We weren't raised to run, Doc.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Ah, yes. Raised. And who raised you, Marshal?
Teddy Daniels: Me? Wolves.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Very impressive defense mechanisms.
Rachel 2: Fifty years from now, people will look back and say, "Here, at this place, is where it all began. The Nazis used the Jews, Soviets used prisoners in their own Gulags. And we - we tested patients on Shutter Island."
Rachel 2: You're smarter than you look, Marshall. That's probably not a good thing.
Warden: Did you enjoy God's latest gift?
Teddy Daniels: What?
Warden: God's gift. Your violence.
Warden: When I came downstairs in my home, and I saw that tree in my living room, it reached out for me... a divine hand. God loves violence.
Teddy Daniels: I... I hadn't noticed.
Warden: Sure you have. Why else would there be so much of it? It's in us. It's what we are. We wage war, we burn sacrifices, and pillage and plunder and tear at the flesh of our brothers. And why? Because God gave us violence to wage in his honor.
Teddy Daniels: I thought God gave us moral order.
Warden: There's no moral order as pure as this storm. There's no moral order at all. There's just this: can my violence conquer yours?
Chuck Aule: All I know is it's a mental hospital.
Teddy Daniels: ...for the criminally insane.
Rachel 2: Do you know how pain enters the body, Marshal? Do you?
Teddy Daniels: Depends on where you're hurt?
Rachel 2: No, it has nothing to do with the flesh. The brain controls pain.
Warden: You're as violent as they come. I know this, because I'm as violent as they come. If the constraints of society were lifted, and I was all that stood between you and a meal, you would crack my skull with a rock and eat my meaty parts. Wouldn't you?
Dolores Chanal: Let's put them at the table, we'll dry them off, change their clothes. They'll be our living dolls, huh? Tomorrow we can take them on a picnic.
Teddy Daniels: If you ever loved me, Dolores, please stop talking.
Dolores Chanal: Set me free.
Teddy Daniels: Is there a reason, doctor, why you keep referring to your patient in the past tense?
Dr. John Cawley: Take a look outside, marshall.
Dr. John Cawley: . Why do you think?
Dr. John Cawley: It's my job to treat the patients, not their victims.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Men like you are my specialty, you know. Men of violence.
Chuck Aule: Now, that's a hell of an assumption to make.
Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: No assumption, no, not at all. You misunderstand me. I said, you are 'men of violence'. I'm not accusing you of being violent men. That's quite different.
Teddy Daniels: They're experimenting on people here.
Chuck Aule: I don't know, boss. How can you believe a crazy guy?
Teddy Daniels: That's the beauty of it. Mental Patients make the perfect subjects, if they talk nobody listens to them!
Teddy Daniels: We gotta get off this rock, Chuck.
Dr. John Cawley: We don't know how she got out of her room. It was locked from the outside. And the only window's barred. It's as if she evaporated, straight through the walls.
Dr. John Cawley: Ah, this is definitely Rachel's handwriting. I have no idea... what the "Law of Four" is, though.
Teddy Daniels: It's not a psychiatric term?
Dr. John Cawley: No, I'm afraid not.
Chuck Aule: "Who is 67?" Fucked if I know.
Dr. John Cawley: I have to say that's quite close to my clinical conclusion.
Dr. John Cawley: You blew up my car. I really loved that car.
Teddy Daniels: I could come get you, get, get you off this island.
Rachel 2: Haven't you heard a word I've said? The only way off the island is the ferry, and they control it. You'll never leave here.
Warden: If I was to sink my teeth into your eye right now, would you be able to stop me before I blinded you?
Teddy Daniels: Give it a try.
Warden: That's the spirit!
Teddy Daniels: I am a federal Marshall. They can't stop me.
Rachel 2: I was an esteemed psychiatrist from a respected family. Didn't matter.
Teddy Daniels: Pull yourself together, Teddy. Pull yourself together.
Teddy Daniels: So this female prisoner...
Dr. John Cawley: Patient.
Teddy Daniels: Sorry... patient, one Rachel Solando, escaped sometime in the last 24 hours.
Dr. John Cawley: Last night between ten and midnight.
Chuck Aule: Is she considered dangerous?
Dr. John Cawley: You could say that. She killed all three of her children.
Chuck Aule: You okay boss?
Teddy Daniels: Yeah fine, I just ah, I just can't, can't stomach the water.
Dr. John Cawley: Why are you all wet, baby?
George Noyce: She's... fucking with your head!
Chuck Aule: Nice music, who is that, Brahms?
Teddy Daniels: No. It's Mahler.
Dolores Chanal: I found a whole stack of these, Teddy. Jesus, are you ever sober any more?
Teddy Daniels: I killed a lot of people in the war.
Dolores Chanal: Is that why you drink?
George Noyce: Been alone much since you got here?
Teddy Daniels: We are duly appointed Federal Marshals.     