
Wikus Van De Merwe: Get your fokkin' tentacle out of my face!
Automated MNU Instructional Voice: When dealing with aliens, try to be polite, but firm. And always remember that a smile is cheaper than a bullet.
Christopher Johnson's Son: How many moons does our planet have?
Christopher Johnson: Seven.
Christopher Johnson's Son: This planet only has one. I can't wait to see our planet again... it's bigger than this one, isn't it?
Christopher Johnson: Enough.
Christopher Johnson's Son: We go home now?
Christopher Johnson: Not home, no. This is where we must go.
Christopher Johnson: See that tent there? That might be ours.
Christopher Johnson's Son: I want to go home!
Christopher Johnson: We can't go home. Not anymore.
Wikus Van De Merwe: Hello, little guy! It's the sweetie man coming!
Wikus Van De Merwe: Could you go a bit slower with the clicks there, it sounded like you said *three years*...
Wikus Van De Merwe: We need your signature on this eviction notice.
Angry Alien: Fuck off!
Christopher Johnson's Son: Fuel goes in here!
Christopher Johnson: That's enough! QUIET!
Christopher Johnson's Son: ...then we fly away.
Christopher Johnson: I said QUIET! We cannot trust him.
Wikus Van De Merwe: What is he saying about the fuel, is this, are you trying to start this thing? He-he. Are you little fookers trying to start this, and get away, ay?
Christopher Johnson: Never mind.
Wikus Van De Merwe: Ha-ha. Yeah, you sneaky fookin' prawns, heh?
Christopher Johnson: Too bad. I could have fixed you.
Wikus Van De Merwe: Wha- wait what did you say about-about the *fixing*?
Christopher Johnson: Fuck!
Christopher Johnson: I thought you said not to kill them?
Wikus Van De Merwe: He shot at me!
Wikus Van De Merwe: This whole's thing's under your shack? For 20 years, you've had this fookin' thing hidden out here? This is, this is very illegal, I mean, this is... this is a fine.
Wikus Van De Merwe: Oh! I haven't shown you a picture of my wife! Here she is, my angel. I tell people she actually looks like an angel, you see here? The white looks like a halo on her head. Can you see that? She's my angel, you're picking that up on your cameras there! They probably won't keep that in the film but...
Wikus Van De Merwe: This is basically a guy, and there's 3 humans here, basically trying to make a warning, you know, saying "I kill 3 humans, watch out for me."
Wikus Van De Merwe: What are you doing?
Christopher Johnson: Making a bomb!
Tania Van De Merwe: It couldn't possibly come from him... I know it's true.
Christopher Johnson's Son: We go home now?
Christopher Johnson: Yes.
Prawn: We trade
Prawn: for ten thousand cans.
Obesandjo: Give them one hundred cans.
Obesandjo's Lieutenant: One hundred!
Prawn: Yes, yes, but we take all of them now.
Obesandjo's Lieutenant: All right, boys! Get them the cat food, hurry up!
Koobus Venter: I can't believe I'm being paid to do this. I love watching you prawns die.
Wikus Van De Merwe: I would never have any kind of... pornographic activity with a fokkin' creature!
Wikus Van De Merwe: ... but, it's uh, not a weapon... but I don't trust it, I don't trust any-a the -
James Hope - Police Officer: I mean, you can't say they don't look like that, that's what they look like, right? They look like prawns.
Sarah Livingstone - Sociologist: ... where they sold cat food to the aliens for exorbitant prices.
Wikus Van De Merwe: This is Christmas. This is Christmas, my friends! This is the biggest find that I've ever seen.
Wikus Van De Merwe: You don't need that, man. Only sissies wear that. You don't need that.
Obesandjo's Lieutenant: Hehe, I will teach you...
Wikus Van De Merwe: YOU BLIKSEM!
Obesandjo's Lieutenant: Hey, HEY, HEY!
Obesandjo: OH! HOLY SHIT!
Wikus Van De Merwe: You tell them to fokking stand down!
Obesandjo: Wikus Van De Merwe: Put the fokking weapons in the bag!
Wikus Van De Merwe: Don't fokking look at me!
Obesandjo's Lieutenant: How did you do this one, my man? It's doggy-style with a demon. You're one brave white man. Were you wearing a condom?
Fundiswa Mhlanga: He was an honest man, and he didn't deserve any of what happened to him.
MNU Agent: MNU! We're serving eviction notices.
Alien: What is "eviction"?
Wikus Van De Merwe: Forget about the weapons there mate, it doesn't matter. Forget about the weapons!
Obesandjo: I want his arm. Cut it off.
Wikus Van De Merwe: I think I crapped my pants
Wikus Van De Merwe: You wanna' fucking play with me, Koobus?
Wikus Van De Merwe: You fucker!
Wikus Van De Merwe: Here, you can take that, you want to keep that, as a souvenir of your first abortion, ay. You can feel like you've done one of these too.
Thomas: Thanks, boss!
Grey Bradnam - UKNR Chief Correspondent: There's no way of knowing whether or not Christopher Johnson will return. We don't know if he was simply escaping, whether he will effect a rescue plan, uh... and as the so-called free press says, whether or not he'll come back and declare war on us.
Christopher Johnson: My son's in there!
Wikus Van De Merwe: Alright, that's very comfor...
Wikus Van De Merwe: *Argh* Foking Bliksem!
Wikus Van De Merwe: We drinking a little bit here, eh?
Wikus Van De Merwe: You hear that? That's a popping sound that you're hearing. It's almost like a popcorn.
Wikus Van De Merwe: I'm not fucking scared of you!
Wikus Van De Merwe: This is tangled. This is tangled.
Wikus Van De Merwe: Okay, let's cut some cake!
Wikus Van De Merwe: C-U-T S-O-M-E C-A-K-E!
Wikus Van De Merwe: Well, huh, this has got the markings of - so it's definitely alien but it's uh, not a weapon... but I don't trust it, ya know, I don't trust any-a the...
    