
Carl Fredricksen: Russell?
Carl Fredricksen: Dug!
Dug: I was hiding under your porch because I love you. Can I stay?
Carl Fredricksen: Can you stay? Why, you're my dog, aren't you? And I'm your master!
Dug: You are my master? Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
Carl Fredricksen: Good boy, Dug. You're a good boy.
Carl Fredricksen: This is crazy. I finally meet my childhood hero and he's trying to kill us. What a joke.
Dug: Hey, I know a joke! A squirrel walks up to a tree and says, "I forgot to store acorns for the winter and now I am dead." Ha! It is funny because the squirrel gets dead.
Carl Fredricksen: Hey, let's play a game. It's called "See Who Can Be Quiet the Longest".
Russell: Cool! My mom loves that game!
Russell: That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.
Young Ellie: You know him.
Young Ellie: Charles Muntz, explorer. When I get big, I'm going where he's going,
Young Ellie: South America. It's like America, but south.
Young Ellie: You don't talk much... I like you!
Construction Foreman Tom: This is serious. He's out to get your house!
Carl Fredricksen: Tell your boss he can *have* our house.
Construction Foreman Tom: Really?
Carl Fredricksen: When I'm dead!
Construction Foreman Tom: I'll take that as a maybe!
Russell: Hey, I like dogs!
Carl Fredricksen: We have your dog!
Russell: Whoa.
Carl Fredricksen: I wonder who he belongs to?
Russell: Sit, boy.
Russell: Hey look, he's trained! Shake.
Russell: Uh-huh. Speak.
Dug: Hi there.
Carl Fredricksen: Did that dog just say "Hi there"?
Dug: Oh, yes.
Carl Fredricksen: Whaa!
Dug: My name is Dug. I have just met you, and I love you.
Carl Fredricksen: Wha...
Dug: My master made me this collar. He is a good and smart master and he made me this collar so that I may speak. Squirrel!
Dug: My master is good and smart.
Carl Fredricksen: It's not possible!
Dug: Oh, it is because my master is smart!
Russell: Cool! What do these do, boy?
Russell: Hey would you - cuerdo con tigo - I use that collar - watashi wa hanashi ma - to talk with. I would be happy if you stop.
Carl Fredricksen: Russell, don't touch that. It could be... radioactive or something.
Dug: I am a great tracker. My pack sent me on a special mission, all by myself. Have you seen a bird? I am going to find one, and I am on the scent. I am a great tracker; did I mention that?
Dug: Hey, that is the bird! I have never seen one up close, but this is the bird. May I take your bird back to camp as my prisoner?
Carl Fredricksen: Yes, yes, take it! And on the way, learn how to bark like a real dog!
Dug: Oh, I can bark.
Dug: And this is howling.
Russell: Can we keep him? Please, please, please?
Carl Fredricksen: No.
Russell: But it's a TALKING DOG!
Carl Fredricksen: It's just a weird trick or something. Let's get to the falls.
Carl Fredricksen: I am nobody's master, got it? I don't want you here
Carl Fredricksen: and I don't want you here!
Carl Fredricksen: I'm stuck with you, but if you two don't clear out of here by the time I count to three...
Dug: Oh! A ball! Oh, boy! Oh, boy! A ball!
Carl Fredricksen: Ball?
Carl Fredricksen: You want it, boy?
Dug: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Carl Fredricksen: Huh? Huh?
Dug: Yes, I do! I so ever do want the ball!
Carl Fredricksen: Go get it!
Dug: Oh, boy! Oh, boy! I will go get it and then bring it back!
Carl Fredricksen: Russell, give me some chocolate.
Russell: Hi, Mr. Fredricksen! It's me, Russell!
Carl Fredricksen: What are you doing out here, kid?
Russell: I found the snipe and I followed it under your porch, but this snipe had a long tail and looked more like a large mouse.
Russell: Please let me in.
Carl Fredricksen: No.
Carl Fredricksen: Oh, all right. You can come...
Carl Fredricksen: ...in.
Alpha: Not you, you lost the Bird. Now, you must wear the cone of shame.
Dug: I do not like the cone of shame.
Russell: I'm tired! My knee hurts!
Carl Fredricksen: Which knee?
Russell: ...My elbow hurts!
Russell: Good afternoon. My name is Russell, and I am a Wilderness Explorer in Tribe 54, Sweatlodge 12. Are you in need of any assistance today, sir?
Carl Fredricksen: No.
Russell: I could help you cross the street.
Carl Fredricksen: No.
Russell: I could help you cross your yard.
Carl Fredricksen: No.
Russell: I could help you cross your... porch?
Carl Fredricksen: No.
Russell: Well, I gotta help you cross *something*!
Russell: But I want to help!
Carl Fredricksen: I don't want your help, I want you safe.
Russell: A wilderness explorer is a friend to all, be a plant or fish or tiny mole!
Carl Fredricksen: That doesn't even rhyme!
Russell: Yeah it does.
Russell: Mr. Fredricksen? Am I supposed to dig the hole before or after?
Carl Fredricksen: Nyaa! None of my concern!
Russell: Oh... It's before!
Carl Fredricksen: Nyaa!
Dug: Won't you please be my prisoner, please, please, please!
Dog: I like you temporarily!
Carl Fredricksen: I can't tell where we are.
Russell: Oh, we're in South America, all right. It was a cinch with my Wilderness Explorer GPS.
Carl Fredricksen: GP what?
Russell: My dad gave it to me; it shows exactly where we are on the planet!
Russell: With this baby, we'll never be lost!
Russell: Oops.
Charles Muntz: Adventure is out there!
Russell: I found the snipe!
Carl Fredricksen: Oh, did you now?
Russell: Are they tall?
Carl Fredricksen: Oh, yes. They're very tall.
Russell: Do they have a lot of colors?
Carl Fredricksen: They do, indeed!
Russell: Do they like chocolate?
Carl Fredricksen: Ye... chocolate?
Carl Fredricksen: Gaah! What is that thing?
Carl Fredricksen: There. We should've gone enough. We should be rid of them now.
Dug: Hi, Master.
Carl Fredricksen: You'd better get up, Russell. Or else, the tigers will come and eat you.
Russell: There are no Tigers in South America. Zoology.
Charles Muntz: You know, Carl... these people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories.
Charles Muntz: A "surveyor" making a map.
Charles Muntz: A "botanist" cataloguing plants.
Charles Muntz: An old man taking his house to Paradise Falls.
Charles Muntz: That's the best one yet. I can't wait to hear how it ends.
Charles Muntz: Any last words Fredricksen? Come on, spit it out!
Carl Fredricksen: Get off my roof!
Dug: Yeah! Get off of his...
Dug: I will stop the dogs!
Dug: Stop, you dogs!
Alpha: This is Alpha calling Dug. Come in, Dug.
Dug: Hi Alpha. Hey, your voice sounds funny.
Alpha: I know, I know! Have you seen the bird?
Dug: Why, yes. The bird is my prisoner now.
Gamma: Yeah, right!
Alpha: Impossible! Where are you?
Dug: I am here with the bird, and I will bring it back, and then you will like me. Oh, gotta go.
Russell: Hey Dug! Who you talking to?
Alpha: No, wait, wait!
Beta: What's Dug doing?
Gamma: Why's he with that small mailman?
Beta: Where are they?
Dug: There he is, come on!
Dug: The Bird is calling to her babies.
Russell: Her babies! Kevin's a Girl?
Russell: This was her favorite candy bar. Because you sent her away, there's more for you.
Alpha: Why do I not have the surprised feeling?
Dug: Oh, please, oh, please, oh, please be my prisoner!
Russell: Dug, stop bothering Kevin!
Dug: That man there says I should take the bird...
Dug: ... and I love that man there like he is my master.
Carl Fredricksen: I am not your master!
Dug: I am warning you once again, bird!
Russell: Hey! Quit it!
Dug: I am jumping on you now, bird!
Carl Fredricksen: Russell, at this rate we'll never get to the falls!
Dug: Here, bird!
Russell: I've never been in a floating house before.
Russell: Goggles. Look at this stuff. Wow! You're going on a trip?
Russell: "Paradise Falls, a land lost in time." You're going to South America, Mr. Fredricksen?
Carl Fredricksen: Don't touch that! You'll soil it.
Russell: You know, most people take a plane, but you're smart because you'll have all your TV and clocks and stuff.
Russell: Hey look, buildings! That building's so close, I can almost touch it!
Russell: Wow! This is great! You should try this, Mr. Fredricksen! Look, there's a bus stop that could take me home two blocks away! Heyy, I can see your house from here!
Carl Fredricksen: Don't jerk around so much, kid -
Russell: AHH!
Carl Fredricksen: Well, that's not gonna work.
Beta: Chocolate, I smell chocolate!
Gamma: I'm getting prunes and denture cream! Who are they?
Beta: Oh, man, Master will not be pleased. We better tell him someone took the bird. Right, Alpha?
Alpha: No. Soon enough the bird will be ours yet again. Find the scent, my compadres, and you too shall have much rewardings from Master for the toil factor you wage.
Beta: Hey, Alpha, I think there's something wrong with your collar. You must have bumped it.
Gamma: Yeah, your voice sounds funny!
Alpha: Beta! Gamma!
Alpha: Mayhaps you desire to - SQUIRREL!
Alpha: Mayhaps you desire to challenge the ranking that I have been asigned by my strength and cunning...
Beta: No, no, no. But maybe Dug would. You might wanna ask him.
Gamma: Yeah. I wonder if he's found the bird on his very special mission.
Alpha: Do not mention Dug to me at this time. His fool's errand will keep him most occupied. Most occupied, indeed. Ha ha ha! Do you not agree with that which I am saying to you now?
Beta: Sure, but the second Master finds out you sent Dug out by himself, none of us will get a treat.
Alpha: You are wise, my trusted lieutenant.
Carl Fredricksen: Don't worry, I'll get you down, find a Bus Stop.
Russell: Whoa, that's s gonna be like a billion transfers to get back to my house...
Alpha: Master, dinner is ready.
Charles Muntz: Oh, yes, broken collar? It's that loose wire again.
Charles Muntz: There you go, big fella.
Alpha: Thank you, Master.
Russell: I liked his other voice better.
Russell: The wilderness must be explored! CA-CA! RAAWWRR!
Dog: Oh my Gosh! Alpha wears the Cone of Shame!
Alpha: Not yet you fool! Get this thing off me!
Dug: Sit!
Dog: Yes Alpha!
Dug: Hey, I'm not Alpha. He is. Oh!
Carl Fredricksen: Now, we're gonna walk to the falls quickly and quietly with no rap music or flashdancing.
Russell: Uh-huh.
Carl Fredricksen: We have three days, at best, before the helium leaks out of those balloons. And if we're not at the falls when that happens...
Russell: Sand.
Carl Fredricksen: ...we're not getting to the falls.
Russell: I found sand!
Carl Fredricksen: Don't you worry, Ellie. We'll get our house over there.
Charles Muntz: Does anyone know WHERE THEY ARE?
Carl Fredricksen: Morning, gentlemen.
Nurse George: Good morning, Mr. Fredricksen. You ready to go?
Carl Fredricksen: Ready as I'll ever be. Would you do me a favor and take this?
Carl Fredricksen: I'll meet you at the van in just a minute. I, uh, wanna say one last goodbye to the old place.
Nurse George: Sure. Take all the time you need, sir.
Nurse AJ: That's typical. He's probably going to the bathroom for the 80th time.
Nurse George: You think he'd take better care of his house.
Carl Fredricksen: Ah, ha ha ha! So long, boys! I'll send you a postcard from Paradise Falls!
Russell: Oh! Mr. Fredricksen! If we happen to get separated, use the wilderness explorer call: "CA - CA! RAWRRR!"
Russell: Sorry about your house, Mr. Fredricksen.
Carl Fredricksen: You know... it's just a house.
Construction Foreman Tom: Hey! 'Morning, Mr. Fredricksen. Need any help there?
Carl Fredricksen: No. Yes. Tell your boss over there that you boys are ruining our house.
Construction Foreman Tom: Well, just to let you know, my boss would be happy to take this old place off your hands, and for double his last offer! What do you say to that?
Construction Foreman Tom: Uh, I take that as a no, then.
Carl Fredricksen: I believe I made my position to your boss quite clear.
Construction Foreman Tom: You poured prune juice in his gas tank.
Carl Fredricksen: Oh, yeah, that was good.
Russell: Where are you keeping Kevin? Let me go!
Beta: Scream all you want, small mailman.
Alpha: None of your mailman friends can hear you.
Russell: I'll unleash all my Wilderness Explorer training!
Russell: You gave away Kevin. You just... gave her away.
Carl Fredricksen: This is none of my concern.
Carl Fredricksen: I DIDN'T ASK FOR ANY OF THIS.
Dug: Master, it's alright.
Carl Fredricksen: I AM NOT YOUR MASTER! AND YOU DIDN'T SHOW UP, NONE OF THIS WOULDN'T HAVE HAPPENED. BAD DOG! BAD DOG! Now whether you assist me or not, I am going to Paradise Falls, if it kills me.
Carl Fredricksen: You in the suit! Yes, you! Take a bath, hippie!
Construction Worker Steve: Okay, keep her coming. Keep coming. And stop. Stop. Stop!
Carl Fredricksen: Why... Hey! Hey you!
Carl Fredricksen: What do you... What do you think you're doing?
Construction Worker Steve: I am so sorry, sir.
Carl Fredricksen: Don't touch that!
Construction Worker Steve: No, no, no. Let me take care of that for you.
Carl Fredricksen: Get away from our mailbox!
Construction Worker Steve: Hey. Sir, I...
Carl Fredricksen: I don't want you to touch it!
Dug: I can smell you!
Carl Fredricksen: What? You can, smell us?
Dug: I can smell you!
Russell: You were talking to a rock.
Carl Fredricksen: You've been camping before, haven't you?
Russell: Well, never outside.
Carl Fredricksen: Well, why didn't you ask your dad how to build a tent?
Russell: I don't think he wants to talk about this stuff.
Carl Fredricksen: Why don't you try him sometime? Maybe he'll surprise you.
Russell: Well, he's away a lot. I don't see him much.
Carl Fredricksen: He's got to be home sometime.
Russell: Well, I called, but... Phyllis told me I bug him too much.
Carl Fredricksen: Phyllis? You call your own mother by her first name?
Russell: Phyllis isn't my mom.
Carl Fredricksen: Oh.
Newsreel Announcer: The organization strips Muntz of his membership.
Newsreel Announcer: Humiliated, Muntz vows a return to Paradise Falls and promises to capture the beast alive!
Charles Muntz: I promise to capture the beast alive, and I will not come back until I do!
Newsreel Announcer: Movietown News presents, "Spotlight on Adventure." What you are now witnessing is footage never before seen by civilized humanity: a lost world in South America. Lurking in the shadow of majestic Paradise Falls, it sports plants and animals undiscovered by science. Who would dare set foot on this inhospitable summit? Why, our subject today, Charles Muntz!
Carl Fredricksen: So you want to assist an old person?
Russell: Yep! Then I will be a Senior Wilderness Explorer!
Carl Fredricksen: Have you ever heard of a Snipe?
Russell: Snipe?
Carl Fredricksen: Bird. Beady eyes. Every night it sneaks in my yard and gobbles my poor azaleas. I'm elderly and infirm. I can't catch it. If only someone could help me...
Russell: Me! Me! I'll do it!
Carl Fredricksen: Oh, I don't know. It's awfully crafty. You'd have to clap your hands three times to lure it in.
Russell: I'll find it, Mr. Fredricksen!
Carl Fredricksen: I think its burrow is two blocks down. If you go past...
Russell: Two blocks down! Got it!
Russell: Sniiiipe! Here, Snipey, Snipey...
Carl Fredricksen: Bring it back here when you find it!
Police Officer Edith: Sorry, Mr. Fredricksen. You don't seem like a public menace to me. Take this.
Police Officer Edith: The guys from Shady Oaks will be by to pick you up in the morning, okay?
Russell: Hey look, Squirrel!
Beta, Gamma, Omega: Where? Lemme at em.
Gamma: I hate Squirrels!
Carl Fredricksen: Russell?
Carl Fredricksen: Russell, what are you doing?
Russell: I'm Gonna help Kevin, even if you won't.
Carl Fredricksen: Russell, No!
Charles Muntz: You lost them?
Beta: They were no match, too fast, they outsmarted us.
Gamma: Yeah, Dug helped them get away.
Charles Muntz: Wait a minute, Dug?
Dug: Oh boy, my Pack isn't following us. Boy are they dumb.
Charles Muntz: Gray leader? Take down the house.
Russell: AAAAh!
Russell: Oh?
Beta: Gray Leader, checking in.
Gamma: Gray Two, checking in.
Omega: Gray Three, checking in.
Beta: Target sighted.
Carl Fredricksen: Once you get to the Porch, find a rope, and pull me up. Got it?
Carl Fredricksen: Are you on the Porch yet?
Russell: I can't do it.
Carl Fredricksen: That's it? I came all this way just to end up on the Wrong Side of this Rock Pile?
Carl Fredricksen: Now what am I gonna do?
Russell: I can assist you to the Falls. We could walk you house over.
Carl Fredricksen: Well, that could work.
Russell: Then when we get there, will you sign my badge?
    