
Jim: P-51! Cadillac of the sky!
Jim: I can't remember what my parents look like.
Basie: Jim, didn't I teach you anything?
Jim: Yes! You taught me that people will do anything... for a potato.
Jim: Would you like a Hershey bar?
Nina: Oh yes, please
Jim: So would I kid, have you got one?
Basie: Don't let me down kid you're an American now.
Jim: Hey how'ya doin' Frank?
Jim: If the Americans land, the Japanese will fight.
Dr. Rawlins: You admire the Japanese?
Jim: Well, they're brave, aren't they?
Dr. Rawlins: That's important, is it, Jim?
Jim: It's a good thing if you want to win a war.
Dr. Rawlins: But we don't want them to win, do we. Remember, we're British.
Jim: Yes. I've never been there.
Maxton: I heard you resigned from the Scouts.
Jim: I've become an atheist.
Jim: Bastard! He gave me a mango!
Basie: I'll give you a whole goddamn fruit salad. There are Frigidaires falling from the sky. It's kingdom come!
Jim: He was my friend!
Basie: He was a Jap!
Jim: The war's over!
Jim: I was dreaming about God.
Mother: What did he say?
Jim: Nothing.
Jim: He was playing tennis.
Jim: Learned a new word today. "Atom bomb." It was like the God taking a photograph.
Jim: I was dreaming about God.
Mary Graham: What did he say?
Jim: Nothing. He was playing tennis. Perhaps that's where God is all the time and that's why you can't see Him when you're awake, do you think?
Mary Graham: I don't know. I don't know about God.
Jim: Perhaps He's our dream... and we're His.
Jim: Amatus sum, amatus es, amatus est.
Basie: Oh, buying and selling, Frank. You know. Life.
Sgt. Nagata: Boy. Difficult boy.
Chinese Youth: No mama. No papa. No whiskey sodas.
Jamie: Help me, I'm British.
Jim: Basie, first I could show you some rich pickings. Hundreds of houses left empty. I could show you some of the houses I lived in before Frank found me. They were luxuriant!
Basie: Luxuriant? You had good sense being born there, Jim. I'm sure there was good living.
Jim: There certainly was good living, Basie. There - there was opulence!
Basie: Heh heh. Opulence. Frank, we'll go and take a look at some of these houses. Let's go, Frank. Opulence.
Jim: We'll have to leave the camp.
Basie: That's the idea, Jim. First one side feeds you and the other side tries to get you killed, then it's turned around; it's all timing.
Jim: Do you know where we are? We're here, see? And now we have to turn left. Do you hear me? When I say turn left, you turn left! When I say turn right, turn right! You have to do what I say otherwise we'll never get to Soochow then you'll be shot!
Jamie: Excuse me everyone...
Jamie: I surrender.
Japanese Soldiers: I surrender! I surrender. Banzai! Banzai!
Jim: Are you with the American Fleet?
Frank: American Fleet! Looks like you lost your shirt kid.
Basie: What did you say your name was boy?
Jamie: Jamie and I'm building a man-flying kite and writing a book called Contract Bridge.
Basie: *Jim.* A new name for a new life.
Mary Graham: Jamie?... Jamie?... Jamie?
Narrator: In 1941 China and Japan had been in a state of undeclared war for four years. A Japanese army of occupation was in control of much of the countryside and many towns and cities. In Shanghai thousands of Westerners, protected by the diplomatic security of the International Settlement, continued to live as they had lived since the British came here in the 19th century and built in the image of their own country... built banking houses, hotels, offices, churches and homes that might have been uprooted from Liverpool or Surrey. Now their time was running out. Outside Shanghai the Japanese dug in and waited... for Pearl Harbor.
Dainty: What else you betting with Baise?
Basie: My LIFE.
Jim: Can I have his shoes when he's dead?
Dr. Rawlins: God you're a pragmatist, Jim.
Basie: Jesus, those Coney Island pilots!
Jim: I can bring everyone back. Everyone.
Basie: It's at the beginning and end of war that we have to watch out. In between, it's like a country club.
Basie: I want these back when they're done.
Jim: I saw it! I saw it! It was like a white light in the sky.
Jim: Dr. Rawlin, do you remember how we had helped build the runway? If we die like the others, our bones would be IN the runway. In a way, it's OUR runway...
Dr. Rawlins: No it's THEIR runway, Jim! Try not to think so much! Try not to THINK so much!
Jim: I touched it! I touched it! I felt the heat! I can taste it in my mouth, oil and cordite!
Frank: Damn it Basie, they're Japs
Basie: I can see that Frank, back out of here.
Frank: I can't back out, there's no reverse
Basie: Just go foward
Frank: Come on.
Jim: It almost looks as if they're waiting for something to happen...
John Graham, Jim's father: Yes.
Jim: They didn't look angry or anything...
Maxton: It's not their anger; it's their patience.     