
The Writer: I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve. Jesus, does anyone?
Gordie: Do you think I'm weird?
Chris: Definitely.
Gordie: No man, seriously. Am I weird?
Chris: Yeah, but so what? Everybody's weird.
Gordie: Fuck writing, I don't want to be a writer. It's stupid. It's a stupid waste of time.
Chris: That's your dad talking.
Gordie: Bullshit.
Chris: Bull true.
Chris: I know how your dad feels about you. He doesn't give a shit about you. Denny was the one. He cared about and don't try to tell me different. You're just a kid, Gordie.
Gordie: Oh, gee! Thanks, Dad.
Chris: Wish the hell I was your dad. You wouldn't be goin' around talkin' about takin' these stupid shop courses if I was. It's like God gave you something, man, all those stories you can make up. And He said, "This is what we got for ya, kid. Try not to lose it." Kids lose everything unless there's someone there to look out for them. And if your parents are too fucked up to do it, then maybe I should.
Gordie: Why did he have to die, Chris? Why did Denny have to die?
Chris: I don't know.
Gordie: It should've been me.
Chris: Don't say that.
Gordie: It should've been me.
Chris: Don't say that, man!
Gordie: I'm no good. My dad said it. I'm no good.
Chris: He doesn't know you.
Gordie: He hates me.
Chris: He doesn't hate you.
Gordie: He hates me!
Chris: No! He just doesn't know you.
The Writer: It happens sometimes. Friends come in and out of our lives, like busboys in a restaurant.
Teddy: This is my age! I'm in the prime of my youth, and I'll only be young once!
Chris: Yeah, but you're gonna be stupid for the rest of your life.
Chris: I'm never gonna get out of this town am I, Gordie?
Gordie: You can do anything you want, man.
Chris: Yeah, sure. Give me some skin.
Gordie: I'll see ya.
Chris: Not if I see you first.
The Writer: Although I hadn't seen him in more than ten years, I know I'll miss him forever.
Ace: What are you gonna do? Shoot us all?
Gordie: No, Ace. Just you.
Gordie: Alright, alright, Mickey's a mouse, Donald's a duck, Pluto's a dog. What's Goofy?
Vern: If I could only have one food for the rest of my life? That's easy-Pez. Cherry-flavored Pez. No question about it.
Teddy: Goofy's a dog. He's definitely a dog.
Gordie: I knew the $64,000 question was fixed. There's no way anybody could know that much about opera!
Chris: He can't be a dog. He drives a car and wears a hat.
Gordie: Wagon Train's a really cool show, but did you notice they never get anywhere? They just keep wagon training.
Vern: Oh, God. That's weird. What the hell is Goofy?
Ace: Okay, Chambers, you little faggot. This is your last chance. What do you say, kid?
Chris: Why don't you go home and fuck your mother some more?
Ace: You're dead.
Gordie: Suck my fat one, you cheap dime store hood.
The Writer: It was weird to me how, then, Teddy could care so much about his father, who practically tried to kill him. And I couldn't give a shit about my old man, and he hadn't laid a hand on me since I was three! And that was for eating the bleach under the sink.
Gordie: Maybe you could come into the college courses with me.
Chris: Yeah right, that'll be the day.
Gordie: Why not? You're smart enough.
Chris: They won't let me.
Gordie: What do you mean?
Chris: It's what everyone thinks of my family in this town. It's what they think of me. I'm just one of those low-life Chambers kids.
Gordie: That's not true.
Chris: Oh wait, it is. No one even asked me if I took the milk money that time. I just got a three day vacation.
Gordie: Did you take it?
Chris: Yeah, I took it! I mean, you knew I took it. Teddy knew I took it. Everyone knew I took it. Even Vern knew it, I think. But maybe I was sorry and I tried to give it back.
Gordie: You tried to give it back?
Chris: Maybe. Just maybe. And maybe I took it to Old Lady Simmons and told her, and the money was all there. But I still got a three day vacation because it never showed up. And maybe the next week, Old Lady Simmons had this new suit on when she came to school.
Gordie: Yeah, yeah! It was brown and it had dots on it.
Chris: Yeah. So let's just say that I stole the milk money, but Old Lady Simmons stole it back from me. Just say that I told this story. Me, Chris Chambers. Kid brother to Eyeball Chambers. Do you think that anyone would've believed it?
Gordie: No.
Chris: And do you think that that bitch would have dared try something like that if it had been one of those douchebags from up on the view, if they had taken the money?
Gordie: No way!
Chris: Hell no! But with me?... I'm sure she had her eye on that skirt for a long time. Anyway, she saw her chance, and she took it. I was the stupid one for even trying to give it back.
Chris: I just never thought a teacher... Oh, who gives a fuck anyway? I just wish... that I could go some place... where nobody knows me. I guess I'm just a pussy, huh?
Gordie: No way. No way.
Gordie: Is it loaded?
Chris: Shit no! What do you think I am?
Gordie, Chris: JESUS!
Chris: Skin it.
Teddy: Jesus H. bald-headed Christ!
Chris: You four-eyed pile of shit!
Teddy: A pile of shit has a thousand eyes.
Crowd: Boom-baba-boom-baba...
Crowd: Boom-baba-boom-baba-boom.
Mayor Grundy: And now, the one you've all been waiting for, the four-time champion, our own, Bill Travis!
Mayor Grundy: Listen, I got ten ridin' on you myself, Billy-boy.
Mayor Grundy: Alright, are you ready? Hands behind your backs, gentlemen! Drum roll!
Donelley Twin, Donelley Twin: Hey, Lardass! Chow down, Wide Load!
Mayor Grundy: Heh-heh-heh... GO!
Lardass Hogan: Done!
Lardass Hogan: Done!
Bill Travis: Done!
Lardass Hogan: Done!
Mayor Grundy: You better pace yourself if you wanna hold out, boy.
Crowd: Lardass! Lardass!
Gordie: What the audience didn't know was that Lardass wasn't really interested in winning. What he wanted was revenge, and right before he was introduced he'd gotten ready for it.
Gordie: Diving into his fifth pie, Lardass began to imagine that he wasn't eating pies. He pretended he was eating cow-plops, and rat guts in blueberry sauce.
Crowd: Lardass! Lardass!
Lardass Hogan: Done!
Gordie: Slowly, a sound started to build in Lardass' stomach. A strange and scary sound, like a log truck coming at you at a hundred miles-an-hour. Suddenly, Lardass opened his mouth, and before Bill Travis knew it...
Gordie: ... he was covered with five pies worth of used blueberries. The women in the audience screamed. Bossman Bob Cormier took one look at Bill Travis and barfed on Principal Wiggins, who barfed on the lumberjack that was sitting next to him. Mayor Grundy barfed on his wife's tits. But when the smell hit the crowd, that's when Lardass' plan really started to work. Girlfriends barfed on boyfriends. Kids barfed on their parents. A fat lady barfed in her purse. The Donnelley twins barfed on each other, and the Women's Auxiliary barfed all over the Benevolent Order of Antelopes. And Lardass just sat back and enjoyed what he'd created-a complete and total barf-o-rama!
Vern, Teddy, Chris: Yeah!
Vern: Ha-ha! You flinched! Two for flinching! Two for flinching!
Vern: ...B-but... you flinched!
Teddy: I know. Two for flinching.
Milo: Chopper! Sic'em, boy!
The Writer: Now he said, "Sic'em, boy!" But what I heard was, "Chopper! Sic balls!"
Gordie: *That's* Chopper?
Teddy: Ha ha ha! Come on, Choppy! Bite my ass, Choppy! Bite my ass! Bite shit. Come on, Choppy! Sic balls, Choppy!
Milo: Stop teasing that dog, you hear me! Stop teasing him! Sonny, I'm gonna beat your ass, teasing my dog like that!
Teddy: Yeah? I'd like to see you climb over this fence and get me, fat ass!
Milo: Don't you call me that, you little tin weasel peckerwood looney's son.
Teddy: What did you call me?
Milo: I know who you are. You're Teddy Duchamp. Your dad's a looney. A looney up in the nuthouse in Togus. He took your ear and he put it to a stove and burnt it off.
Teddy: My father stormed the beach at Normandy.
Milo: He's crazier than a shithouse rat. No wonder you're acting the way you are with a looney for a father.
Teddy: You call my dad a looney again, I'll kill you.
Milo: Looney, looney, looney!
Teddy: I'm gonna rip your head off and shit down your neck!
Vern: Do you think Mighty Mouse could beat up Superman?
Teddy: What are you, cracked?
Vern: Why not? I saw the other day. He was carrying five elephants in one hand!
Teddy: Boy, you don't know nothing! Mighty Mouse is a cartoon. Superman's a real guy. There's no way a cartoon could beat up a real guy.
Vern: Yeah, maybe you're right. It'd be a good fight, though.
Chris: You're gonna be a great writer someday, Gordie. You might even write about us guys if you ever get hard-up for material.
Gordie: Guess I'd have to be pretty hard-up, huh?
The Writer: At the beginning of the school year, Vern had buried a quart jar of pennies underneath his house. He drew a treasure map so he could find them again. A week later, his mom cleaned out his room and threw away the map. Vern had been trying to find those pennies for nine months. Nine months, man. You didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Vern: What am I supposed to do, think of everything? I brought the comb!
Teddy: Oh, great! You brought the comb! What did you bring a comb for? You don't even have any hair!
Vern: This isn't funny! What am I supposed to eat?
Teddy: You could cook your dick.
Chris: It'd be a small meal.
Teddy: You lose Gordie! Ha ha ha ha ha! Gordie loses! Oh, Gordie just screwed the pooch!
Gordie: Does the word "retarded" mean anything to you?
Teddy: Gordie, go get the food, you morphodite.
Gordie: Don't call me any of your mother's pet names.
Teddy: What a wet end you are, Lachance.
Gordie: Shut up.
Teddy, Vern, Chris: I don't shut up. I grow up. And when I look at you, I throw up. Aghhh!
Gordie: And then, your mother goes around the corner and she licks it up.
Gordie: ...the main guy of the story is a fat kid that nobody likes named Davie Hogan.
Vern: Like Charlie Hogan's brother. If he had one.
Chris: Good Vern. Go on, Gordie.
Gordie: Well this kid is our age but he's fat. Real fat. He weighs close to one-eighty. But you know, it's not his fault. It's his glands.
Vern: Oh yeah, my cousin's like that, sincerely. She weighs over three hundred pounds! Supposed to be Hyboid Gland or something. Well, I don't know about any Hyboid Glands, but what a blimp! No shit. She looks like a Thanksgiving turkey. And you know this one time...
Chris: Shut up, Vern.
Vern: Yeah, yeah, right. Go on, Gordie, it's a swell story.
Chris: "Suck my fat one"? Whoever told you that you had a fat one, Lachance?
Gordie: Biggest one in four counties.
Vern: Come on you guys. Let's get moving.
Teddy: Yeah, by the time we get there, the kid won't even be dead anymore.
Vern: I wasn't that scared. I wasn't. Sincerely.
Gordie: Okay. Then you won't mind if we check the seat of your jockies for Hershey squirts, will you?
Vern: Go screw.
The Writer: Vern didn't just mean being off limits inside the junkyard, or fudging on our folks, or going on a hike up the railroad to Harlow. He meant those things, but it seems to me now it was more and that we all knew it. Everything was there and around us. We knew exactly who we were and exactly where we were going. It was grand.
Chris: How do you know if a Frenchman has been in your backyard?
Teddy: Hey, I'm French, okay?
Chris: Your garbage cans are empty and your dog's pregnant.
Teddy: Didn't I just say I was French?
Vern: Nothing like a smoke after a meal.
Teddy: Yeah... I cherish these moments.
Teddy: What? What did I say?
Vern: Geez, Gordie. Why couldn't you have gotten breakfast stuff? Like Twinkies and Pez and Root Beer?
Gordie: Sorry, Vern. I guess a more experienced shopper could have gotten more for your seven cents.
Teddy: Okay, you guys can go around if you want. I'm crossing here. And while you guys are dragging your candy asses half way across the state and back, I'll be waiting on the other side, relaxing with my thoughts.
Gordie: You use your left hand or right hand to do that?
Teddy: You wish.
Gordie: But you didn't miss him. Chris Chambers never misses, does he?
Chris: Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.
Vern: There's one thing I didn't understand. Did Lardass have to pay to get in the contest?
Gordie: No, Vern. They just let him in.
Charlie Hogan: Besides, me and Billy found him first!
Teddy: Yeah, Vern told us how you found him!
Teddy: Oh Billy, I wish we'd never boosted that car! Oh Billy, I think I just turned my Fruit-of-the-Looms into a fudge factory!
Gordie: That tupper babe saw me!
Chris: Aw, shit, Gordie! She thought it was firecrackers.
Gordie: I don't care! That was a mean trick, Chris!
Chris: Hey, Gordie! I didn't know it was loaded!
Gordie: You swear?
Chris: Yeah, I swear.
Gordie: On your mother's name?
Chris: Yeah.
Gordie: Even if she goes to hell 'cause you lied?
Chris: Yeah, I swear!
Gordie: Pinky swear?
Teddy: I'll kill you!
Milo: You come on and try it, you slimy bastard.
Chris: He wants you to come over there so he can beat the piss out of you and take you to the cops.
Milo: You watch your mouth, smart guy! Let him do his own fighting.
Gordie: Sure, you only outweigh him by 500 pounds, fat ass!
Milo: I know your name. You're Lachance. I know all you guys and all your fathers are gonna get a call from me. Except for the looney up in Togus.
Teddy: I'll kill you!
Milo: You foul-mouthed whore master!
Teddy: You son of a bitch! Nobody ranks on my old man! My father stormed the beach at Normandy! He stormed the beach, you faggot!
Mr. Lachance: Why can't you have friends like Denny's?
Gordie: Dad, they're okay.
Mr. Lachance: Sure they are. A thief and two feebs.
Gordie: Chris isn't a thief.
Mr. Lachance: He stole the milk money at school. He's a thief in my book.
The Writer: I was 12 going on 13 the first time I saw a dead human being. It happened in the summer of 1959-a long time ago, but only if you measure in terms of years. I was living in a small town in Oregon called Castle Rock. There were only twelve hundred and eighty-one people. But to me, it was the whole world.
Teddy: That was the all-time train dodge! Too cool! Vern, you were so scared you looked like that fat guy, Abbott Costello, when he saw the mummy.
Eyeball: You let him beat you, you cock-knocker! Ha ha ha!
Vern: I told you we should of stuck to the tracks.
Teddy: Is it me, or are you the world's biggest pussy?
Vern: I suppose this is fun for you?
Teddy: No... but this is.
Eyeball: Hey girls, where ya goin'?
Gordie: Hey, my brother gave me that!
Ace: Now, you're giving it to me.
Gordie: Hey! C'mon, man! That's mine!
Chris: You're a real asshole, you know that?
Ace: Ooo. You're brother's not very polite, Eyeball.
Eyeball: Now, Christopher. I know you didn't mean to insult my friend.
Ace: I know he didn't mean to insult me. That's why I'm going to give him the chance of taking it back.
Ace: Take it back, kid.
Chris: You bastard! Let go, man! Shit!
Gordie: Stop it, man! You're hurting him!
Chris: Filthy bastard...! Okay, I take it back! I take it back!
Ace: Now, I feel a whole let better about this. How 'bout you?
Ace: Good.
Eyeball: See ya later, girls.
Teddy: I'm sorry if I'm spoiling everybody's good time.
Chris: It's okay, man.
Gordie: I'm not sure it should be a good time.
Chris: You saying you wanna go back?
Gordie: No. We're going to see a dead kid... maybe it shouldn't be a party.
Chris: You ready for school?
Gordie: No.
Chris: Junior High. You know what that means. Next year we'll all be split up.
Gordie: What are you talking about? Why would that happen?
Chris: 'Cause it's not gonna be like grammar school, that's why. You'll be taking your college courses, and me, Teddy, and Vern will all be in the shop courses with the rest of the retards, making ash trays and bird houses. You're gonna meet a lot of new guys. Smart guys.
Gordie: A lot of pussies is what you mean.
Chris: No, man. Don't say that. Don't even think that.
Teddy: Did your mother have any kids that lived?
Vern: What do you mean?
Eyeball: Shit! When they gonna give up? The kid's gone. They ain't never gonna find him.
Charlie Hogan: Not where they're looking.
Billy Tessio: Hey, Eyeball's right, Charlie. They ain't never gonna find him.
Eyeball: Would you hold still? You're making me fuck up the snake part.
Vince Desjardins: I'll tell you how they're gonna find him. Ten years from now, some hunter's gonna go in the woods to take a leak, wind up pissing on his bones.
Charlie Hogan: I bet you a thousand bucks they'll find him before then.
Eyeball: Bet you two thousand dollars they don't.
Charlie Hogan: Well, asshole...
Billy Tessio: Hey, what's the big deal? Who cares?
Ace: Will you two just shut the fuck up? If either of you assholes had two-thousand dollars, I'd kill you both.
The Writer: The train had knocked Ray Brower out of his Keds the same way it had knocked the life out of his body.
The Writer: The freight woke up the other guys and it was on the tip of my tongue to tell them about the deer. But I didn't. That was the one thing I kept to myself. I've never spoken or written about it until just now.
The Writer: The kid wasn't sick. The kid wasn't sleeping. The kid was dead.
Eyeball: So, what's with you and this Connie Palermo chick?
Billy Tessio: I've been seeing her for over a month now and all she'll let me do is feel her tits.
Ace: She's a Catholic, man. There'll all like that. If you wanna get laid, you gotta get yourself a Protestant. A Jew's good.
Billy Tessio: Hey, Ace, uh... maybe me and Charlie shouldn't go.
Charlie Hogan: Yeah, maybe you guys could go without us.
Ace: You guys are like my grandmother having a conniption fit. I don't see your problem. We brought a whole bunch of fishing gear, and if a cop asks us what we're doing here, we're just here to take a couple steelhead out of the river, and look what we found!
Vince Desjardins: Yeah! Come on, man, we're gonna be famous! We're gonna be on every radio and TV show in the country!
Charlie Hogan: I still don't think we should go.
Ace: Okay... okay... you've stated your position clearly. Now I'm gonna state mine: get in the fucking car, now!
Teddy: Two for flinching!
Mr. Lachance: It should've been you, Gordie.
Vern: Any of you guys know when the next train is due?
Chris: We could go down to the route 1-36 bridge.
Teddy: What are you, crazy? That's 5 miles down the river, you go 5 miles down the river you gotta walk 5 miles back! That could take 'til dark. We go across here we can get to the same place in 10 minutes.
Vern: Yeah, but if a train comes there's nowhere else to go.
Teddy: No there isn't, we just jump.
Chris: Teddy, it's 100 feet.
Vern: Yeah, Teddy.
Teddy: Look, you guys can go around if you want to, I'm crossing here, and when you guys are dragging your candy asses half way across the state and back, I'll be waiting for you on the other side relaxing with my thoughts.
Gordie: You use your left hand or your right hand for that?
Teddy: You wish.
Vern: You think Mighty Mouse could beat up Superman?
Teddy: What are you cracked?
Vern: Why not? I saw the other day, he was carrying 5 elephants in one hand.
Teddy: Boy, you don't know nothin', Mighty Mouse is a cartoon, Superman is a real guy, no way a cartoon could beat up a real guy.
Vern: Yeah, maybe you're right... would be a good fight though!
Teddy: Tssh.
Vern: You guys wanna go see a dead body?
Gordie: Walking talking Jesus!
Teddy: You die, Chambers!
Chris: You wanna be the Lone Ranger, or the Cisco Kid?
Mayor Grundy: Don't pay any attention to those fools, Lardass-er, I mean Davy.
Gordie: Well, all the kids, instead of calling him Davie, they call him Lardass. Lardass Hogan. Even his little brother and sister calls him Lardass. At school, they put a sticker on his back that says "Wide-Load". And they rank him out and beat him up whenever they get a chance. But one day, he gets an idea; a greatest revenge idea, a kid ever had.
Ace: We're gonna get you for this.
Chris: Maybe you will, maybe you won't.
Ace: Oh, we will.
Ace: You got two choices. You leave quietly, we take the body. Or, you can stay, we beat the shit out of you, we take the body.
Teddy: He ranked my old man!
Mayor Grundy: Next, a newcomer to the Pie Eat, but one we expect great things from in the future. Young master David Hogan!
Bill Travis: Are you all right, young man?
Lardass Heckler #1: Hey Lardass, how was your trip?
Bill Travis: I hear you got a big appetite, Lardass. Don't even think about winning this.
Lardass Heckler #2: Boy, are you fat!
Bob Cormier: Hey! From the racks and stacks, it's the best on wax! How 'bout another double-golden-oldie-twin-spin-sound-sandwich from K-L-A-M in Portland? Iiiiiiit's...
Pie-Eat Audience: Boss!
Gordie: Piss up a rope!
Charlie Hogan: I still think we should call the cops.
Billy Tessio: You don't go squawkin' to the cops when ya boosted a car, you idiot. They're gonna wanna know how we got all the way out on the Back Harlow Road. Now, they know we ain't got no car. It's best we just keep our mouths shut, and then they can't touch us.
Charlie Hogan: We could make a 'nonymous call.
Billy Tessio: They trace those calls, stupid. I seen it on "Highway Patrol" and on "Dragnet."
Chris: I knock.
Teddy: What? You liar! You ain't got no pat hand. You didn't deal yourself no pat hand!
Chris: Make your draw, shit-heap!
The Writer: Around this time, Charlie and Billy were playing "Mailbox Baseball" with Ace and Eyeball.
Ace: Ahh shit! I'm out! Goddammit!
Eyeball: You shouldn't have gone for a wooden one. Huh-huh!
Ace: Why don't you tell me something I don't know, asshole?
Ace: Billy, you're up.
Billy Tessio: Nah, you guys win. I don't wanna play no more.
Eyeball: Hey, you can't quit! We've only played three innings! That would be a non-official game!
Charlie Hogan: Hey, Ace. Uh, we...
Ace: What's with you homos? You guys've been acting psycho all day.
Ace: What is it?
Billy Tessio: It's nothin'! It's nothin'! It's nothin', right?
Ace: Then, if you gentlemen don't mind, I'd like to finish this game before I start collecting my goddamn Social Security, okay? You're up Billy. Move it!
Billy Tessio: All right! Gimmie this fuckin' thing.
Ace: Let's play ball!
Eyeball: Yeah!
Gordie: That's not the secret knock.
Vern: I forget the secret knock! Let me in!
Gordie, Chris: Vern.
Chris: Maybe, we should take Gordie back.
Teddy: Oh, great, Chambers! Now, you're turning pussy too!
Chris: What's your problem, Duchamp? He had a leech hanging from his balls, he fainted!
Teddy: What are you, his mother?
Chris: Eat shit!
Teddy: You eat shit!
Vern: Hey, hey, hey! I think Chris is right, let's just go back.
Teddy: What a surprise! The king of the pussies wants to go back too!
Vern: Stop calling me that!
Teddy: Well, pussy.
Vern: Stop it.
Teddy: Pussy.
Vern: Stop.
Teddy: Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy!
Vern: You four-eyed psycho.
Teddy: Get off me!
Vern: Two for flinching, you like it? Huh? Do I get two for flinching? You like it, Teddy?
Chris: Come on, guys. Break it up.
Gordie: Stop it... stop it.
Gordie: Stop it!
Gordie: I'm not going back.
Gordie: Shut up!
Teddy: I don't shut up, I grow up, and when I look at you, I throw up!
The Writer: As time went on, we saw less and less of Teddy and Vern until, eventually, they became just two more faces in the halls. Happens sometimes, friends come in and out of your life like busboys in a restaurant. I heard that Vern got married out of high school, had four kids, and is now the forklift operator at the Arseno Lumberyard. Teddy tried several times to get into the Army, but his eyes and his ear kept him out. Last I heard, he had spent some time in jail and was now doing odd jobs around Castle Rock.
Chris: I'm never gonna get out of this town, am I, Gordie?
Gordie: You can do anything you want, man.
Chris: Yeah. Sure.
Chris: Give me some skin.
Gordie: I'll see ya.
Chris: Not if I see you first.
The Writer: Chris did get out. He enrolled in the college courses with me and, although, it was hard, he gutted it out like he always did. He went on to college and, eventually, became a lawyer. Last week, he entered a fast food restaurant. Just ahead of him, two men got into an argument. One of them pulled a knife. Chris, who had always made the best peace, tried to break it up. He was stabbed in the throat. He died almost instantly.
The Writer: Although I hadn't seen him in more than ten years, I know I'll miss him forever.
Gordon's Son: Dad, can we go now?
The Writer: You ready?
Gordon's Son: Yeah, we've been ready for an hour.
The Writer: Okay, I'll be right there.
His Friend: He said that a half hour ago.
Gordon's Son: Yeah, my dad's weird. He gets like that when he's writing.
The Writer: I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was 12. Jesus, does anyone?
Ace: You wasn't planning on taking the body from us, were you, boys?
Chris: You get away. We found him. We got dibs.
Ace: We better start running, eyeball. They got dibs.
Chris: We earned him. You guys came in a car. That's not fair. He's ours.
Eyeball: That's not fair. He's ours. Well, not anymore
Teddy: The four of us, eyeball. You just make your move.
Chris: I'm never gonna get out of this town am I, Gordie?
Gordie: You can do anything you want, man.
Chris: Yeah, sure. Give me some skin.
Gordie: I'll see ya.
Chris: Not if I see you first.
Gordie: Is it loaded?
Chris: Hell, no. What do you think I am.
Gordie, Chris: JESUS!
Gordie: Let's get out of here!
Chris: Gordie did it. Gordie LaChance is shooting up Castle Rock.
Gordie: SHUT UP!
Teddy: I don't need no babysitter.
Chris: You do to.     