
John McClane: "Come out to the coast, we'll get together, have a few laughs..."
Supervisor: Attention, whoever you are, this channel is reserved for emergency calls only.
John McClane: No fucking shit, lady! Does it sound like I'm ordering a pizza?
Hans Gruber: Mr. Mystery Guest? Are you still there?
John McClane: Yeah, I'm still here. Unless you wanna open the front door for me.
Hans Gruber: Uh, no, I'm afraid not. But, you have me at a loss. You know my name but who are you? Just another American who saw too many movies as a child? Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne? Rambo? Marshal Dillon?
John McClane: Was always kinda partial to Roy Rogers actually. I really like those sequined shirts.
Hans Gruber: Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy?
John McClane: Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker.
John McClane: Welcome to the party, pal.
Hans Gruber: "Now I have a machine gun. Ho ho ho."
Dwayne T. Robinson: I've got a hundred people down here, and they're covered with glass.
John McClane: Glass? Who gives a shit about glass? Who the fuck is this?
Dwayne T. Robinson: This is Deputy Chief of Police, Dwayne T. Robinson, and I am in charge of this situation.
John McClane: Oh, you're in charge? Well, I got some bad news for you *Dwayne*, from up here it doesn't look like you're in charge of jack shit.
Dwayne T. Robinson: You listen to me, you little asshole, I'm...
John McClane: Asshole? I'm not the one who just got butt-fucked on national TV, *Dwayne*. Now, you listen to me, jerk-off, if you're not a part of the solution, you're a part of the problem. Quit being a part of the fucking problem and put the other guy back on!
Hans Gruber: I thought I told all of you, I want radio silence until further...
John McClane: Ooooh, I'm very sorry Hans. I didn't get that message. Maybe you should've put it on the bulletin board. I figured since I've waxed Tony and Marco and his friend here, I figured you and Karl and Franco might be a little lonely, so I wanted to give you a call.
Karl: How does he know so much about th...
Hans Gruber: That's very kind of you. I assume you are our mysterious party crasher. You are most troublesome, for a security guard.
John McClane: Eeeh! Sorry Hans, wrong guess. Would you like to go for Double Jeopardy where the scores can really change?
John McClane: Whoa, these are very bad for you.
Hans Gruber: Who are you then?
John McClane: Just a fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench. The pain in the ass.
Hans Gruber: This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly.
John McClane: That was Gary Cooper, asshole.
John McClane: You'd have made a pretty good cowboy yourself, Hans.
Hans Gruber: Oh, yes. What was it you said to me before? "Yippie-ki-yay, motherfucker."
Ginny: God. That man looks *really* pissed.
Holly Gennero McClane: He's still alive.
Ginny: What?
Holly Gennero McClane: Only John can drive somebody that crazy.
John McClane: You throw quite a party. I didn't realize they celebrated Christmas in Japan.
Joseph Takagi: Hey, we're flexible. Pearl Harbor didn't work out so we got you with tape decks.
John McClane: Drop it, dickhead. It's the police.
Tony: You won't hurt me.
John McClane: Oh, yeah? Why not?
Tony: Because you're a policeman. There are rules for policemen.
John McClane: Yeah. That's what my captain keeps telling me.
Joseph Takagi: You want money? What kind of terrorists are you?
Hans Gruber: Who said we were terrorists?
Hans Gruber: "And when Alexander saw the breadth of his domain, he wept, for there were no more worlds to conquer." Benefits of a classical education.
Theo: Theo: All right, listen up guys. 'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except... the four assholes coming in the rear in standard two-by-two cover formation.
John McClane: So that's is what this is about, Hans? A fucking robbery?
Hans Gruber: Put down the gun.
John McClane: Why'd you have to nuke the whole building, Hans?
Hans Gruber: Well, when you steal $600, you can just disappear. When you steal 600 million, they will find you, unless they think you're already dead.
John McClane: Now I know what a TV dinner feels like.
Hans Gruber: Touching, Cowboy, touching. Or should I call you, Mr. McClane? Mr. Officer John McClane of the New York Police Department?
Richard Thornburg: Get on the phone to Harry in New York. Come on, baby, move, move.
Thornburg's Assistant: Got it.
Sergeant Al Powell: Better get a hold of somebody in dispatch.
John McClane: Sister Teresa called me Mr. McClane in the third grade. My friends call me John, and you're neither, shit-head.
Hans Gruber: I have someone who wants to talk to you; a very special friend who was with you at the party tonight.
Harry Ellis: Hey, John boy.
John McClane: Ellis?
Harry Ellis: Yeah. Now listen, John, they're giving me a few minutes to try to talk some sense into you. I know you think you're doing your job, John, and I can appreciate that, but, you're just dragging this thing out. Now look, no one gets outta here until these guys can talk to the *LA* police, and that just ain't gonna happen until you stop messin' up the works, capisci?
John McClane: Ellis, what have you told them?
Harry Ellis: I told 'em we were old friends and you were my guest at the party.
John McClane: Ellis, you shouldn't be doin' this.
Harry Ellis: Tell me about it. Alright, John, listen. They want you to tell them where the detonators are. They know people are listening. They want the detonators or they're gonna kill me.
Harry Ellis: John, didn't you hear me?
John McClane: Yeah, I hear you.
Harry Ellis: Hey, John, I think you can get with the program a little, huh? The police are here now, it's their problem. Now tell these guys where the detonators are so no one else gets hurt, you know I'm putting my life on the line for you, pal.
John McClane: Ellis, listen to me very carefully.
Harry Ellis: John?
John McClane: Shut up Ellis, just shut your mouth! Put Hans back on the line.
John McClane: Hans, this shit-head does not know what kind of man you are, but I do. Listen to me!
Hans Gruber: Good. Then, you'll give us what we want and save your friend's life. You're not part of this equation this time, you realize that.
Harry Ellis: Hey, what am I, a method actor? Hans, babe, put away the gun, this is radio, not television.
John McClane: Hans, this asshole is not my friend, I just met him tonight, I don't know him. Jesus Christ, Ellis these people are gonna kill you, tell them, you don't know me.
Harry Ellis: John, how can you say that after all these years, huh? John?
Harry Ellis: John?
Hans Gruber: You hear that? Talk to me, where are my detonators? Where are they, or shall I shoot another one? Sooner or later, I might get to someone you *do* care about!
John McClane: Go fuck yourself, Hans.
Hans: The following people are to be released from their captors: In Northern Ireland, the seven members of the New Provo Front. In Canada, the five imprisoned leaders of Liberte de Quebec. In Sri Lanka, the nine members of the Asian Dawn movement...
John McClane: What the fuck?
Karl: Asian Dawn?
Hans: I read about them in Time magazine.
FBI Agent Johnson: I'm Agent Johnson, this is Special Agent Johnson.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Oh, how you doin'?
FBI Agent Johnson: No relation.
Sergeant Al Powell: I shot a kid. He was 13 years old. Ohhh, it was dark, I couldn't see him. He had a ray gun, looked real enough. You know, when you're a rookie, they can teach you everything about bein' a cop except how to live with a mistake. Anyway, I just couldn't bring myself to draw my gun on anybody again.
Dwayne T. Robinson: We're gonna need some more FBI guys, I guess.
Hans Gruber: When they touch down, we'll blow the roof, they'll spend a month sifting through rubble, and by the time they figure out what went wrong, we'll be sitting on a beach, earning twenty percent.
John McClane: Happy trails, Hans.
John McClane: Who's driving this car, Stevie Wonder?
Sergeant Al Powell: Hey, John? John McClane you still with us?
John McClane: Yeah. But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia. Chalk up two more bad guys.
Sergeant Al Powell: Well, the boys down here will be glad to hear that. You know we got a pool going on you.
John McClane: What kind of odds am I getting?
Sergeant Al Powell: You don't wanna know.
John McClane: Put me down for twenty, I'm good for it.
John McClane: . Hey pal, you got flat feet?
Sergeant Al Powell: What the hell you talking about, man.
John McClane: Something had to get you off the street.
Sergeant Al Powell: What's the matter? You don't think jockeying papers around a desk is a noble effort for a cop?
John McClane: No...
Sergeant Al Powell: I had an accident.
John McClane: The way you drive, I can see why. What'd you do? Run over your captains foot with the car?
Sergeant Al Powell: I shot a kid. He was 13 years old. Oh, it was dark, I couldn't see him, he had a ray gun, looked real enough. You know when you're a rookie they can teach you everything about being a cop, except how to live with a mistake. Anyway, I just couldn't bring myself to draw my gun on anyone again.
John McClane: ...Sorry man.
Holly Gennero McClane: I have a request.
Hans Gruber: What idiot put you in charge?
Holly Gennero McClane: You did.
Holly Gennero McClane: When you murdered my boss. Now everybody's looking to me. Personally, I'd pass on the job. I don't enjoy being this close to you.
Hans Gruber: Go on.
Holly Gennero McClane: We have a pregnant woman out there.
Holly Gennero McClane: Relax. She's not due for a couple of weeks. Sitting on that rock isn't doing her back any good, so I would like permission to move her to one of the office where there's a sofa.
Hans Gruber: No, but I'll have a sofa brought out to you. Good enough?
Holly Gennero McClane: Good enough, and unless you like it messy, I'd start bringing us in groups to the bathroom.
Hans Gruber: Yes... you're right, it will be done.
Holly Gennero McClane: After all your posturing, all your little speeches, you're nothing but a common thief.
Hans Gruber: I am an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And since I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Did you hear that? He just let the guy die, man. He just gave him up. Gimme that headset. That's like pullin' the trigger yourself.
Sergeant Al Powell: Christ, man. Can't you see what's happening? Can't you read between the lines?
Dwayne T. Robinson: Cold. This on the right channel?
Cop: Yes, sir.
Sergeant Al Powell: He did everything he could to save him. If he gave himself up, they'd both be dead right now.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Oh, no way, man, no way. They'd be talking to us. Listen, you tell this partner of yours, Powell, to stay the hell out of this from now on, do you hear me? Because, if he doesn't, I'm gonna nail him, boy. I'm really gonna nail his ass, now, believe me.
Sergeant Al Powell: The man is hurting! He is alone, tired, and he hasn't seen diddly-squat from anybody down here. Now you're gonna stand there and tell me that he's gonna give a damn about what you do to him, *if* he makes it out of there alive? Why don't you wake up and smell what you shoveling?
Dwayne T. Robinson: You listen to me, Sergeant. Any time you wanna go home, you consider yourself dismissed.
Sergeant Al Powell: No, sir. You couldn't drag me away.
Hans Gruber: Nice suit. John Phillips, London. I have two myself. Rumor has it Arafat buys his there.
John McClane: You motherfucker, I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna fuckin' cook you, and I'm gonna fucking eat you!
John McClane: You should have heard your brother squeal when I broke his fucking neck.
John McClane: Geronimo, Motherfucker!
Sergeant Al Powell: Hey Roy, how you feeling?
John McClane: Pretty fuckin' unappreciated, Al.
John McClane: Nine million terrorists in the world and I gotta kill one with feet smaller than my sister.
Hans Gruber: The circuits that cannot be cut are cut automatically in response to a terrorist incident. You asked for miracles, Theo, I give you the F.B.I.
Big Johnson: Just like fuckin' Saigon, hey, Slick?
Little Johnson: I was in junior high, dickhead.
Hans: Put down the gun, and give me my detonators.
John McClane: Well, well, well... Hans.
Hans: Put it down now.
John McClane: That's pretty tricky with that accent. You oughta be on fucking TV with that accent. But what do you want with the detonators, Hans? I already used all the explosives. Or did I?
Hans: I'm going to count to three...
John McClane: Yeah, like you did with Takagi?
John McClane: Ooops.
John McClane: No more bullets. What do you think, I'm fucking stupid, Hans?
Hans: You were saying?
Harry Ellis: I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
Hans Gruber: What does he want?
Harry Ellis: It's not what I want, it's what I can give you.
Harry Ellis: Well, I've watched 60 Minutes, and I'm saying to myself, they're motivated, they're happening, I.E. they want something. Maybe it's because you're pissed off or maybe it's the jockies, it's none of my business.
Hans Gruber: You're amazing. You've figured this all out out already.
Harry Ellis: Hey, business is business. You use a gun, I use a fountain pen what's the difference? Let's put it in my terms: you're in a hostile takeover, you snatch us up for some green mail, but you're not expecting some poison pill to be running around the building, am I right? Hans, *bubby*, I'm your white knight.
Hans Gruber: I must have missed 60 Minutes. What are you saying?
Harry Ellis: You know that guy that's fucking things up upstairs?
Harry Ellis: I can give him to you.
Harry Ellis: Hey babe, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast. I think I can handle this Eurotrash.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Oh, I hope that's not a hostage.
FBI Special Agent Johnson: Authorization? How about the United States FUCKING government? Lose the grid, or you lose your job.
John McClane: Son of a bitch! Fist with your toes.
John McClane: Freeze m*th*rf*cker!
Marco: Oh God! Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
John McClane: Drop the gun!
Marco: Ok! But don't shoot! Don't shoot!
John McClane: Put it on the ground!
Marco: I know! But don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Heinrich: Marco duck!
Marco: Marco: You a dog now. Where you going pal? Soon there will be no more table.
Marco: Next time you have a chance to kill someone, don't hesitate.
John McClane: Thanks for the advice.
John McClane: C'mon baby, come ta' papa, I'll kiss ya' fuckin' dalmatian.
John McClane: Is the building on fire?
Sergeant Al Powell: No, but it's gonna need a paint job and a shit load of screen doors.
John McClane: John McClane: Why the fuck didn't you stop 'em, John? 'Cause then you'd be dead, too, asshole.
Takagi: I don't know it, I'm telling you. Get on a jet to Tokyo and ask the Chairman. I'm telling you, you're just going to have to kill me.
Hans Gruber: Okay.
Hans Gruber: We do it the hard way.
Gail Wallens: Author of "Hostage Terrorist, Terrorist Hostage: A Study in Duality." Dr. Hasseldorf, what can we expect in the next few hours?
Dr. Hasseldorf: Well, Gail, by this time the hostages should be going through the early stages of the Helsinki Syndrome.
Harvey Johnson: As in Helsinki, Sweden.
Dr. Hasseldorf: Finland.
Cop: Sir, the FBI is here.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Oh, the FBI is here, now?
Cop: Yes, sir. Right over there.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Hold this.
Sergeant Al Powell: Want a breath mint?
John McClane: I'm on your side, you assholes!
Sergeant Al Powell: In fact, I think he's a cop. Maybe not LAPD, but he's definitely a badge.
Dwayne T. Robinson: How do you know that?
Sergeant Al Powell: A hunch, things he said. Like being able to spot a phony ID.
Dwayne T. Robinson: Jesus Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know.
Hans Gruber: Karl, schieß dem Fenster
Hans Gruber: *Shoot* the *glass!*
John McClane: Let's see you take *this* under advisement, jerkweed!
FBI Special Agent Johnson: This is agent Johnson. No, the other one.
Hans Gruber: I'm going to count to three, there will not be a four. Give me the code.
John McClane: Oh, John, what the fuck are you doing? How the fuck did you get into this shit?
Hans Gruber: Hans Gruber: Hit it, again.
John McClane: Hans you motherfucker, you made your point! Let them pull back!
Hans Gruber: Thank you, Mr. Cowboy, I'll take it under advisement.
Hans Gruber: *Hit it, again.*
Harry Ellis: What do you think?
Holly Gennero McClane: Something's wrong.
Harry Ellis: Cops?
Holly Gennero McClane: John.
Harry Ellis: John? Aw, Christ, he can fuck this whole thing up! What does he think he's doing?
Holly Gennero McClane: His job.
Harry Ellis: Bullshit! His job's three thousand miles away. Without him, we still have a chance we might be able to get outta here.
Holly Gennero McClane: Tell that to Takagi.
Theo: Oh my God, the quarterback is TOAST!
Hans Gruber: I wanted this to be professional, efficient, adult, cooperative. Not a lot to ask. Alas, your Mr. Takagi did not see it that way... so he won't be joining us for the rest of his life. We can go any way you want it. You can walk out of here or be carried out. But have no illusions. We are in charge. So, decide now, each of you. And please remember: we have left nothing to chance.
John McClane: Merry Christmas, Argyle.
Argyle: Merry Christmas.
Richard Thornburg: Did ya get that?
Argyle: If this is their idea of Christmas, I *gotta* be here for New Year's.
Businessman: You don't like flying, do you?
John McClane: What gives you that idea?
Businessman: You wanna know the secret to surviving air travel? After you get where you're going, take off your shoes and your socks then walk around on the rug bare foot and make fists with your toes.
John McClane: Fists with your toes?
Businessman: I know, I know, it sounds crazy. Trust me, I've been doing it for nine years. Yes sir, better than a shower and a hot cup of coffee.
John McClane: Okay.
John McClane: It's okay, I'm a cop. Trust me, I've been doing this for eleven years.
John McClane: Jesus! Fuckin' California!
Dwayne T. Robinson: We don't know shit, Powell. If there's hostages, how come nobody's come to us with ransom demands, huh? If there's terrorists in there, where's their list of demands? All we know is that somebody shot your car up. It's probably the same silly son of a bitch you've been talking to on that radio.
Sergeant Al Powell: Excuse me, sir! But what about the body that fell out the window?
Dwayne T. Robinson: Well, who knows? Probably some stockbroker, got depressed.
Harry Ellis: Hey, sprechen ze talk?
John McClane: I promise I will never even *think* about going up in a tall building again. Oh, God. Please don't let me die.
John McClane: But, all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
Argyle: Hey, that'll work.
John McClane: Don't you got any Christmas music?
Argyle: This *is* Christmas music!
FBI Special Agent Johnson: Figure we take out the terrorists. Lose twenty, twenty-five percent of the hostages, tops.
FBI Agent Johnson: I can live with that.
Fritz: They're using artillery on us!
Hans Gruber: You idiot, it's not the police. It's *him*!
FBI Agent Johnson: He's inside? Who is he?
Dwayne T. Robinson: Well, he might be a cop. I don't know, we're checking on that.
FBI Special Agent Johnson: One of yours?
Dwayne T. Robinson: No. No way.
Sergeant Al Powell: Well, what are we gonna do now? Arrest them for not paying their electric bill?
FBI Agent Johnson: We've shut them down. We let 'em sweat for a while, then... we give 'em helicopters.
FBI Special Agent Johnson: Right up the ass.
Hans Gruber: Theo, are we on schedule?
Theo: One more to go then it's up to you. And you better be right, because it looks like this last one is going to take a miracle.
Hans Gruber: It's Christmas, Theo. It's the time of miracles. So be of good cheer... and call me when you hit the last lock.
John McClane: Do you smoke?
Hans Gruber: Yeah.
Hans Gruber: Thanks. Now, you don't work for Nakatomi, and you're not one of them.
John McClane: I'm a cop from New York.
Hans Gruber: New York?
John McClane: Yeah. I got invited to the Christmas party by mistake. Who knew.
John McClane: Better being caught with your pants down, huh? I'm John McClane, and you are?
Hans Gruber: Clay. Bill Clay.
John McClane: You now how to use a handgun, Bill?
Hans Gruber: I spent a weekend at a combat ranch. You know where they shoot red paint, but it sounds stupid to you.
John McClane: Well, time for the real thing, Bill. All you gotta do is pull the trigger.
Hans Gruber: Now, you *can* break the code?
Theo: You didn't bring me along for my charming personality.
Hans: Mr. Takagi, I could talk about industrialization and men's fashion all day, but I'm afraid work must intrude, and my associate, Theo, has some questions for you. Sort of fill in the blanks questions, actually.
Karl: We are both professionals. This is personal.
John McClane: These guys are mostly European judging by their clothing labels and...
John McClane: cigarettes. They're well-financed and very slick.
Sergeant Al Powell: Well, now, how do you know that?
John McClane: I've seen enough phony ID's in my time to recognize that the ones they got must have cost a fortune. Add all that up, I don't know what the fuck it means, but you got some bad-ass perpetrators and they're here to stay.
Sergeant Al Powell: I hear ya, partner. And L.A.'s finest are on it.
John McClane: You macho assholes, no, no!
Theo: So Kareem rebounds, right? Feeds Worthy on the break, over to A.C., to Magic, then back to Worthy! Right?
Theo: BOOM! Two points!
Theo: We're in.
Convenience Store Clerk: Thought you guys just ate donuts.
Sergeant Al Powell: They're for my wife.
Convenience Store Clerk: Yeah.
Sergeant Al Powell: She's pregnant.
Convenience Store Clerk: Yeah.
Sergeant Al Powell: Bag it.
Convenience Store Clerk: Big time.
John McClane: Hi, honey.
Hans Gruber: If you'd listened to me, he would be neutralised already.
Karl: I don't want neutral. I want dead.
Hans Gruber: I'm going to count to three, there won't be a four... Give me the code.
Theo: Merry Christmas.
Hans: Mrs. McClane. How nice to make your acquaintance.
Hans Gruber: Due to the Nakatomi Corporation's legacy of greed around the globe, they are about to be taught a lesson in the real use of power. You will be witnesses.
Hans Gruber: Now, where is Mr. Takagi? Joseph Yoshinobu Takagi, born in Kyoto, Japan, 1937. Family immigrated to San Pedro , California, 1939. Interned Manzanar, 1942 to 43. Scholarship student University of California, 1955. Law degree, Stanford, 1962. MBA , Harvard, 1970. President, Nakatomi Corporation. Chairman, Nakatomi Investment Group...
Joseph Takagi: Enough!
Hans Gruber: and father of five.
Joseph Takagi: I am Takagi!
Tony: The fire has been called off, my friend. No one is coming to help you. You might as well come out and join the others. I promise I won't hurt you.
Karl: No one kills him but me!
Argyle: Well, why didn't you come with her man? What's up?
John McClane: 'Cause I'm a New York cop. I got a six-month backlog on New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I can't just pick up and go that easy.
Holly Gennero McClane: You'll have to forgive Ellis. He gets very depressed this time of year. He thought he was God's greatest gift. You know?
John McClane: Yeah, I know the type. I think he's got his eye on you.
Holly Gennero McClane: That's okay. I have my eye on his private bathroom.
Harry Ellis: I never thought I'd love to hear that sound.
Hans Gruber: Theo? Theo!
Theo: Yo!
Hans Gruber: We may have some problems. How's our schedule?
Theo: Three down, four to go.
Hans Gruber: Then don't waste time talking to me.
Sergeant Al Powell: If you are what I think you are then you'll know when to shut up, when to listen... and when to pray.
Marco: When you get a chance to kill somebody, take it!
John McClane: Thanks for the advice.
John McClane: Freeze, it's the police.
Tony: You won't hurt me.
John McClane: Oh yeah, why's that?
Tony: You're a police man. There are rules for police men.
John McClane: That's what my captain keeps telling me.
Argyle: Just remember that when you sign for the tip.
Theo: Wait a minute, wait a minute. What have we here, gentlemen? The police have themselves an RV. Southeast corner.
Argyle: The fuck is going on?     