
Indiana Jones: Tickets please.
Colonel Vogel: What?
Indiana Jones: No ticket.
Fedora: You lost today, kid. But that doesn't mean you have to like it.
Indiana Jones: Nazis. I hate these guys.
Sallah: Please, what does it always mean, this... this "Junior"?
Professor Henry Jones: That's his name.
Professor Henry Jones: Henry Jones...
Professor Henry Jones: ...Junior.
Indiana Jones: I like "Indiana."
Professor Henry Jones: We named the *dog* Indiana.
Marcus Brody: May we go home now, please?
Sallah: The dog?
Sallah: You are named after the dog? HA HA HA...!
Indiana Jones: I've got a lot of fond memories of that dog.
Indiana Jones: Sallah, I said *no* camels. That's *five* camels. Can't you count?
Elsa: It's perfectly obvious where the pages are. He's given them to Marcus Brody.
Professor Henry Jones: Marcus? You didn't drag poor Marcus along did you? He's not up to the challenge.
Walter Donovan: He sticks out like a sore thumb. We'll find him.
Indiana Jones: The hell you will. He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already.
Marcus Brody: Uhhh, does anyone here speak English?
Indiana Jones: Archeology is the search for fact, not truth. If it's truth you're interested in, Dr. Tyree's Philosophy class is right down the hall.
Indiana Jones: So forget any ideas you've got about lost cities, exotic travel, and digging up the world. We do not follow maps to buried treasure, and "X" never, ever marks the spot.
Indiana Jones: 70% of all archeology is done in the library. Researching. Reading. We cannot afford to take mythology at face value.
Indiana Jones: How did you know she was a Nazi?
Professor Henry Jones: She talks in her sleep.
Colonel Vogel: Tell me about this miserable little diary of yours. The book is useless and yet you come all the way back to Berlin to get it. Why?
Colonel Vogel: Why?
Colonel Vogel: What are you hiding?
Colonel Vogel: What does the diary tell you that it doesn't tell us?
Professor Henry Jones: It tells me, that goose-stepping morons like yourself should try *reading* books instead of *burning* them!
Indiana Jones: Come on, dad. Help me get us out of here. We have to get to Marcus before the Nazis do.
Professor Henry Jones: But you said he had a two day head start. That he would blend in, disappear.
Indiana Jones: Are you kidding? I made all that up. You know Marcus. He once got lost in his own museum.
Street Vendor: Water?
Marcus Brody: No thank you, sir, no. Fish make love in it.
Professor Henry Jones: I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky...
Professor Henry Jones: The Word of God.
Marcus Brody: No, Henry. Try not to talk.
Professor Henry Jones: The Name of God.
Indiana Jones: The Name of God... Jehovah.
Professor Henry Jones: But in the Latin alphabet, "Jehovah" begins with an "I".
Indiana Jones: J-...
Indiana Jones: Oh, *idiot*! In Latin Jehovah begins with an "I"!
Elsa: What's this?
Indiana Jones: Ark of the Covenant.
Elsa: Are you sure?
Indiana Jones: Pretty sure.
Indiana Jones: It's disgraceful, you're old enough to be her... her grandfather.
Professor Henry Jones: Well, I'm as human as the next man.
Indiana Jones: Dad, I *was* the next man.
Professor Henry Jones: Oh... ships that pass in the night.
Indiana Jones: I'm like a bad penny, I always turn up.
Professor Henry Jones: Those people are trying to kill us!
Indiana Jones: I know, Dad!
Professor Henry Jones: This is a new experience for me.
Indiana Jones: It happens to me all the time.
Professor Henry Jones: Indiana Jones: Dad, are we hit?
Professor Henry Jones: More or less. Son, I'm sorry. They got us.
Professor Henry Jones: Our situation has not improved.
Professor Henry Jones: I didn't know you could fly a plane.
Indiana Jones: Fly, yes. Land, no.
Marcus Brody: Is there anyone here who speaks English? Or maybe even ancient Greek?
Professor Henry Jones: Junior, give me your other hand! I can't hold on!
Indiana Jones: I can get it. I can almost reach it, Dad...
Professor Henry Jones: Indiana.
Professor Henry Jones: Indiana... let it go.
Professor Henry Jones: Elsa never really believed in the grail. She thought she'd found a prize.
Indiana Jones: And what did you find, Dad?
Professor Henry Jones: Me? Illumination.
Colonel Vogel: Throw down the gun or the girl will die.
Professor Henry Jones: But she's one of them.
Elsa: Indy, please!
Professor Henry Jones: She's a Nazi.
Indiana Jones: What?
Professor Henry Jones: Trust me.
Elsa: Indy, help!
Colonel Vogel: I will kill her!
Professor Henry Jones: Oh yeah? Go ahead.
Indiana Jones: No! Don't shoot!
Professor Henry Jones: Don't worry. He won't.
Elsa: Indy, please do what he says!
Professor Henry Jones: And don't listen to her.
Colonel Vogel: Enough! She dies!
Indiana Jones: Wait! Wait.
Elsa: I'm sorry.
Indiana Jones: Don't be.
Elsa: But you should have listened to your father.
Elsa: I'll never forget how vonderful it vas.
Professor Henry Jones: Why thank you. It was rather wonderful.
Elsa: Zat's how Austrians say goodbye.
Colonel Vogel: Und zis is how ve zay goodbye in Germany, Dr. Jones.
Indiana Jones: I liked the Austrian way better.
Professor Henry Jones: So did I.
Walter Donovan: However, your highness, we would not think of crossing your soil without your permission, nor of removing the Grail from your borders without suitable compensation.
Sultan: What have you brought?
Colonel Vogel: Bring den Schatz!
Walter Donovan: Precious valuables, your highness. Donated by some of the finest families in all of Germany.
Sultan: Rolls-Royce Phantom II. 4.3 litre, 30 horsepower, six cylinder engine, with Stromberg downdraft carburettor, can go from zero to 100 kilometres an hour in 12.5 seconds. And I even like the color.
Walter Donovan: The keys are in the ignition, your highness.
Sultan: You shall have camels, horses, an armed escort, provisions, desert vehicles and tanks.
Professor Henry Jones: Marcus.
Marcus Brody: Aah.
Professor Henry Jones: Genius of the res-to-ration.
Marcus Brody: Aid our own re-sus-ci-tation. Henry, what are you doing here?
Professor Henry Jones: It's a rescue. Come on.
Professor Henry Jones: My son, we're pilgrims in an unholy land.
Indiana Jones: Dad!
Professor Henry Jones: What?
Indiana Jones: Dad!
Professor Henry Jones: What?
Indiana Jones: DAD!
Professor Henry Jones: WHAT?
Indiana Jones: Dad, head for the fireplace!
Professor Henry Jones: I'm sorry about your head though. But I thought that you were one of them.
Indiana Jones: Dad, they come in through the doors.
Professor Henry Jones: Ha, good point.
Elsa: Don't look at me like that. We both wanted the Grail. I would have done anything to get it. You would have done the same.
Indiana Jones: I'm sorry you think so.
Indiana Jones: Why are you trying to kill us?
Kazim: Because you are looking for the Holy Grail!
Indiana Jones: My *father* was looking for the Holy Grail! Did you kill him too?
Kazim: No!
Indiana Jones: Where is he? Talk or you're dead! Dammit tell me! Tell me!
Kazim: If you don't let go Dr. Jones, we'll both die!
Indiana Jones: Then we'll die!
Kazim: My soul is prepared! How's yours?
Butler: Yes?
Indiana Jones: Not before time! did you intend to leave us standing on the doorstep all day? we're drenched
Indiana Jones: Now look, I've gone and caught a sniffle
Butler: Are you expected?
Indiana Jones: Don't take that tone with me my good man! Now buttle off and tell Baron Brunwald that Lord Clarence McDonald and his lovely assistant
Indiana Jones: are here to view the tapestries
Butler: Tapestries?
Indiana Jones: The old man is dense, this is a castle isn't it? there are tapestries
Butler: This is a castle and we have many tapestries, and if you are a Scottish lord then I am Mickey Mouse!
Indiana Jones: How dare he?
Professor Henry Jones: I thought I'd lost you boy.
Indiana Jones: I thought you had too Sir.
Professor Henry Jones: Well... well done. Come on.
Professor Henry Jones: Why are you sitting there resting when we're so near the end?
Principal SS Officer at Castle: Dr. Jones?
Indiana Jones, Professor Henry Jones: Yes?
Principal SS Officer at Castle: I will take zuh book now.
Indiana Jones, Professor Henry Jones: Wuh-what b-book?
Principal SS Officer at Castle: You have zuh diary in your pocket.
Professor Henry Jones: You dolt! You think my son would be that stupid? That he would bring my diary all the way back here?
Professor Henry Jones: You didn't, did you?
Professor Henry Jones: You didn't bring it, did you?
Indiana Jones: Well, uh...
Professor Henry Jones: You *did*!
Indiana Jones: Look, can we discuss this later?
Professor Henry Jones: I should have mailed it to the Marx Brothers!
Indiana Jones: Will you take it easy?
Professor Henry Jones: Take it easy? Why do you think I sent it home in the first place? So it wouldn't fall into their hands!
Indiana Jones: I came here to SAVE you!
Professor Henry Jones: Oh, yeah? And who's gonna come to save you, JUNIOR?
Indiana Jones: I told you...
Indiana Jones: DON'T call me Junior!
Professor Henry Jones: Look what you did! I can't believe what you did!
Indiana Jones: It was just the two of us, Dad. That was a lonely way to grow up, lonely for both of us. I can remember the last time we had a drink together; I had a milkshake. But we didn't talk; we've never talked. If you'd been an average and regular father, like all of my friends' dads, you would've understood.
Professor Henry Jones: I was a wonderful father.
Indiana Jones: Yeah, how?
Professor Henry Jones: Did I ever tell you to eat up, go to bed, wash your ears, or do your homework? No. I respected your privacy, and I taught you self-reliance.
Indiana Jones: What you taught me is that I was less important to you than people who've been dead for 500 years in another country. And I learned it so well, that we've hardly spoken for 20 years.
Professor Henry Jones: You left just as you were becoming interesting.
Professor Henry Jones: Okay, I'm here now. So what do you want to talk about?
Indiana Jones: I... I can't think of... anything.
Professor Henry Jones: Then what are you complaining about? We have work to do.
Professor Henry Jones: Now then... he who finds the Holy Grail must face three challenges. First, is the Path of God: Only the penitent man shall pass. Second, is the Word of God: Only in the footsteps of God, shall he proceed. Third, is the Breath of God: Only in a leap from the lion's head, shall he prove his worth.
Professor Henry Jones: Late 14th Ming Dynasty. Oh it breaks the heart.
Indiana Jones: And the head. You hit me dad.
Professor Henry Jones: I'll never forgive myself.
Indiana Jones: Don't worry I'm all right.
Professor Henry Jones: Thank God... it's fake. See you can tell with the cross sections.
Grail Knight: But choose wisely, for while the true Grail will bring you life, the false Grail will take it from you.
Sallah: That car was my brother-in-law's.
Professor Henry Jones: And in this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second.
Panama Hat: Small world, Dr. Jones.
Indiana Jones: Too small for two of us.
Panama Hat: This is the second time I've had to reclaim my property from you.
Indiana Jones: That belongs in a museum.
Panama Hat: So do you.
Indiana Jones: ... THAT'S the cup of a carpenter.
Indiana Jones: You have chosen... wisely. But, beware: the Grail cannot pass beyond the Great Seal. That is the boundry, and the price, of immortality.
Elsa: You came back for the book? Why?
Indiana Jones: My father didn't want it incinerated.
Elsa: Is that what you think of me? I believe in the Grail, not the Swastika!
Indiana Jones: You stood up to be counted with the enemies of everything the Grail stands for! Who gives a *damn* what you believe?
Elsa: You do!
Indiana Jones: Come on, Dad! Come on!
Professor Henry Jones: What about the boat? We're not going on the boat?
Indiana Jones: All I have to do is squeeze.
Elsa: All I have to do is scream.
Sallah: Compensation for my brother-in-law's car!
Professor Henry Jones: I find, that if I just sit down to think...
Indiana Jones: Daaaaad!
Professor Henry Jones: The solution presents itself!
Marcus Brody: Indy, Henry, follow me. I know the way. Ha!
Professor Henry Jones: Got lost in his own museum, eh?
Indiana Jones: Uh-huh.
Professor Henry Jones: After you, Junior.
Indiana Jones: Yes, sir. Ha!
Walter Donovan: You could go down in history.
Indiana Jones: As what? A Nazi stooge like you?
Walter Donovan: The Nazis? Is that the limit of your vision? The Nazis want to write themselves into the Grail legend, take on the world. Well, they're welcome to it. But I want the Grail itself, the cup that gives everlasting life. Hitler can have the world, but he can't take it with him. I'm going to be drinking my own health after he's gone the way of the dodo.
Indiana Jones: Dad, you're going to have to use the machine gun. Get it ready!
Indiana Jones: 11 o'clock! Dad, 11 o'clock!
Professor Henry Jones: What happens at 11 o'clock?
Indiana Jones: Fraulein, will you permit me?
Elsa: I usually don't.
Indiana Jones: I usually don't either.
Elsa: In that case I permit you.
Indiana Jones: It would make me very happy.
Elsa: But I am already sad, by tomorrow it will have faded.
Indiana Jones: Tomorrow I'll steal you another one.
Elsa: Dr. Jones?
Indiana Jones: Yes?
Elsa: I knew it was you, you have your father's eyes.
Indiana Jones: And my mother's ears but the rest belongs to you.
Elsa: It looks like the best parts have already been spoken for.
Indiana Jones: ...who drinks the water I shall give him, says the Lord, will have a spring inside him welling up for eternal life. Let them bring me to your holy mountain in the place where you dwell. Across the desert and through the mountain to the Canyon of the Crescent Moon, to the Temple where the cup that - where the cup that holds the blood of Jesus Christ resides forever.
Marcus Brody: The search for the Grail is the search for the divine in all of us. But if you want facts, Indy, I've none to give you. At my age, I'm prepared to take a few things on faith.
Marcus Brody: My reputation preceeds me.
Sallah: There is no museum in Iskenderun.
German Guide: Papers, please.
Sallah: Papers? Of course
Sallah: Run.
Marcus Brody: Yes.
Sallah: Papers. Got it here. Just finished reading it myself.
Sallah: Run.
Marcus Brody: Yes.
Sallah: "Egyptian Mail," morning edition.
Sallah: Run.
Marcus Brody: Did you say, uh...
Sallah: RUN!
Indiana Jones: Are you crazy? Don't go between them!
Elsa: Go between them! Are you crazy?
Elsa: My room.
Indiana Jones: Mine too.
Elsa: What were they looking for?
Indiana Jones: This.
Elsa: The Grail Diary?
Indiana Jones: Uh huh.
Elsa: You had it? You didn't trust me?
Indiana Jones: I didn't know you. At least I let you tag along.
Elsa: Oh yes, Give them a flower and they'll follow you anywhere.
Indiana Jones: Knock it off, you're not mad.
Elsa: No?
Indiana Jones: No, you like the way I do things.
Elsa: You're lucky I don't do things the same way. You'd still be standing at the Venice Pier.
Indiana Jones: What do you think is going on here? Since I've met you I've nearly been incinerated, drowned, shot at and chopped into fish bait. We're caught in the middle of something sinister here. My guess is dad found out more than he was looking for and until I am sure I am going to continue to do things the way I think they should be done.
Elsa: How dare you kiss me.
Indiana Jones: Leave me alone, I don't like fast women.
Elsa: And I hate arrogant men.
Indiana Jones: Ahh, Venice.
Indiana Jones: 12 pound gun.
Professor Henry Jones: What are you doing? Get down.
Indiana Jones: Dad, we're well out of range.
Kazim: Ask yourself, why do you seek the Cup of Christ? Is it for His glory, or for yours?
Marcus Brody: Henry... the pen.
Professor Henry Jones: What?
Marcus Brody: Don't you see? The *pen* is mightier than the sword!
Professor Henry Jones: You call this archaeology?
Professor Henry Jones: You say this has been just another typical day for you, huh?
Indiana Jones: NO! But better than most.
Walter Donovan: As you can now see, Dr. Jones, we are on the verge of completing a quest that began almost two thousand years ago. We're just one step away.
Indiana Jones: That's usually when the ground falls out from underneath your feet.
Professor Henry Jones: I misjudged you, Walter. I knew you would sell your mother for an Etruscan vase. But I didn't know you would sell out your country and your soul... to the slime of humanity.
Indiana Jones: Professor Henry Jones: Junior!
Indiana Jones: Yes, sir!
Professor Henry Jones: It IS you, Junior!
Indiana Jones: Don't call me that, please!
Indiana Jones: Listen. Since I've met you I've nearly been incinerated, drowned, shot at, and chopped into fish bait. We're caught in the middle of something sinister here, my guess is dad found out more than he was looking for and until I'm sure, I'm going to continue to do things the way I think they should be done.
Walter Donovan: Find the man and you'll find the Grail.
Indiana Jones: You've got the wrong Jones, Mr. Donovan. Why don't you try my father?
Walter Donovan: We already have. Your father is the man who has disappeared.
Indiana Jones: Petroleum... I should stick a well down here and retire.
Walter Donovan: The Grail is mine. And you're going to get it for me.
Indiana Jones: Shooting me won't get you anywhere.
Walter Donovan: You know something, Dr. Jones? You're absolutely right.
Indiana Jones: Well, we made it!
Professor Henry Jones: When we are airborne, with Germany behind us, *then* I will share that sentiment!
Fedora: You got heart, kid, but that belongs to me
Young Indy: It belongs to Coronado!
Fedora: Coronado's dead, and so are all of his grandchildren!
Young Indy: This should be in a museum!
Indiana Jones: Elsa...
Indiana Jones: Elsa. Don't Elsa. Elsa. Give me your other hand honey, I can't hold you!
Elsa: I can reach it... I can reach it...
Indiana Jones: Elsa. Give me your hand, give me your other hand!
Indiana Jones: Elsa!
Indiana Jones: Bingo!
Elsa: You don't disappoint, Dr. Jones. You're a great deal like your father.
Indiana Jones: Except he's lost and I'm not.
Indiana Jones: We've got to get to Marcus before the Nazis do.
Professor Henry Jones: You said he had two days' start. That he would blend in, disappear.
Indiana Jones: Are you kidding? I made that up. You know Marcus. He got lost once in his own museum. Dad, can you reach into my left jacket pocket?
Professor Henry Jones: What will I find?
Indiana Jones: A lucky charm.
Professor Henry Jones: Feels like a cigarette lighter.
Indiana Jones: Use it to burn the ropes.
Professor Henry Jones: Son, there's something I have to tell you.
Indiana Jones: Don't get sentimental now, Dad, save until we get out.
Professor Henry Jones: The floor is in fire, and the chair.
Professor Henry Jones: Junior?
Indiana Jones: Yes, sir.
Professor Henry Jones: It *is* you, Junior.
Indiana Jones: Don't call me that. *Please*.
Indiana Jones: Ahh, Venice.
Walter Donovan: Colonel. Jones is getting away.
Colonel Vogel: I think not, Herr Donovan.
Walter Donovan: Not THAT Jones, the OTHER Jones.
Indiana Jones: Oh, rats!
Professor Henry Jones: If only I could have been there with you.
Indiana Jones: There were rats, Dad.
Professor Henry Jones: Rats?
Elsa: The last time I saw your father we were in the library. He was very close to tracking down the Knight's tomb. I've never seen him so excited. He was as giddy as a schoolboy.
Indiana Jones: Who, Atilla The Professor? He was never giddy, even when he was a schoolboy.
Indiana Jones: She ransacked her own room, and I fell for it!
Professor Henry Jones: This is intolerable!
Elsa: We have got it, come on!
Indiana Jones: Elsa. Elsa don't move.
Elsa: It's ours Indy, yours and mine.
Indiana Jones: Elsa don't cross the seal. The knight warned us not to take the grail from here!
Young Indy's friend: What are you gonna do?
Young Indy: I dont know, but I'll think of something!
Professor Henry Jones: Stop, wait, stop! Stop! You're going the wrong way. We have to get to Berlin.
Indiana Jones: Brody's this way.
Professor Henry Jones: My diary's in Berlin.
Indiana Jones: We don't need the diary, Dad. Marcus has the map.
Professor Henry Jones: There is more in the diary than just the map.
Indiana Jones: All right, Dad. Tell me.
Professor Henry Jones: Well, he who finds the Grail must face the final challenge.
Indiana Jones: What final challenge?
Professor Henry Jones: Three devices of such lethal cunning.
Indiana Jones: Booby traps?
Professor Henry Jones: Oh, yes. But I found the clues that will safely take us through them in the Chronicles of St. Anselm.
Indiana Jones: Well, what are they?
Indiana Jones: Can't you remember?
Professor Henry Jones: I wrote them down in my diary so that I wouldn't have to remember.
Indiana Jones: Half the German Army's on our tail and you want me to go to Berlin? Into the lion's den?
Professor Henry Jones: Yes! The only thing that matters is the Grail.
Indiana Jones: What about Marcus?
Professor Henry Jones: Marcus would agree with me!
Indiana Jones: Two selfless martyrs. Jesus Christ.
Indiana Jones: Professor Henry Jones: That's for blasphemy! The quest for the Grail is not archaeology; it's a race against evil! If it is captured by the Nazis, the armies of darkness will march all over the face of the Earth! Do you understand me?
Indiana Jones: This is an obsession, Dad! I never understood it! Never! Neither did mom.
Professor Henry Jones: Oh, yes, she did. Only too well. Unfortunately, she kept her illness from me until all I could do was mourn her.
Professor Henry Jones: Nice landing.
Indiana Jones: Thank you.
Walter Donovan: This is indeed the cup of the King of Kings.
Walter Donovan: What's happening to me?
Grail Knight: He chose... poorly.
Female Officer at Castle: ALARM!
Colonel Vogel: Where is Jones?
Walter Donovan: Germany has declared war on the Jones boys.
Walter Donovan: Well, Marcus, we're on the verge of the greatest discovery in the history of mankind.
Marcus Brody: And you're meddling with powers you can't possibly comprehend.
Professor Henry Jones: Well, I didn't trust her. Why did you?
Walter Donovan: Because he didn't take my advice. Didn't I tell you not to trust anyone, Dr. Jones?
Marcus Brody: No thank you ma'am, I'm a vegetarian.
Marcus Brody: Does anyone understand a word I'm saying here?
Walter Donovan: Care to wet your whistle Marcus?
Marcus Brody: I'd rather spit in your face. But as I haven't got any spit...
Scout Master: Dismount!
Marcus Brody: How does one get off this thing?
Fedora: Dig with your hands, not with your mouth.
Walter Donovan: I trust your trip down was comfortable, Dr Jones. My men didn't alarm you, I hope.
Walter Donovan: Enjoy this Mr. Brody. You're about to witness the best discoveries in the history of mankind.
Marcus Brody: You're meddling with powers you can't possibly comprehend.
Young Indy: Dad...!
Professor Henry Jones: Out.
Young Indy: I have to show you something!
Professor Henry Jones: It can wait. Count to twenty.
Young Indy: No, Dad, I-!
Professor Henry Jones: Junior!
Young Indy: One, two, three, f...
Professor Henry Jones: In Greek.
Young Indy: Ana, theo, thea...
Grail Knight: I knew you'd come. But my strength has left me.
Indiana Jones: Who are you?
Grail Knight: The last of three brothers who swore an oath to find the grail and to guard it.
Indiana Jones: That was seven hundred years ago.
Grail Knight: Long time to wait. You're strangely dressed for a knight.
Indiana Jones: What exactly? A knight? What do you mean?
Grail Knight: I was chosen because I was the bravest, the most worthy. The honor was mine until another came to challenge me to single combat...
Grail Knight: I pass to you who'll vanquish me.
Indiana Jones: It's dad's Grail diary. Every clue he followed. Every discovery he made. A complete record of his search for the Holy Grail. This is his whole life. Why would he have sent this to me?
Marcus Brody: I don't know, but someone must want it pretty badly.
Elsa: I left your father working in the library. He sent me to the map section to fetch an ancient plan of the city. When I got back to his table, he'd gone, with all his papers, except for that scrap, which I found near his chair.
Indiana Jones: Roman numerals.
Elsa: Here is the library.
Indiana Jones: That doesn't look much like a library.
Marcus Brody: Looks like a converted church.
Elsa: In this case, it's the literal truth. We are on holy ground. These columns over here were brought back as spoils of war after the sacking of Byzantium during the Crusades.
Indiana Jones: Marcus, I've seen this window before.
Marcus Brody: Where?
Indiana Jones: Right here, in dad's diary.
Indiana Jones: You see?
Marcus Brody: Look, Indy. The Roman numerals.
Indiana Jones: Dad was on to something here.
Marcus Brody: Well, now we know the source of the numbers, but we still don't know what they mean.
Indiana Jones: Dad sent me this diary for a reason. Until we find out why, I suggest we keep it to ourselves.
Indiana Jones: I said go around!
Elsa: You said go between them!
Indiana Jones: I said "don't go between them"!
Indiana Jones: All right, where's my father?
Kazim: If you let me go, I will tell you where he is.
Indiana Jones: Who are you?
Kazim: My name is Kazim.
Indiana Jones: And why were you trying to kill me?
Kazim: The secret of the Grail has been safe for a thousand years, and for all that time...
Kazim: ...the Brotherhood of the Cruciform Sword have been prepared to do anything to keep it safe.
Indiana Jones: The knights of the First Crusade laid siege to the city of Alexandretta for over a year. The entire city was destroyed. The present city of Iskenderun is built on its ruins. Marcus, you remember what the Grail tablet said, "Across the desert and through the mountain to the Canyon of the Crescent Moon." But where exactly?
Marcus Brody: Your father would know.
Marcus Brody: Your father did know. Look. He made a map.
Marcus Brody: He must have pieced it together from clues scattered the whole history of the Grail quest. A map with no names. Now, he knew there was a city with an oasis due east, here. He knew the course turned south through the desert to a river, and the river led into the mountains, here. Straight to the canyon. He knew everything except where to begin, the name of the city.
Indiana Jones: Alexandretta. Now we know.
Marcus Brody: Yes. Now we know.
Indiana Jones: Marcus, get hold of Sallah. Tell him to meet you in Iskenderun.
Marcus Brody: What about you?
Indiana Jones: I'm going after dad.
Indiana Jones: This one. I think he's in here.
Elsa: How do you know?
Indiana Jones: Because it's wired.
Colonel Vogel: Dr. Schneider, message from Berlin. You must return immediately. A rally at the Institute of Aryan Culture.
Elsa: So?
Colonel Vogel: Your presence on the platform is requested at the highest level.
Elsa: Thank you, Herr Oberst. I will meet you at Inskenderun.
Walter Donovan: Take this diary to the Reichsmuseum in Berlin. It will show them our progress, ahead of schedule. Without the map, I'm afraid it's no better than a souvenir.
Walter Donovan: You can't save him when you're dead. The healing power of the Grail is the only thing that can save your father now. It's time ask yourself what you believe.
Indiana Jones: It's a leap of faith.
Professor Henry Jones: Now, who are all these people?
Indiana Jones: Who cares? As long as they're keeping Donovan busy. Dad, you stay here while Sallah and I organize some transportation.
Indiana Jones: She ransacked her own room and I fell for it. How did you know she was a Nazi?
Professor Henry Jones: Hmm?
Indiana Jones: How did you know she was a Nazi?
Professor Henry Jones: She talks in her sleep.
Professor Henry Jones: I didn't trust her, why did you?     