
Jessica Rabbit: You don't know how hard it is being a woman looking the way I do.
Eddie Valiant: You don't know how hard it is being a man looking at a woman looking the way you do.
Jessica Rabbit: I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way.
Eddie Valiant: Hey, Judge. Doesn't a dying rabbit deserve a last request?
Roger Rabbit: Yeah, nose plugs would be nice.
Eddie Valiant: I think you want a drink. So, how about it, Judge?
Judge Doom: Well, why not? I don't mind prolonging the execution.
Eddie Valiant: Happy trails.
Roger Rabbit: No thanks, Eddie. I'm trying to cut down.
Eddie Valiant: Drink the drink.
Roger Rabbit: But I don't want the drink.
Judge Doom: He doesn't want the drink.
Eddie Valiant: He does.
Roger Rabbit: I don't.
Eddie Valiant: You do.
Roger Rabbit: I don't.
Eddie Valiant: You do.
Roger Rabbit: I don't.
Eddie Valiant: You do.
Roger Rabbit: I don't.
Eddie Valiant: You don't.
Roger Rabbit: I do.
Eddie Valiant: You don't.
Roger Rabbit: I do.
Eddie Valiant: You don't.
Roger Rabbit: Listen, when I say I do, that means I do.
Eddie Valiant: You crazy rabbit! I'm out there risking my neck for you, and what are you doing? Singing and dancing!
Roger Rabbit: But I'm a toon. Toons are supposed to make people laugh.
Eddie Valiant: Sit down!
Roger Rabbit: You don't understand. Those people needed to laugh.
Eddie Valiant: Then when they're done laughing, they'll call the cops. That guy Angelo would rat on you for a nickel.
Roger Rabbit: Not Angelo. He'd never turn me in.
Eddie Valiant: Why? Because you made him laugh?
Roger Rabbit: That's right! A laugh can be a very powerful thing. Why, sometimes in life, it's the only weapon we have.
Roger Rabbit: Yeah. Check the probate. Why, my Uncle Thumper had a problem with HIS probate, and he had to take these big pills, and drink lots of water.
Eddie Valiant: Not prostate, you idiot, PROBATE!
Roger Rabbit: Okay, nobody move! All right, you weasels, grab some sky or I let the judge have it. You heard me, I said drop it!
Jessica Rabbit: Roger, darling!
Roger Rabbit: That's right, my dear. I'd love to embrace you, but first, I have to satisfy my sense of moral outrage.
Judge Doom: Put that gun down, you buck-toothed fool!
Roger Rabbit: That's it, Doom. Give me another excuse to pump you full of lead. So you thought you could get away with it, didn't you? Ha! We toons may act idiotic, but we're not stupid. We demand justice. Why, the real meaning of the word probably hits you like a ton of bricks.
Jessica Rabbit: Roger! Roger, say something!
Roger Rabbit: Look, stars! Ready when you are, Raoul.
Eddie Valiant: Holy smoke, he's a Toon!
Judge Doom: Surprised?
Eddie Valiant: Not really. That lame-brained freeway idea could only be cooked up by a Toon.
Judge Doom: Not just ANY Toon...
Judge Doom: Remember me, Eddie? When I killed your brother, I talked... just... like... THIS!
Dolores: Is that a rabbit in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Mrs. Herman: Mommy's going to the beauty parlor, darling, but I'm leaving you with your favorite friend, Roger. He's going to take very, very good care of you, because if he doesn't... HE'S GOING BACK TO THE SCIENCE LAB.
Mickey Mouse: Gosh, I wonder who he really was?
Bugs Bunny: I'll tell you one thing, Doc. He weren't no rabbit.
Daffy Duck: Or a duck.
Goofy: Or a dog.
Pinocchio: Or a little wooden boy.
Big Bad Wolf: Or a... sheep.
Woody Woodpecker: Or a woodpecker.
Sylvester: Or a pussy.
Roger Rabbit: What could have possibly happen to you to turn you into such a sourpuss?
Eddie Valiant: You really want to know? I'll tell you. A toon killed my brother.
Roger Rabbit: A toon? No!
Eddie Valiant: Yes, a toon. We were investigating a robbery at the First National Bank of Toontown. Back in those days, me and Teddy liked working Toontown, thought it was a lot of laughs. Anyway, this guy got away with a zillion simoleons. We trailed him to a little dive down on Yukster Street. We went in. Only he got the drop on us, literally. Dropped a piano on us from fifteen stories. Broke my arm, Teddy never made it. I never did find out who that guy was. All I remember was him standing over me laughing, with those burning red eyes, and that high, squeaky voice. He disappeared into Toontown after that.
Eddie Valiant: She's married to Roger Rabbit?
Betty Boop: Yeah. What a lucky girl.
Eddie Valiant: Anybody know you're here?
Roger Rabbit: Nobody. Not a soul, except, uh...
Eddie Valiant: Who?
Roger Rabbit: Well, you see, I didn't know where your office was. So I asked the newsboy. He didn't know. So I asked the fireman, the green grocerer, the butcher, the baker, they didn't know! But the liquor store guy... he knew.
Eddie Valiant: In other words, the whole damn town knows you're here! Get out!
Eddie Valiant: I'm through with taking falls / And bouncing off the walls / Without that gun, I'd have some fun / I'd kick you in the...
Roger Rabbit: Nose!
Smart Ass: Nose? That don't rhyme with "walls."
Eddie Valiant: No, but this does.
Bugs Bunny: Eh, what's up, Doc? Jumpin' without a parachute? Kinda dangerous, ain't it?
Eddie Valiant: Yeah.
Mickey Mouse: Yeah. You could get killed. Heh, heh.
Eddie Valiant: You guys got a spare?
Mickey Mouse: Uh, Bugs does.
Eddie Valiant: Yeah?
Bugs Bunny: Yeah, but I don't think you want it.
Eddie Valiant: I do, I do, give it to me!
Mickey Mouse: Gee, uh, better let him have it, Bugs.
Bugs Bunny: Okay, Doc. Whatever you say, here's the spare.
Eddie Valiant: Thank you.
Eddie Valiant: Thank you.
Eddie Valiant: Aw, no! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!
Mickey Mouse: Aw, poor fella. Ha ha.
Bugs Bunny: Yeah, ain't I a stinker?
Lena Hyena: My man!
Lena Hyena: Come to Lena!
Eddie Valiant: Toons. Gets 'em every time.
Roger Rabbit: Jumpin' Jeepers.
Benny the Cab: Hey Roger, what do you call the middle of a song?
Roger Rabbit: Gee, I don't know
Roger Rabbit: A BRIDGE!
Jessica Rabbit: C'mon Roger, let's go home. I'll bake you a carrot cake.
Roger Rabbit: P-p-please, Eddie! Don't throw me out. Don't you realize you're making a big mistake? I didn't kill anybody. I swear! The whole thing's a set up. A scam, a frame job. Ow! Eddie, I could never hurt anybody. Oow! My whole purpose in life is to make... people... laugh!
Eddie Valiant: You mean you could've taken your hand out of that cuff at any time?
Roger Rabbit: No, not at any time, only when it was funny.
Judge Doom: Can you guess what this is?
Jessica Rabbit: Oh my God, it's DIP!
Judge Doom: That's right, my dear! Enough to dip Toon Town off the face of the earth!
Judge Doom: Vehicle of my own design; 5,000 gallons of heated dip, pumped at enormous velocity through a pressurized water cannon. Toon Town will be erased in a matter of minutes.
Eddie Valiant: Seriously, what do you see in that guy?
Jessica Rabbit: He makes me laugh.
Judge Doom: Shave, and a haircut...
Roger Rabbit: TWO BITS!
Dolores: Is he always this funny, or only on days when he's wanted for murder?
Judge Doom: A few weeks ago I had the good providence to stumble upon a plan of the city council. A construction plan of epic proportions. We're calling it a freeway.
Eddie Valiant: Freeway? What the hell's a freeway?
Judge Doom: Eight lanes of shimmering cement running from here to Pasadena. Smooth, safe, fast. Traffic jams will be a thing of the past.
Porky Pig: All right. M-m-m-ove along now. Th-th-there's nothing left to see here. That's all folks. Mmm, I like the sound of that.
Porky Pig: Porky Pig: Th-th-th-that's all, folks!
Angelo: Hey, I seen a rabbit.
Eddie Valiant: Ya see?
Judge Doom: Where?
Angelo: He's right here in the bar.
Angelo: Say hello... Harvey.
Roger Rabbit: I told you so.
R.K. Maroon: How much do you know about show business, Mr. Valiant?
Eddie Valiant: Only that there is no business like it, no business I know.
R.K. Maroon: Yeah. And there's no business more expensive. I'm 25 grand over budget on the latest Baby Herman cartoon. You've seen the rabbit blowing his lines. He can't keep his mind on his job. You know why?
Eddie Valiant: One too many refrigerators dropped on his head?
R.K. Maroon: Nah, he's a toon. You can drop anything you want on his head, he'll shake it off. But break his heart, goes to pieces just like you and me.
Eddie Valiant: What's up, Doc?
R.K. Maroon: Valiant, are you trying to give me a heart attack?
Eddie Valiant: You need a heart, before you can have an attack.
R.K. Maroon: Yeah, yeah. You got the will?
Eddie Valiant: Sure. I got the will. Question is, do you have the way? I can tell you now it ain't gonna come cheap.
Bongo: What do you think you're doing, chump?
Eddie Valiant: Who are you callin' a chump, chimp?
Bongo: GRRRR!
Eddie Valiant: AAAHH-OOF!
Bongo: Don't let me catch your peepin' face around here again. Got it? GRR!
Eddie Valiant: OOGA-BOOGA!
Betty Boop: Work's been kinda slow since cartoons went to color. But I've still got it. Boo boo be do, boo.
Eddie Valiant: Dolores, you need to find yourself a good man.
Dolores: But I already have a good man.
Roger Rabbit: P-p-please, don't mind me.
Eddie Valiant: A ladies' man, eh?
Baby Herman: The problem is I got a fifty year old lust and a three year old dinky.
Eddie Valiant: Yeah. Must be tough.
Baby Herman: Look, Valiant, the rabbit didn't kill Acme. He's not a murderer, I should know, he's a dear friend of mine. I tell ya Valiant, the whole thing stinks like yesterday's diapers. Look at this. The papers said Acme left no will.
Baby Herman: That's a load of succotash. Any toon knows Acme had a will. He promised to leave Toontown to us toons. That will is the real reason he got bumped off.
Eddie Valiant: Has anybody ever seen this will?
Baby Herman: Ah, no. But he gave us his solemn oath.
Eddie Valiant: If you think that guy could do anything solemn, the gag's on you, pal.
Baby Herman: I just thought that since you were the one who got my pal in trouble, you might wanna help get him out. I can pay ya.
Eddie Valiant: Save your money for a pair of elevator shoes!
Baby Herman: Hey hey hay, Valiant, wait!
Baby Herman: My stogie!
Baby Herman: WAAAAAAAA-HAHAHAHAAAAAA! WAAAAAAAAAAAAH! WAAAAAA...
Jessica Rabbit: Roger, darling. I want you to know I love you. I've loved you more than any woman's ever loved a rabbit.
Eddie Valiant: So that's why you killed Acme and Maroon? For this freeway? I don't get it.
Judge Doom: Of course not. You lack vision, but I see a place where people get on and off the freeway. On and off, off and on all day, all night. Soon, where Toon Town once stood will be a string of gas stations, inexpensive motels, restaurants that serve rapidly prepared food. Tire salons, automobile dealerships and wonderful, wonderful billboards reaching as far as the eye can see. My God, it'll be beautiful.
Angelo: So who's your client, Mr. Detective-to-the-Stars? Chilly Willy? Or Screwy Squirrel?
Dolores: What'll it be?
Angelo: I'll have a beer, doll. So what happened, huh? Somebody kidnapped Dinky Doodle?
Dolores: Cut it out, Angelo.
Angelo: No, wait a minute, wait a minute, I've got it. You're working for Little Bo Peep. She's lost her sheep, and you're gonna help her find them, huh?
Eddie Valiant: Get this straight, meatball. I... don't... work... for toons.
Angelo: So, what's his problem?
Dolores: A toon killed his brother
Angelo: What?
Dolores: Dropped a piano on his head.
Raoul J. Raoul: Cut! Cut, cut, cut, cut, CUT!
Baby Herman: What the hell was wrong with THAT take?
Raoul J. Raoul: Nothing with you, Baby Herman. You were great. You were perfect. You were BETTER than perfect! It's Roger, he keeps BLOWING HIS LINES! Roger, what is this?
Roger Rabbit: A tweeting bird.
Raoul J. Raoul: "A tweeting bird." Roger, read this script. Look what it says. It says, "Rabbit gets klunked, rabbit sees STARS." Not birds, STARS!
Betty Boop: Cigars? Cigarettes?... Eddie Valiant!
Eddie Valiant: Betty!
Betty Boop: Long time, no see!
Eddie Valiant: What are you doing here?
Betty Boop: Work's been kinda slow since cartoons went to color. But I still got it, Eddie! "Boop-boop-be-doop-*boop*!"
Eddie Valiant: Yeah. You still got it.
Roger Rabbit: Jeepers, Eddie. That was swell. You saved my life. How can I ever repay ya?
Eddie Valiant: For starters, don't ever kiss me again.
Roger Rabbit: Say, Eddie. That sure was a funny dance you did for the weasels. Do you think your days of being a sourpuss are over?
Eddie Valiant: Only time will tell.
Roger Rabbit: Yeah, well... put 'er there, pal.
Roger Rabbit: Don't tell me you lost your sense of humor already?
Eddie Valiant: Does this answer your question?
Eddie Valiant: Say, Roger. That letter you wrote to your wife at the Ink and Paint Club? Why don't you read it to her now?
Roger Rabbit: Sure thing, Eddie. "Dear Jessica: How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I, Marvin Acme, of sound mind and body...? It's the will!
Eddie Valiant: Keep reading.
Roger Rabbit: "... do hereby bequeath, in perpetuity, the property known as Toontown, to those lovable characters, the toons"!
Jessica Rabbit: Valiant.
Eddie Valiant: I always knew I'd get it in Toontown.
Jessica Rabbit: Behind you!
Eddie Valiant: Drop it, lady!
Jessica Rabbit: I just saved your life, and you still don't trust me?
Eddie Valiant: I don't trust anybody or anything!
Jessica Rabbit: Not even your own eyes?
Jessica Rabbit: That's the gun that killed R.K. Maroon, and Doom pulled the trigger.
Eddie Valiant: Doom?
Jessica Rabbit: I tracked him to the studio, but I was too late to stop him.
Judge Doom: That's right! You'll never stop me! You're dead! You're both dead!
Eddie Valiant: Doom!
Bullet #3: Which way did he go?
Bullet #2: I don't know. He went thataway.
Bullet #3: Let's go.
Eddie Valiant: Dum-dums.
Benny the Cab: Pull the lever!
Eddie Valiant: Which one?
Roger Rabbit: Which one?
Benny the Cab: "Which one?"
Roger Rabbit: No wonder you hate me. If a toon killed my brother, I'd hate me too.
Eddie Valiant: Come on, don't cry. I don't hate you.
Roger Rabbit: Yes, you do.
Eddie Valiant: No, I don't.
Roger Rabbit: You do hate me. Otherwise, you wouldn't have yanked my ears all those times.
Eddie Valiant: Well, I'm... I'm sorry I yanked your ears.
Roger Rabbit: All the times you yanked my ears?
Eddie Valiant: All the times I yanked your ears.
Eddie Valiant: Here's to the pencil pushers. May they all get lead poisoning.
Dolores: I would have been here right after you called, but I had to shake the weasels.
Judge Doom: Is this man removing evidence from the scene of the crime?
Lt. Santino: Ah, no, Judge Doom. Valiant here was just picking it up for you. Weren't you, Eddie?
Judge Doom: Hand it over.
Eddie Valiant: Sure.
Eddie Valiant: Their number one seller.
Judge Doom: I see working for a toon has rubbed off on you.
Eddie Valiant: I wasn't working for a toon. I was working for R.K. Maroon.
Judge Doom: Yes, we talked to Mr. Maroon. He told us the rabbit became quite agitated when you showed him the pictures. The rabbit said one way or another he and his wife were going to be happy. Is that true?
Eddie Valiant: Do I look like a stenographer?
Lt. Santino: Shut your yap, Eddie. The man's a judge.
Judge Doom: That's all right, Lieutenant. From the smell of him, I'd say it was the booze talking.
Eddie Valiant: What's that?
Lt. Santino: Remember how they always thought there wasn't a way to kill a toon? Well, Doom found a way. Turpentine, acetone, benzene. He calls it "The Dip."
Judge Doom: I'll catch the rabbit, Mr. Valiant. And I'll try him, convict him, and execute him.
Eddie Valiant: Geez.
Greasy: That's one dead shoe, eh, boss?
Judge Doom: They're not kid gloves, Mr. Valiant. This is how we handle things down in Toontown. I would think you of all people would appreciate that.
Baby Herman: For crying out loud, Roger, I don't know how many times we have to do this damn scene! Raoul, I'll be in my trailer, taking a nap!
Baby Herman: 'Scuse me, toots.
Eddie Valiant: Nice monkey suit.
Bongo: Wise ass.
Daffy Duck: I've worked with a lot of withe-quackerth, but you are dethpicable
Donald Duck: Doggone stubborn little- That did it! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Daffy Duck: Thith ith the latht time I work with thomeone with a th-peech impediment.
Donald F. Duck: Oh, yeah?
Donald F. Duck: Daffy Duck: Thith meanth war.
Smart Ass: Okay, wise-guy. Where's the rabbit?
Eddie Valiant: Haven't seen 'im.
Smart Ass: What's in there?
Eddie Valiant: My lingerie.
Smart Ass: I see, Valiant.
Tweety: Oh, wook, piddies!
Eddie Valiant: Hi, Tweety.
Tweety: Dis widdle piddy went to market.
Tweety: Dis widdle piddy 'tayed home.
Eddie Valiant: No.
Tweety: Dis widdle piddy had woast beef...
Tweety: And *dis* widdle piddy - had...
Tweety: Uh-oh, wan outta piddies.
Roger Rabbit: P-p-please, Raoul. I can give you stars. Just drop the refrigerator on my head one more time!
Raoul J. Raoul: Roger, I've dropped it on your head 23 times already.
Roger Rabbit: I can take it, don't worry about me.
Raoul J. Raoul: I'm not worried about you, I'm worried about the REFRIGERATOR!
Roger Rabbit: But I can give you stars, Look!
Roger Rabbit: Is there nothing that can permeate that impervious puss?
Bongo: Got the password?
Eddie Valiant: Walt sent me.
Roger Rabbit: Keep it up, Eddie. You're killing 'em. You're slaying 'em! You're knocking 'em DEAD!
Eddie Valiant: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You mean to tell me that in a fit of jealousy you wrote your wife a love letter?
Roger Rabbit: That's right! I knew that she was just an innocent victim of circumstance.
Eddie Valiant: I suppose you used the old lipstick on the mirror routine.
Roger Rabbit: Lipstick, yes. Mirror, no. I found a nice, clean piece of paper.
Roger Rabbit: "Dear Jessica: How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. One one-thousand. Two one-thousand. Three one-thousand. Four one-thousand. Five...?
Roger Rabbit: Boy, did you see that? Nobody takes a wallop like Goofy. What timing! What finesse! What a genius!
Birds: Hi, Eddie... hi, Eddie... hi, Eddie... bye, Eddie!
Roger Rabbit: Listen, my philosophy is this: If you don't have a good sense of humor, you're better off dead.
Eddie Valiant: You might just get your wish if we don't find out what happened to this.
Roger Rabbit: What is it, Eddie?
Eddie Valiant: Just look at it.
Roger Rabbit: Mister Acme's will!
Eddie Valiant: Yeah, and I think Acme took the part of sound mind, and your wife of sound body.
Roger Rabbit: Why, I resent that innuendo!
Judge Doom: What an unfortunate accident. Nothing more treacherous than a slippery road, especially when driving in a maniacal toon vehicle.
Greasy: I'm gonna ram 'em.
Judge Doom: We'll handle Mr. Valiant our own way: downtown.
Eddie Valiant: Downtown? Fine. I'll just get a hold of Santino. I'll be more than happy to go downtown.
Judge Doom: Oh, I'm not talking about *that* downtown. I'm talking about downtown *Toon*town!
Judge Doom: Rummaging around in a lady's dressing room? Tsk, tsk, tsk. What were you looking for, Mr. Valiant?
Jessica Rabbit: Last week, some heavy breather wanted one of my nylons as a souvenir.
Eddie Valiant: Look, doll, if I'd wanted underwear, I'd have broken into Frederick's of Hollywood. You know damn well I was looking for Marvin Acme's will.
Judge Doom: Marvin Acme had no will. I should know; the estate's in my jurisdiction.
Eddie Valiant: Oh, there was a will all right. And she and R.K. Maroon killed him for it.
Jessica Rabbit: That's absurd!
Eddie Valiant: Someone else is in here looking for the will, too. Probably Maroon's flunkies.
Eddie Valiant: I would've caught 'em, too, if Cheetah here hadn't have interrupted me!
Jessica Rabbit: Oh, Roger. You were magnificent.
Roger Rabbit: Was I really?
Jessica Rabbit: Better than Goofy.
Eddie Valiant: What's with him?
Betty Boop: Mr. Acme never misses a night when Jessica performs.
Eddie Valiant: Got a thing for rabbits, huh?
Smart Ass: Search the place, boys, and leave no stone interned.
Eddie Valiant: You think that's funny?
Marvin Acme: It's a panic!
Eddie Valiant: You won't think it's funny when I stick that pen up your nose!
Marvin Acme: Now, calm down, son, will ya? Look, the stain is gone. It's disappearing ink.
Marvin Acme: No hard feelings, I hope. Listen, I'm...
Eddie Valiant: I know who you are. Marvin Acme, The guy that owns Toontown, the Gag King.
Marvin Acme: If it's Acme, it's a gasser. Put 'er there, pal.
Marvin Acme: The hand buzzer. Still our biggest seller.
Judge Doom: You wouldn't have any idea where the rabbit might be, Mr. Valiant?
Eddie Valiant: Have you tried Walla Walla? Cucamonga? I hear Kokomo's very nice this time of the year.
Judge Doom: I'm surprised you're not more cooperative, Mr. Valiant. A human has been murdered by a toon. Don't you appreciate the magnitude of that?
Lt. Santino: Gee whiz, Eddie, if you really needed money so bad, then why didn't you come to me?
Eddie Valiant: So I took a couple of dirty pictures, kill me.
Lt. Santino: I've already got a stiff on my hands, thank you.
Eddie Valiant: Huh?
Lt. Santino: Marvin Acme. The rabbit cacked him last night.
Lt. Santino: Just like a toon to drop a safe on a guy's head.
Roger Rabbit: Benny, is that you?
Benny the Cab: No, it's Eleanor Roosevelt! Get me outta here, Roger!
Roger Rabbit: Benny, is that you?
Benny the Cab: No, it's Shirley Temple!
Benny the Cab: Sister Mary Frances! What the hell happened in here? I've been a cab for thirty-seven years, and I've never seen a mess like this!
Smart Ass: Stop that laughing. You know what happens when you can't stop laughing?
Smart Ass: One of these days, you're gonna die laughing.
Smart Ass: Don't make us play rough, Valiant. We just want the rabbit.
Roger Rabbit: What are we gonna do, Eddie? What are we gonna do, Eddie? What are we gonna do?
Eddie Valiant: What's all this "we" stuff? They just want the rabbit.
R.K. Maroon: Kinda jumpy, aren't you, Mr. Valiant? It's just Dumbo.
Eddie Valiant: I KNOW who it is.
R.K. Maroon: I got him on loan from Disney - him and half the cast of Fantasia. The best part is, they work for peanuts.
Judge Doom: Since I've had Toontown under my jurisdiction my goal has been to reign in the insanity, and the only way to do that is to make Toons respect...
Judge Doom: ... the law.
Roger Rabbit: Hide me Eddie... PLLLEASE.
Roger Rabbit: Remember you never saw me.
Eddie Valiant: GET OUT OF THERE.
Roger Rabbit: Boy, what is this, some kind of secret room?
Dolores: It's a rotgut room, holdover from Prohibition.
Roger Rabbit: Oh, I get it, a speakeasy, a gin mill, a hooch parlor.
Lt. Santino: Judge Doom killed Marvin Acme.
Eddie Valiant: And R.K. Maroon. And my brother.
Lt. Santino: Now that's what I call one seriously disturbed toon.
Dolores: Do you wanna tell me what she was doing with her arms around you?
Eddie Valiant: Probably looking for a good place to stick a knife!
Dolores: Come on, Eddie! I caught you with your pants down!
Droopy Dog: Going up, sir?
Droopy Dog: Mind the step, sir. Hold on, sir.
Droopy Dog: Your floor sir.
Droopy Dog: Droopy Dog: Have a good day, sir.
Benny the Cab: Ah, that's better. I can't believe they locked me up for driving on the sidewalk.
Roger Rabbit: Come on, Eddie, get in!
Benny the Cab: It was only a couple of MILES.
Eddie Valiant: I'll drive.
Roger Rabbit: But I wanna drive.
Benny the Cab: No. I'LL drive, I'M the cab! Outta my way, pencil neck!
Judge Doom: You see, Mr. Valiant, the successful conclusion of this case draws the curtain on my career as a jurist in Toontown. I'm retiring, taking a new role in the private sector.
Eddie Valiant: That wouldn't be Cloverleaf Industries, by any chance?
Judge Doom: You're looking at the sole stockholder.
Dolores: Dabbling in watercolors, Eddie?
Eddie Valiant: Scotch on the rocks... and I MEAN ICE!
Jessica Rabbit: Well, we're not going anywhere in my car. Let's take yours.
Eddie Valiant: I have a feeling someone already did.
Jessica Rabbit: From the looks of it I'd say it was Roger. My honey bunny was never very good behind the wheel.
Eddie Valiant: Better lover than a driver, huh?
Jessica Rabbit: You'd better believe it, buster.
R.K. Maroon: Roger, I know this seems pretty painful now, but you'll find someone new. Won't he, Mr. Valiant?
Eddie Valiant: Good looking guy like that? Dames will be breaking his doors down.
Roger Rabbit: Dames? What dames?
Roger Rabbit: Jessica's the only one for me. You'll see. We'll rise above this piddling pecadillo. We're gonna be happy again. You got that? Happy. Capital H-A-P-P-I.
Eddie Valiant: At least he took it well.
Eddie Valiant: Where's the other fifty?
R.K. Maroon: Let's call the other fifty a carrot to finish the job.
Eddie Valiant: You've been hanging around rabbits too long.
Dolores: Tomorrow's Friday, Eddie. You know what happens here on Friday?
Eddie Valiant: Fish special?
Dolores: Well, my boss checks the books on Friday. And if I don't have that money I gave you back in the till, I'm gonna lose my job.
Eddie Valiant: Don't bust a button, Dolores.
Eddie Valiant: You've only got one left.
R.K. Maroon: What are you gonna do to me, Valiant?
Eddie Valiant: I'm gonna listen to you spin the Cloverleaf scenario. The story of greed, sex and murder. And the parts that I don't like, I'm gonna edit out.
R.K. Maroon: You got it all wrong, Valiant. I'm a cartoon maker, not a murderer.
Eddie Valiant: Everybody's gotta have a hobby.
Smart Ass: Look, Valiant, we got a reliable tip-off. The rabbit was here. It was corrugated by several others. So cut the "bull-shtick"!
Eddie Valiant: You keep talkin' like that, and I'm gonna have to wash your mouth out!
Eddie Valiant: This singing ain't my line / It's hard to make a rhyme / If I get stuck, I'm... I'm out of luck, and... and...
Jessica Rabbit: I'm running out of time!
Eddie Valiant: Thanks.
Roger Rabbit: Benny, you go to the cops. I'm gonna save my wife.
Benny the Cab: Be careful with that gun. This ain't no cartoon, you know.
Roger Rabbit: Wouldn't you know? Locked!
Smart Ass: Say, Judge. You want we should disresemble the place?
Judge Doom: No, Sergeant. Disassembling the place won't be necessary. The rabbit is going to come right to me.
Judge Doom: No toon can resist the old Shave-and-a-Haircut trick.
Eddie Valiant: I'm glad Teddy isn't here to see me running with my tail between my legs.
Roger Rabbit: It's not so bad, once you get used to it.
Eddie Valiant: Weren't you the one I caught playing pattycake with old man Acme?
Jessica Rabbit: You didn't catch me, Mr. Valiant. You were set up to take those pictures.
Eddie Valiant: What are you talking about?
Jessica Rabbit: Maroon wanted to blackmail Acme. I didn't want to have anything to do with it, but he said that if I didn't pose for those pattycake pictures, Roger would never work in this town again. I couldn't let that happen. I'd do anything for my husband, Mr. Valiant. Anything.
Eddie Valiant: What a wife.
Eddie Valiant: Forget it. I don't work Toontown.
R.K. Maroon: What's wrong with Toontown? Every Joe loves Toontown.
Eddie Valiant: Then get Joe to do the job, 'cause I ain't going.
Roger Rabbit: No! Not my Jessica! Not pattycake! It can't be! It just can't be! Jessica's my wife! It's absolutely impossible! Jessica's the love of my life. The apple of my eye. The cream in my coffee.
Eddie Valiant: Well you better start drinking it black, Acme's taking the cream now.
Roger Rabbit: Woo-hoo-hoo! Nice shirt. Who's your tailor? Quasimodo? Woo-hoo!
Judge Doom: I'm looking for a murderer. A rabbit. A toon rabbit...
Judge Doom: - about YEEEEAAAA... big.
Dolores: Well look, there's no Rabbit here. So don't come in here harrassing my customers.
Judge Doom: I didn't come here to harrass. I came here to reward.
Smart Ass: Hey Judge, what should we do with the wallflower?
Judge Doom: We'll settle with him later. Right now, I feel like dispensing some justice. Bring me some dip.
Judge Doom: "Merry-Go-Round Broke Down". What a looney selection for a group of drunken reprobates.
Judge Doom: HE'S HERE!
Judge Doom: Stop that laughing!
Judge Doom: Have you forgotten what happened last time? If you don't stop that laughing, you're going to end up dead just like your idiot hyena cousins!
Eddie Valiant: So why come to me? I'm the one who took the pictures of your wife.
Roger Rabbit: Yeah, and you're also the one who helped all these toons. Everyone knows that when a toon's in trouble, there's only one place to go: Valiant & Valiant.
Eddie Valiant: Not anymore.
Eddie Valiant: I don't know who's toonier, you or Doom.
R.K. Maroon: Let me see that will.
Eddie Valiant: I told you, I got it.
R.K. Maroon: I wanna see it now!
R.K. Maroon: "How do I love thee, let me count the ways"? Is this supposed to be a joke?
Eddie Valiant: No, this is.
Judge Doom: Have they got the will or not?
Smart Ass: Nah, just a stupid love letter.
Judge Doom: No matter. I doubt the will'll show up in the next fifteen minutes, anyway.
Eddie Valiant: What happens in the next fifteen minutes?
Judge Doom: Toontown will be legally mine, lock, stock and barrel.
Jessica Rabbit: Mr. Valiant?
Jessica Rabbit: I hope you're proud of yourself, and those pictures you took.
Eddie Valiant: Can I borrow your camera? Mine's at the shop.
Dolores: Wouldn't be the pawn shop, by any chance?
Eddie Valiant: C'mon, Dolores. You want the other fifty, I need the camera.
Eddie Valiant: Any film in there?
Dolores: Should be. Haven't had that film developed since our trip to Catalina. Sure was a long time ago.
Eddie Valiant: Yeah. that was along time ago. We should do that again some time.
Dolores: Yeah, sure, Eddie.
Yosemite Sam: Yeow! Ow! My biscuits are burnin'! Fire in the hatch! Great horny toads, that smarts!
Roger Rabbit: P-p-please, Eddie. You know there's no justice for toons anymore. If the weasels get their hands on me, I'm as good as dipped.
Eddie Valiant: So, how long have you known it was Doom?
Jessica Rabbit: Before poor Marvin was killed, he confided in me that Judge Doom wanted to get his hands on Toontown, and he wouldn't stop at anything.
Eddie Valiant: So he gave you the will for safe keeping.
Jessica Rabbit: That's what he told me, except when I opened the envelope, there was only a blank piece of paper inside.
Eddie Valiant: Ha! A joker to the end.
Roger Rabbit: My buddy's Eddie V. / A sourpuss, you'll see / But when I'm done, he'll need no gun / 'Cause a joker he will be / C-D-E-F-G-H-I / I... love to raise some Cain / Believe me, it's no strain / It feels so great to smash a plate / And look, 'cause there's no pain!
Roger Rabbit: ...no pain!
Roger Rabbit: ...no pain!
Benny the Cab: And how about those Brooklyn Dodgers? Are they bums or what?
Jessica Rabbit: Oh, Honey Bunny!
Roger Rabbit: Oh, Love Cup.
Jessica Rabbit: Oh, Roger! You were a pillar of strength.
Eddie Valiant: Everything's funny to you, ain't it, needlenose?
Smart Ass: You got a problem with that, Valiant?
Eddie Valiant: No, I just want you to know something about the guy you're gonna dip.
Eddie Valiant: Now Roger is his name / Laughter is his game / C'mon you dope, untie his rope / And watch him go insane.
Jessica Rabbit: He's lost his mind.
Roger Rabbit: I don't think so.
Eddie Valiant: The job will cost you a hundred bucks, plus expenses.
R.K. Maroon: A hundred bucks? That's ridiculous!
Eddie Valiant: So's the job.
Roger Rabbit: I just don't believe it. I won't believe it. I can't believe it. I shan't believe it.
Forensic #1: Didn't you used to be Eddie Valiant? Or did you change your name to Jack Daniels?
Kid #3: Hey, mister. Ain't you got a car?
Eddie Valiant: Who needs a car in L.A.? We have the best public transportation system in the world.
Marvin Acme: Over here, Jessica. I have everything ready. Right here, on the bed.
Jessica Rabbit: Oh, not now, Marvin. I have a headache.
Marvin Acme: But Jessica, you promised.
Jessica Rabbit: Oh, all right. But this time, take off that hand buzzer.
Smart Ass: And as for you, Valiant, step out of line, and we'll hang you and your laundry out to dry.
Jessica Rabbit: Uh-oh. It's the weasels! This way. We'll take Gingerbread Lane.
Eddie Valiant: No, no! Gingerbread Lane's this way!
Benny the Cab: So, Valiant, you call a cab or what?
Benny the Cab: Hubba, hubba, hubba!
Benny the Cab: Allow me, mademoiselle.
R.K. Maroon: Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! The truth is, I had a chance to sell my studio. But Cloverleaf wouldn't buy my property unless Acme sold them his. The stubborn bastard wouldn't sell, so I was going to blackmail him with pictures of him and the rabbit's wife. Blackmail, that's all! I've been around toons all my life! I didn't want to see them destroyed!
Eddie Valiant: Toons destroyed? Why?
R.K. Maroon: If I tell you, I'm a dead man.
Eddie Valiant: You're a dead man if you don't tell me.
R.K. Maroon: Unless Acme's will shows by midnight tonight, Toontown's gonna be land for the free...
Roger Rabbit: P-p-please! Don't worry. Whatever you say. Yes, ma'am. Aye-aye, sir. Okey-dokey. Why, I'll take care of him like he was my own brother. Or my own sister.
Roger Rabbit: Ow! Or my brother's sister. Or my second cousin...
Bullet #1: What in Sam Hill?
Bullet #2: Eddie Valiant! Why, you're a sight for sore eyes.
Bullet #1: I ain't seen you nigh onto five years.
Bullet #2: Where've you been?
Eddie Valiant: Drunk. You feeling frisky tonight, fellas?
Bullet #1, Bullet #2: Yeah!
Eddie Valiant: Let's go.
Jessica Rabbit: I suppose you think no one's going to notice Toontown's disappeared?
Judge Doom: Who's got time to wonder what happened to some ridiculous talking mice when they're driving by at 75 miles an hour?
Jessica Rabbit: What're you talking about? There's no road past Toontown.
Eddie Valiant: Nobody's gonna drive this lousy freeway when they can take the Red Car for a nickel.
Judge Doom: Oh, they'll drive. They'll have to. You see, I bought the Red Car so I could dismantle it.
Dolores: I thought you said you'd never take another toon case. What did you have a change of heart?
Eddie Valiant: Nothing's changed. Somebody's made a patsy outta me and I'm gonna find out why!
Baby Herman: Whatta you know, you dumb broad? You got the IQ of a rattle.
Roger Rabbit: Let's forget it, there's nobody here!
Eddie Valiant: Is that it, or are you scared?
Roger Rabbit: P-p-p-p-please! Me, scared? Don't be ridiculous!
Roger Rabbit: Jeepers, another stupid newsreel! I hate the news!
Benny the Cab: This is no way to make a livin'.
Roger Rabbit: I wasn't worried, were you?
Roger Rabbit: When you called Maroon, you told him you had the will, but you don't. When he finds out, he's gonna be mad! He might try to kill ya.
Eddie Valiant: I can handle a Hollywood cream puff. I just don't want the odds to change. You cover my back. If you hear or see anything, beep the horn twice.
Roger Rabbit: Yeah, that's it, beep the horn twice. Cover your back. Boy, I'm ready: dukes up, eyes peeled, ears to the ground. Why, nobody gets the drop on Roger Rabbit!
Psycho: Bye-bye! Hee-hee!
Donald Duck: Hey, hey! Cut it out!
Daffy Duck: Doeth anybody underthtand what thith duck ith thaying?
Roger Rabbit: Eddie Valiant, you're under arrest! Pbbbbbbbbb...
Eddie Valiant: Get outta there! Idiot, I got no keys for these cuffs!
Conductor: What do I look like? A bank?
Jessica Rabbit: Oh, no! Where's Roger?
Eddie Valiant: Roger? He chickened out on me back at the studio.
Jessica Rabbit: No, he didn't. I hit him over the head with a frying pan and stuck him in the trunk. So he wouldn't get hurt.
Eddie Valiant: Makes perfect sense.
Donald F. Duck: This is hot stuff! Yeah!
Smart Ass: We searched Valiant boss. The will ain't on him.
Judge Doom: Then frisk the woman.
Greasy: *I'll* handle this one...
Eddie Valiant: Nice booby trap.
Judge Doom: Do they have the will or not?
Smart Ass: Nah, just a stupid love letter.
Judge Doom: No matter. I doubt that will is going to show up in the next fifteen minutes anyway.
Eddie Valiant: What happens in the next fifteen minutes?
Judge Doom: Toontown will be legally mine, lock, stock and barrel.
Benny the Cab: How about this weather, huh? It never rains!
Benny the Cab: Will you look at these two?
Benny the Cab: Excuse me, ladies! Now that's what I call a couple of roadhogs.
Judge Doom: No Toon can resist the old shave-and-a-haircut trick...
Roger Rabbit: Oh Jessica, please tell me it's not true.
Roger Rabbit: Roger Rabbit: P-p-p-please.
Eddie Valiant: I'm on the verge of wrapping up this case.
Angelo: Hey! I seen a rabbit.
Judge Doom: Where?
Eddie Valiant: See?
Judge Doom: *Where*?
Angelo: He's right here in the bar.
Angelo: Well, say hello... Harvey.
Roger Rabbit: I told ya so.
Lt. Santino: Just like a toon to drop a safe on a guy's head.
Lt. Santino: Sorry, Eddie.
Eddie Valiant: GET OUT OF THAT CHAIR!... That's my brother's chair.
Roger Rabbit: Yeah, where is your brother anyway? He looks like a sensitive and... SOBER fellow.
Eddie Valiant: That's it. I'm calling the cops.
Roger Rabbit: Go ahead. Call the cops. I come here for help and what do you do? Yo turn me in. No, don't feel guilty about me. So long, and thanks for nothing.
Eddie Valiant: That's the closet! Stupe!
Judge Doom: WAAAAAHHHHHH! I'M MELTING! MELTING!
Daffy Duck: I've worked with a lot of wise quackers, but you are despicable!
Donald Duck: Doggone, stubborn, little... I'll get it! Aahh!
Daffy Duck: This is the last time I work with someone with a speech impediment!
Donald F. Duck: Oh yeah?
Daffy Duck: This means war.     