
RoboCop: Dead or alive, you're coming with me!
Bixby Snyder: I'd buy that for a dollar!
ED-209: Please put down your weapon. You have twenty seconds to comply.
Dick Jones: I think you'd better do what he says, Mr. Kinney.
ED-209: You now have fifteen seconds to comply.
ED-209: You are in direct violation of Penal Code 1.13, Section 9.
ED-209: You have five seconds to comply.
Kinney: Help...! Help me!
ED-209: Four... three... two... one... I am now authorized to use physical force!
The Old Man: Nice shootin', son. What's your name?
RoboCop: Murphy.
Clarence Boddicker: Can you fly, Bobby?
The Old Man: Dick, you're *fired*!
RoboCop: Thank you.
Clarence Boddicker: Bitches, leave!
Bob Morton: What are your Prime Directives?
RoboCop: Serve the public trust, protect the innocent, uphold the law.
Reporter: Robo, excuse me, Robo. Any special message for all the kids watching at home?
RoboCop: Stay out of trouble.
Sal: Okay, let me, uh, try to put this in perspective. You killed a bunch of cops. Word around is that you've got a lot of heavy connections downtown. You make a lot of MY friends nervous. A lot of people... would love to see a guy like me... put a guy like you out of business.
Clarence Boddicker: I don't know. I don't know. Maybe I'm just not making myself clear. I don't want to fuck with you, Sal, but I got the connections. I got the sales organization. I got the muscle to shove enough of this factory so far up your stupid wop ass that you'll shit snow for a year.
Sal: Frankie, blow this cocksucker's head off.
Clarence Boddicker: Oooh. Guns, guns, guns! C'mon, Sal! The Tigers are playing...
Clarence Boddicker: ...tonight. I never miss a game.
Sal: Just kidding.
RoboCop: Clarence Boddicker, you are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent.
Clarence Boddicker: Fuck you.
Clarence Boddicker: Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute! I'm protected, man. I've got protection.
RoboCop: You have the right to an attorney.
Clarence Boddicker: What is this shiiiit.
Clarence Boddicker: Goddammit! Godammit! Listen to me! Listen to me, you fuck! There's another guy. He's, uh, he's OCP. He's a senior president.
RoboCop: Anything you say may be used against you.
Clarence Boddicker: It's Dick Jonessssss...
Clarence Boddicker: Don't you get it? You cocksucker! I work for Dick Jones! Dick Jones! He's the Number Two Guy at OCP. OCP runs the cops.
Clarence Boddicker: You're a cop. Cop!
RoboCop: Yes, I am a cop.
RoboCop: Let's talk.
RoboCop: Drop it!
RoboCop: Dead or alive, you're coming with me.
Emil: I know you. You're dead! We killed you!
Emil: We killed you!
Keva Rosenberg Unemployed Person: It's a free society - except there ain't nothin' free, because there's no guarantees, you know? You're on your own. It's the law of the jungle. Hoo-hoo.
RoboCop: Let the woman go. You are under arrest.
Creep's Buddy: Shit!
Creep's Buddy: You... you better back-up, pal! 'Cuz... he's gonna kill her. He... he is gonna kill her!
Creep: I'm gonna cut this bitch!
Creep's Buddy: He's gonna kill her, man!
Creep: I'm gonna cut this bitch!
Creep's Buddy: He... he's gonna kill her!
Creep: Oooow! Ooow-how-ha-how! Ahhhh!
RoboCop: Your move, Creep.
Creep: Oooow! Ooow! Ooooow!
Creep's Buddy: Okay, okay, it's okay!
Rape Victim: Oh, God. I was so scared. Thank you. Oh, thank you.
RoboCop: Madam, you have suffered an emotional shock. I will notify a rape crisis center.
RoboCop: Lewis! Lewis!
Officer Lewis: Murphy... I'm a mess...
RoboCop: They'll fix you. They fix everything.
Clarence Boddicker: Okay. I give up.
RoboCop: I'm not arresting you anymore.
Clarence Boddicker: H-hey, now wait a second. Now, wait a minute. You're taking this kind of personal, aren't ya? Come on, man. Come on, now. You're making me nervous. Come on, you can't do this! Come on, now! Don't mess around! Hey! Hey! Come on, man. Now, don't get cute!
RoboCop: Excuse me. I have to go. Somewhere there is a crime happening.
RoboCop: Book him!
Sgt. Reed: What's the charge?
RoboCop: He's a cop killer.
RoboCop: Murphy had a wife and son. What happened to them?
Officer Lewis: Well, after the funeral... she moved away.
RoboCop: Where did they go?
Officer Lewis: She thought you were dead. She started over again.
RoboCop: I can feel them... but I can't remember them.
RoboCop: Leave me alone.
Bob Morton: What the fuck are you doing? Do you know who I am? If you think you're gonna get away with this, you got another thing... Ahh!
Bob Morton: Goddammit!
Bob Morton: Stop! I'll give you anything you want! Just please, please don't kill me, all right?
Dick Jones: Hello, buddy boy. Dick Jones here. I guess you're on your knees right about now, begging for your life. Pathetic. You don't feel so cocky now, do ya, Bob?
Bob Morton: Whatever he's paying you, I'll double it right now.
Dick Jones: You know what the tragedy is here, Bob? We could have been friends...
Dick Jones: ...but you wouldn't go through proper channels.
Dick Jones: You went over my head. That hurt...
Dick Jones: ...but life goes on, it's an old story, the fight for love and glory, huh, Bob? It helps if you think of it as a game, Bob. Every game has a winner and a loser.
Dick Jones: I'm cashing you out, Bob.
RoboCop: Come quietly or there will be... trouble.
Steve Minh: Oh...
Steve Minh: Fuck you!
Officer Lewis: Sorry, Sarge. I fucked up.
Sgt. Reed: Forget it, kid. This guy's a serious asshole.
Slimey Lawyer: Attempted murder? Well, it's not like he killed someone. This is a clear violation of my client's civil rights.
Bail Bondsman: Make it aggravated assault and I can make bail, in cash, now!
Sgt. Reed: Listen, pal, your client's a scumbag, you're a scumbag, and scumbags see the judge on Monday morning! Now, get out of my police station, and take laughing boy with ya!
Clarence Boddicker: Hey, Dickey boy. How's tricks?
Dick Jones: That *thing* is still alive.
Clarence Boddicker: I don't know what you're talking about.
Dick Jones: The police officer who arrested you, the one you spilled your guts to.
Clarence Boddicker: Hey... take a look at my face, *Dick*! He was trying to kill me.
Dick Jones: He's a cyborg, you idiot! He recorded every word you said. His memory's admissible as evidence! You *involved* me! You're gonna have to kill it.
Clarence Boddicker: Well, listen, chief... your company built the fucking thing! Now I gotta deal with it? I don't have time for this bullshit!
Dick Jones: Suit yourself, Clarence... but Delta City begins construction in two months. That's two million workers living in trailers. That means drugs, gambling, prostitution - virgin territory for the man who knows how to open up new markets. One man could control it all, Clarence.
Clarence Boddicker: Well, I guess we're gonna be friends after all... *Richard*.
Dick Jones: Destroy it.
Clarence Boddicker: Gonna need some major firepower. You got access to military weaponry?
Dick Jones: We practically are the military.
Dick Jones: Come in, officer. You know, I usually don't see anyone without an appointment, but your case I'll make an exception.
RoboCop: You are under arrest.
Dick Jones: Oh? On what charge?
RoboCop: Aiding and abetting a known felon.
Dick Jones: Sounds like I'm in a lot of trouble. You better take me in.
RoboCop: I will.
Dick Jones: What's the matter officer? I'll tell you what's the matter. It's a little insurance policy called "Directive 4", my little contribution to your psychological profile. Any attempt to arrest a senior officer of OCP results in shutdown. What did you think? That you were an ordinary police officer? You're our product, and we can't very well have our products turning against us, can we?
Dick Jones: Ahh, still a little fight left in you. Maybe you'd like to meet a friend of mine.
Dick Jones: I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake.
Clarence Boddicker: Sayonara, RoboCop!
Murphy: Role models can be very important to a boy.
Dougy: We rob the banks but we never get to keep the money.
Emil: Takes money to make money. We steal money to buy coke then sell the coke to make even more money. Capital investment, man.
Dougy: Yeah, but why bother making it when we can just steal it?
Emil: No better way to steal money than free enterprise. Smoke?
Dougy: Naw. Ya know, those things'll kill ya.
Emil: Yeah. You wanna live forever?
Leon Nash: Why don't you let us take over from here, Emil?
Emil: Your ass is mine.
Clarence Boddicker: No. Not yet it ain't. Well, what have we here?
Clarence Boddicker: You a good cop, hot shot? Well, sure you are. Why, you gotta be some kind of... GREAT cop to come in here all by yourself.
Clarence Boddicker: Where's your partner? Where's your partner?
Joe Cox: Well, guys, other one was upstairs. She was sweeeeeeet, mm, mm, mm. I took her out.
Clarence Boddicker: I bet that really pisses you off. You probably don't think I'm a very nice guy. Do ya?
Murphy: Buddy, I think you're slime.
Clarence Boddicker: See, I got this problem. Cops don't like me, so I don't like cops.
Clarence Boddicker: Well, give the man a hand! He's all yours.
Emil: All right, all right. Look out.
Steve Minh: Turn around, man.
Joe Cox: Pretty boy. Hey, over here.
Murphy: OUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU... OW! Oh! Oh! OW! OUUUUUUUUUU...
The Old Man: How can we help you, officer?
RoboCop: Dick Jones is wanted for murder.
Dick Jones: This is absurd! That thing... is a violent mechanical psychopath!
RoboCop: My program will not allow me to act against an officer of this company.
The Old Man: These are serious charges. What is your evidence?
Dick Jones: I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake. I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake.
Dick Jones: Get up! Get up! I want a chopper, now! We will walk to the roof very calmly, I will board the chopper with my hostage. Anybody tries to stop me... the old geezer gets it.
The Old Man: Dick, you're fired!
RoboCop: Thank you.
Prisoner: Now, I am... I am what you call a repeat offender. I repeat, I will offend again! I get my orders from a higher source.
Sgt. Reed: Shut up, asshole.
Commercial Voice-Over: It's back. Big is back, because bigger is better. 6000 SUX - an American tradition!
Manson: Where are you from?
Murphy: Metro South.
Manson: Welcome to hell.
Emil: Help meeeee...
Leon Nash: Don't touch me, man!
ED-209: You are illegally parked on private property. You have twenty seconds to move your vehicle.
Clarence Boddicker: Listen, I'm here to see Dick Jones, but when I'm done, I've got some free time. Maybe you could, um... fit me in.
Clarence: Just give me my fucking phone call.
Joe Cox: Mind if I... zip this up?
RoboCop: Looking for me?
Bob Morton: Yes! Now that's how it's done in the big leagues, Johnson. You see an opening, you GO for it!
Johnson: You better watch your back, Bob. Jones is gonna come looking for you.
Bob Morton: Oh, fuck Jones. He fumbled the ball and I was there to pick it up.
Johnson: Too bad about Kinney, huh?
Bob Morton: That's life in the big city.
Johnson: When do we start?
Bob Morton: As soon as some poor schmuck volunteers.
Lt Hedgecock: Okay, Miller! Don't hurt the mayor! We'll give you whatever you want!
Miller: First, don't fuck with me. I'm a desperate man! And second, I want some fresh coffee. And third, I want a recount! And no matter how it turns out, I want my old job back!
Lt Hedgecock: Okay.
Miller: And I want a bigger office! And I want a new car! And I want the city to pay for it all!
Lt Hedgecock: What kind of car, Miller?
Miller: Something with reclining leather seats, that goes really fast, and gets really shitty gas mileage!
Lt Hedgecock: How about the, uh, 6000 SUX?
Miller: Yeah! Okay, sure! What about cruise control? Does it come with cruise control?
Lt Hedgecock: Hey, no problem, Miller. Let the mayor go, we'll even throw in a Blaupunkt!
Miller: Lieutenant, don't jerk me off! When people jerk me off, I kill them! You wanna see?
Lt Hedgecock: Get up, Your Honor. Get up! Get up. Your public wants to see you.
Miller: Nobody ever takes me seriously! We'll get serious now... and kiss the mayor's ass goodbye!
Officer Lewis: Murphy, it's you!
Sgt. Reed: Lewis, come here when you're finished fucking around with your suspect!
Sgt. Reed: I don't want to hear any more talk about strike! We're not plumbers! We're police officers - and police officers don't strike!
RoboCop: Drop the gun, you are under arrest!
Hophead: Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!
Hophead: Hophead: RoboCop: Thank you for your cooperation, goodnight.
Alarm voice-over: Red alert! Red alert! Red alert!
Commercial girl: You crossed my line of death.
Commerical mom: You haven't dismantled your MX stockpile.
Commercial boy: Pakistan is threatening my border!
Commercial dad: That's it, buster! No more military aid.
Commercial Voice-Over: Nukem. Get them before they get you. Another quality home game from Butler Brothers.
Joe Cox: Shit! I'm out of ammo.
Emil: Me, too.
Joe Cox: Does it hurt? Does it hurt?
Clarence Boddicker: Okay, fun's over.
Clarence Boddicker: Okay, let's get out of here.
Joe Cox: Good night, sweet prince.
The Old Man: Dick, I'm very disappointed.
Dick Jones: I'm sure it's only a glitch, a temporary setback.
The Old Man: You call this a GLITCH?
The Old Man: We're scheduled to begin construction in six months. Your "temporary setback" could cost us fifty million dollars in interest payments alone!
Bob Morton: Somebody wanna call a *goddamn* paramedic? Let's go, Johnson!
Johnson: You pull the plug on this thing!
Johnson: All right, look, don't touch 'em. Don't *touch* 'em!
Bob Morton: How does he eat?
Roosevelt: His digestive system is extremely simple. This processor dispenses a rudimentary paste that sustains his organic systems.
Johnson: Tastes like baby food.
Bob Morton: Knock yourself out.
Starkweather: We're getting creamed out there, Reed.
Roosevelt: The entire outer skin will be like this.
Tyler: It's titanium, laminated with kevlar.
Roosevelt: Go ahead. Shake his hand.
Bob Morton: Come here often? How you doin'?
Bob Morton: Ow! God! He's got a helluva grip!
Tyler: It's 400 foot-pounds. He could crush every bone in your hand.
Roosevelt: All right, attach it to his shoulder.
Bob Morton: I like that.
Bob Morton: You are gonna be a bad motherfucker!
Robert 'Bob' Morton: At Security Concepts, we're projecting the end of crime in Old Detroit within forty days. There's a new guy in town. His name is RoboCop.
Dick Jones: Every policeman knows when he joins the force that there are certain inherent risks that come with the territory. Ask any cop, he'll tell ya, "If you can't stand the heat, you better stay out of the kitchen."
Murphy: Hey! Don't move.
Murphy: Go ahead and do it. Dead or alive, you're coming with me.
Murphy: Lewis. Lewis? Lewis, I got a situation here, girl.
Murphy: Okay, tough guy, get up. Get up! C'mon. Spread your legs. That's right.
Murphy: Lewis, where are you? You all right?
Jesse Perkins: Robocop: Who is he? What is he? Where does he come from? He is OCP"s newest soldier in their revolutionary crime management program. OCP spokesmen claim that the fearless machine has crooks on the run in Old Detroit. Today, kids at Lee Iacocca Elementary School got to meet in person what their parents only read about in comic books.
Reporter: Robo, excuse me, Robo! Any special message for all the kids watching at home?
RoboCop: Stay out of trouble.
Bob Morton: Hey, he's old, we're young, and that's life.
Grocery Mom: Would there be anything else, sir?
Hophead: Yeah, empty the register and put the money in the bag.
Grocery Mom: Excuse me?
Hophead: I said give me your money and all of it, and don't fuck with me!
Hophead: Now move! Open the safe, pops. Open the god-damn safe!
Grocery Pop: We-we don't have a safe.
Hophead: Shit!
Hophead: There's your god-damn safe! Open that son of a bitch! I'm gonna count to three and you'd better open that son of a bitch! Come on, come ON!
Hophead: I'm gonna blow her brains out.
Grocery Pop: I'll open the safe.
Hophead: Good boy.
Hophead: Come on! Well, you better open that on the count of three. One. Two.
Hophead: Fuck me!
RoboCop: Drop the gun. You are under arrest.
Hophead: Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!
RoboCop: Thank you for your co-operation. Good night.
Bixby Snyder: I'll buy that for a dollar!
Dick Jones: I say good business is where you find it.
Dick Jones: Congratulations, Bob.
Bob Morton: Thanks.
Dick Jones: I remember when I was a young executive for this company. I used to call the old man funny names - Iron Butt, Boner... once I even called him... Asshole - but there was always respect. I always knew where the line was drawn, and you just stepped over it, buddy-boy. You've insulted me and you've insulted this company with that bastard creation of yours. I had a guaranteed military sale with ED 209 - renovation program, spare parts for twenty-five years... Who cares if it worked or not?
Bob Morton: The old man thought it was pretty important... Dick.
Dick Jones: You know, he's a sweet old man, and he means well, but he's not gonna live forever and I'm number two around here. Pretty simple math, huh, Bob? You just, uh...
Dick Jones: ... fucked with the wrong guy.
Bob Morton: You're out of your fuckin' mind!
Dick Jones: You'd better pray that that unholy monster of yours doesn't screw up.
Officer Lewis: I asked him his name. He didn't know.
Bob Morton: Oh, great. Let me make it real clear to you. He doesn't have a name. He's got a program. He's product. Is that clear?
Emil: Smoke?
Dougy: Nah. You know those things'll kill you.
Emil: Yeah. D'you wanna live forever?
Clarence Boddicker: Hey, Emil! How's the Gray Bar Motel?
Emil: Not bad.
Emil: They let me keep the shirt. Nobody popped my cherry!
Leon Nash: Emil, how ya doin', man? Good to see ya!
Joe Cox: Hey, hey! First they let me out of jail for free, then what do I find in the prison parking lot but a brand new 6000 SUX. Still got the factory sticker on it!
Leon Nash: Hey, Clarence! Joey's got a car just like yours, man!
Joe Cox: Yo, Clarence, what do you think, buddy?
Joe Cox: What do you got there, Clarence, huh? Whoa! A new toy! Can I play?
Clarence Boddicker: Huh? Watch this...
Joe Cox: Wait... wait a minute, Clarence! Clarence!
Joe Cox: Ah, shit! Fuck!
Clarence Boddicker: Nice car, Joe!
Joe Cox: Fuck you, Clarance.
Emil: Lemme try that!
Clarence Boddicker: Clarence Boddicker: Cobra Assault Cannon - state of the art bang - bang!
Emil: I LIKE it!
Joe Cox: Give it up, faggot little man!
Emil: No, butthole! Get your own!
Clarence Boddicker: Come on!
Joe Cox: Ha HAA ha-ha HA! The wreckin' crew is here! Where IS that metallic mother...
Clarence Boddicker: Zip it up, will you, man? Nothing fancy. Just kill him!
Kaplan: I don't like it any more than you do, Reed, but listen.
Sgt. Reed: You listen to me, you asshole! You're talking about shutting down a major metropolitan police force! Without cops, this city would tear itself apart!
Johnson: Don't mess with Jones, man. He'll make sushi out of you.
Kinney: Yeah, you better be careful. Man, I hear Jones is a real shark.
Bob Morton: Who asked you, twerp?
The Old Man: Old Detroit has a cancer. The cancer is crime, and it must be cut out before we employ the two million workers that will breathe life into this city again.
Clarence Boddicker: Bye-bye, baby.
Tyler: We were able to save the left arm.
Bob Morton: What? I thought we agreed on total body prosthesis. Now, lose the arm, okay?
Tyler: Jesus, Morton!
Bob Morton: Can he understand what I'm saying?
Roosevelt: Doesn't matter. We're gonna blank his memory anyway.
Bob Morton: Well, I think we should lose the arm. Wha-what do you think, Johnson?
Johnson: Well, he signed a release form when he joined the force. He's legally dead. We can do pretty much what we want to him.
Bob Morton: Lose the arm.
Tyler: Shut him down. Prep him for surgery.
Clarence Boddicker: I don't think I want to pay that, Sal.
Sal: I don't give a shit what you want to pay. I set the prices here.
Clarence Boddicker: Listen, pal, maybe you haven't heard. I'm the guy in Old Detroit. You want space in my marketplace... you're gonna have to give me a volume discount.
Sal: Not into... discounts.
Clarence Boddicker: Think about it, chum. Good business is where you find it.
Dick Jones: Jesus, you really screwed up.
Clarence Boddicker: Shit! I don't believe it!
Bobby: What?
Clarence Boddicker: You... you burnt the fucking money!
Bobby: I had to blow the door! What do you want?
Clarence Boddicker: It's as good as marked, you asshole. You stupid, stupid asshole!
Kaplan: Well, I'll tell you what we should do. We should strike. Fuck 'em!
Bob Morton: Let's get out of here. Listen, Reed.
Sgt. Reed: Yeah.
Bob Morton: Try and keep one thing in mind. This project doesn't concern cops. It's classified. It's OCP. Got it, mister?
Sgt. Reed: Yeah, I got it.
Clarence Boddicker: He's at the steel mill. Let's go.
Leon Nash: All right, cut the horseshit! We're moving out.
Clarence Boddicker: Come on, Emil. Get your ass in the van!
Emil: Come on, lard-ass, let's move it!
Joe Cox: I'll get you, faggot, haha-ha!
RoboCop: Drop the gun, you are under arrest!
Hophead: Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!
Hophead: Hophead: RoboCop: Thank you for your cooperation, goodnight.
Dick Jones: I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake.
The Old Man: How can we help you, officer?
RoboCop: Dick Jones is wanted for murder.
Dick Jones: This is absurd. That *thing* is a violent mechanical psychopath.
RoboCop: My program will not allow me to act against an officer of this company.
The Old Man: These are serious charges. What is your evidence?
RoboCop: Dick Jones: I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake. I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake.
Clarence Boddicker: You can keep the gum.
The Old Man: My friends, I've had this dream for more than a decade now, a dream which I've invited you all to share with me.
The Old Man: Maybe what we need here is a fresh perspective.
The Old Man: These are serious charges. What is your evidence?
Emil: What are you, crazy, man?
Clarence Boddicker: Shut the fuck up and do it! Just do it!
Lt Hedgecock: We wait. Terrorism is a very tricky business. Massive and immediate retaliation is the best policy. Unfortunately...
News Crew: This is Media Break. You give us 3 minutes, and we'll give you the world.
Casey Wong: Good morning. I'm Casey Wong, with Jess Perkins. Top story: Pretoria. The threat of nuclear confrontation in South Africa escalated today when the ruling white military government of that besieged city-state unveiled a French-made neutron bomb and affirmed its willingness to use the 3 megaton device as the city's last line of defense.
Jesse Perkins: And the President's first press conference from the Star Wars orbiting peace platform got off to a shaky start when power failed, causing a brief but harmless period of weightlessness for the visiting President and his staff.
Dick Jones: Because no matter what happens, this corporation will live up to the guiding principles of its founder: courage, strength, conviction.
Dick Jones: We will meet each new challenge with the same aggressive attitude.
Jesse Perkins: Good evening, I'm Jess Perkins with Casey Wong. Top story: Santa Barbara. 10,000 acres of wooded residential land were scorched in an instant when a laser cannon aboard the Strategic Defense Peace Platform misfired today during routine startup tests. Casey?
Casey Wong: Yes, it was a day of mourning for the families of 113 known dead at this hour. Among them: two former United States presidents who had retired in the Santa Barbara area. A day of mourning for a country.
Jesse Perkins: Good evening, I'm Jess Perkins with Casey Wong.Top story: Santa Barbara. 10,000 acres of wooded residential land were scorched in an instant when a laser cannon aboard the Strategic Defense Peace Platform misfired today during routine startup tests. Casey.
Casey Wong: Yes, it was a day of mourning for the families of 113 known dead at this hour. Among them: two fomer United States presidents who had retired in the Santa Barbara area. A day of mourning for a country.
Jimmy Murphy: Can you do that, dad?     