
Ariel: Is he dead?
Scuttle: It's hard to say.
Scuttle: Oh I can't make out a heartbeat.
Ariel: No look, he's breathing. He's so beautiful.
Ariel: What would i give to live where you are/ What would I pay to stay here beside you/ what would I do to see you smiling at me/ Where would we walk/ where would we run/ If we could stay all day in the sun/ Just you and me/ and I could be/ part of your world
Grimsby: Eric. Eric
Grimsby: Oh, you really delight in these sadistic strain on my blood pressure don't you.
Prince Eric: A girl, rescued me. She was singing. She had the most beautiful voice.
Grimsby: Ah Eric, I think you swallowed a bit to much sea-water. Off we go. Come along Max.
Sebastian: We just gonna forget the whole thing ever happened. The Sea-King will never know. You won't tell him.
Flounder: Sebastian: I won't tell him. I will stay in one piece.
Ariel: I don't know when/ I don't know how/ But I know something's starting right now/ Watch and you'll see/ Someday I'll be/ Part of Your World
Sebastian: Hm. Teenagers. They think they know everything. You give them an inch, they swim all over you.
Sebastian: The newt play the flute / The carp play the harp / The plaice play the bass / And they soundin' sharp / The bass play the brass / The chub play the tub / The fluke is the duke of soul.
Fluke: Yeah!
Sebastian: The ray he can play / The ling's on the strings / The trout's rocking out / The blackfish she sings / The smelt and the sprat / They know where it's at / And oh, that blowfish blow! Ha ha!
Sebastian: Ariel, listen to me. The human world is a mess. Life under the sea is better than anything they got up there.
Sebastian: The seaweed is always greener / In somebody else's lake / You dream about going up there / But that is a big mistake / Just look at the world around you / Right here on the ocean floor / Such wonderful things around you / What more is you lookin' for? / Under the sea / Under the sea / Darlin', it's better / Down where it's wetter / Take it from me / Up on the shore they work all day / Out in the sun they slave away / While we devotin' / Full time to floating / Under the sea!
Sebastian: Just look at her! On legs! On human legs!
Sebastian: My nerves are shot. This is a catastrophe! What would her father say? I'll tell you what her father'd say. He'd say he's gonna kill himself a crab, that's what her father'd say! I'm gonna march meself home and tell him right this minute
Sebastian: And don't you shake your head at me, young lady! Maybe there's still time. If we could get that witch to give you back your voice, you could go home with all the normal fish and just be.
Sebastian: Just be. Just be miserable for the rest of your life.
Sebastian: Alright, alright, I'll try to help you find that prince.
Sebastian: Boy. What a softshell I'm turning out to be.
Ursula: Yes, hurry home, princess. We wouldn't want to miss old Daddy's celebration, now, would we? Huh! Celebration indeed.
Ursula: Bah! In my day, we had fantastical feasts when I lived in the palace. And now, look at me - wasted away to practically nothing - banished, and exiled, and practically starving, while he and his flimsy fish-folk celebrate. Well, I'll give 'em something to celebrate soon enough. Flotsam! Jetsam! I want you to keep an extra close watch on this pretty little daughter of his. She may be the key to Triton's undoing...
Triton: I just don't know what we're going to do with you, young lady.
Ariel: Daddy, I'm sorry, I just forgot, I...
Triton: As a result of your careless behavior...
Sebastian: Careless and reckless behavior!
Triton: The entire celebration was, er...
Sebastian: Well, it was ruined! That's all, completely destroyed! This concert was to be the pinnacle of my distinguished career. Now thanks to you, I am the laughingstock of the entire kingdom!
Flounder: But it wasn't her fault! Ah well first, ahh, this shark chased us yeah yeah! And we tried to but we couldn't and then grr and and we whoa! Ah, and then we were safe. But then this seagull came, and it was this is this, and that is that, and.
Triton: Seagull?
Triton: What? Oh you went up to the surface again, didn't you? Didn't you?
Ariel: Nothing happened.
Triton: Ariel, How many times must we go through this? You could've been seen by one of those barbarians by by one of those humans!
Ariel: Daddy, they're not barbarians!
Triton: They're dangerous; do you think I would want to see my youngest daughter snared by some fish eater's hook?
Ariel: I'm sixteen years old. I'm not a child.
Triton: Don't you take that tone of voice with me, young lady. As long as you live under my ocean, you'll obey my rules!
Ariel: But if you would just listen!
Triton: Not another word! And I am never, never to hear of you going to the surface again. Is that clear?
Sebastian: Jeez, mon, I'm surrounded by amateurs. You want something done, you've got to do it yourself.
Sebastian: First, we've to create the mood.
Sebastian: Percussion. Strings. Winds. Words.
Sebastian: There you see her / Sitting there across the way / She don't got a lot to say / But there's something about her / And you don't know why / But you're dying to try / You wanna kiss the girl.
Ariel: If only I could make him understand. I just don't see things the way he does. I just don't see how a world that makes such wonderful things could be bad.
Ariel: Look at this stuff, isn't it neat? / Wouldn't ya think my collection's complete / Wouldn't you think I'm the girl / Girl who has everything / Look at this trove, treasures untold / How many wonders can one cavern hold? / Looking around you'd think / Sure, she's got everything / I've got gadgets and gizmos aplenty / I have whoozits and whatzis galore / You want thingamabobs? I've got twenty / But who cares? No big deal / I want more.
Triton: I consider myself a reasonable merman. I set certain rules, and I expect those rules to be obeyed!
Ariel: But, Daddy...
Triton: Is it true you rescued a human from drowning?
Ariel: Daddy, I had to.
Triton: Contact between the human world and the mer world is strictly forbidden! Ariel, you know that! Everyone knows that!
Ariel: He would have died!
Triton: One less human to worry about!
Ariel: You don't even know him!
Triton: Know him? I don't have to know him! They're all the same! Spineless, savage, harpooning fish eaters, incapable of any feeling!
Ariel: Daddy, I love him!
Triton: No! Have you lost your senses completely? He's a human! You're a mermaid!
Ariel: I don't care!
Triton: So help me, Ariel, I am going to get through to you! And if this is the only way, so be it!
Sebastian: Down here all the fish is happy / As off to the waves they roll / The fish on the land ain't happy / They sad 'cause they in the bowl / But fish in the bowl is lucky / They in for a worser fate / One day when the boss get hungry.
Fish: Guess who gonna be on the plate?
Ursula: Well, angelfish, the solution to your problem is simple. The only way to get what you want is to become a human yourself.
Ariel: Can you do that?
Ursula: My dear, sweet child. That's what I do. It's what I live for, to help unfortunate merfolk, like yourself, poor souls with no one else to turn to.
Ariel: But without my voice, how can I.
Ursula: You'll have your looks. Your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of "body language." Ha!
Ursula: The men up there don't like a lot of blabber / They think a girl who gossips is a bore / Yes, on land it's much prefered / for ladies not to say a word / After all, dear, what is idle prattle for? / Come on, they're not all that impressed with conversation / True gentlemen avoid it when they can / But they dote and swoon and fawn / On a lady who's withdrawn / It's she who holds her tongue who gets her man.
Ursula: So much for true love!
Grimsby: Eric, if I may say, far better than any dream girl is one of flesh and blood. One warm, and caring, and right before your eyes
Ursula: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I can't stand it! It's too easy! The child is in love with a human. And not just any human. A prince!
Ursula: Her daddy'll love that. King Triton's headstrong, lovesick girl would make a charming addition to my little garden.
Louis: Les Poissons, Les Poissons / How I love Les Poissons / Love to chop and to serve little fish / First I cut off their heads, then I pull out their bones / Ah, mais oui ça c'est toujours delish / Les poissons, les poissons, Hee-hee-hee, ho-ho-ho! / With the cleaver I hack them in two / I pull out what's inside, and I serve it up fried / 'Cause I love little fishes, don't you? / Here's something for tempting the palate / Prepared in the classic technique / First you pound the fish flat with the mallet / Then you slash through the skin, give the belly a slice / Then you rub some salt in, 'cause that makes it taste nice!
Louis: Zut alors! I have missed one.
Louis: Sacrebleu! What is this? / How on earth could I miss / Such a sweet, little succulent crab / Quel dommage, what a loss! / Here we go, in the sauce / Now some flour, I think just a dab / Now I'll stuff you with bread! / It don't hurt, 'cause you're dead / And you're certainly lucky you are / 'Cause it's gonna be hot in my big silver pot / Toodle-oo, mon poisson, au revoir!
Sebastian: Somebody's got to nail that girl's fins to the floor.
Scuttle: It's a dinglehopper. Humans use these little babies to straighten their hair out. See? Just a little twirl here and a yank there and voila. You've got an aesthetically pleasing configuration of hair that humans go nuts over.
Sebastian: This has got to be, without a doubt, the single most humiliating day of my life!
Sebastian: I hope that you appreciate what I go through for you, young lady! Now, we got to make a plan to get that boy to kiss you. Tomorrow, when he takes you for that ride, you gotta look your best! You gotta bat your eyes, like this.
Sebastian: You gotta pucker up your lips, like this...
Sebastian: You are hopeless, child. You know that. Completely hopeless.
Prince Eric: Gee, you must have really been through something.
Ursula: If you want to cross a bridge, my sweet / You've got to pay the toll / Take a gulp and take a breath and go ahead and sign the scroll! / Flotsam, Jetsam, now I've got her, boys / The boss is on a roll / This poor unfortunate soul!
Sebastian: Are you sure about this?
Scuttle: Have I ever been wrong? I mean when it's important!
Scuttle: Vanessa: What a lovely little bride I'll make/ My dear I'll look divine.
Vanessa: Things are working out according/ To my ultimate design
Scuttle: Vanessa: Soon I'll have that little mermaid/ And the ocean will be mine!
Vanessa: Scuttle: The Sea Witch! Oh no. She's gonna. I gotta.
Scuttle: Ariel!
Scuttle: I haven't seen this in years, this is wonderful!
Ariel: What is it?
Scuttle: A banded, bulbous snarfblatt.
Ariel, Flounder: Oh.
Triton: Do you think I was too hard on her?
Sebastian: Definitely not! Why, if Ariel was my daughter, I'd show her who was boss. None of this flitting to the surface and other such nonsense. No, sir! I'd keep her under tight control.
Triton: You're absolutely right, Sebastian.
Sebastian: Of course.
Triton: Ariel needs constant supervision.
Sebastian: Constant.
Triton: Someone to watch over her, to keep her out of trouble.
Sebastian: All the time.
Triton: And you are just the crab to do it.
Scuttle: Whoa! Mermaid off the port bow! Ariel! How you doin', kid?
Scuttle: Whoa, what a swim.
Ursula: Come in. Come in, my child. We mustn't lurk in doorways. It's rude. One might question your upbringing.
Ursula: Oh, and there is one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment. You can't get something for nothing, you know.
Ariel: But I don't have any.
Ursula: I'm not asking much. Just a token really, a trifle. You'll never even miss it. What I want from you is your voice.
Ariel: My voice?
Ursula: You got it, sweetcakes. No more talking, singing, zip.
Scuttle: Well, look at what the catfish dragged in!
Scuttle: Look at ya! Look at ya! There's something different. Don't tell me. I got it. It's your hairdo, right? You've been using the dinglehopper, right?
Scuttle: No? No, huh? Well, let me see. New seashells? No new seashells. I gotta admit, I can't put my foot on it right now, but if I just stand here long enough, I should...
Sebastian: She's got legs, you idiot! She traded her voice to the sea witch and got legs! Geez, mon!
Scuttle: I knew that.
Flounder: Ariel's been turned into a human. She'll have to make the prince fall in love with her, and he's gotta he's gotta kiss her.
Sebastian: And she's only got three days!
Ariel: If I become human, I'll never be with my father or sisters again.
Ursula: That's right. But you'll have your man. Life's full of tough choices, isn't it?
Ariel: I love you, Daddy.
Ursula: Now, here's the deal. I will make you a potion that will turn you into a human for three days. Got that? Three days. Now listen, this is important. Before the sun sets on the third day, you've got to get dear ol' princey to fall in love with you. That is, he's got to kiss you. Not just any kiss the kiss of true love. If he does kiss you before the sun sets on the third day, you'll remain human, permanently, but if he doesn't, you turn back into a mermaid, and you belong to me!
Ursula: So long, lover boy!
Ursula: Babies! My poor little poopsies!
Triton: I'm really looking forward to this performance, Sebastian.
Sebastian: Your Majesty. This will be the finest concert I have ever conducted. Your daughters, they will be spectacular!
Triton: Yes, and especially my little Ariel.
Sebastian: Yes, yes. She has the most beautiful voice. Hmm?
Sebastian: If only she'd show up for rehearsals once in a while.
Triton: Sebastian, I'm concerned about Ariel. Have you noticed she's been acting peculiar lately?
Sebastian: Oh! Uh, peculiar?
Triton: You know, mooning about, daydreaming, singing to herself. You haven't noticed, hmm?
Sebastian: Oh, well I.
Triton: Sebastian.
Sebastian: Hmm?
Triton: I know you've been keeping something from me.
Sebastian: Keeping something?
Triton: About Ariel?
Sebastian: Ariel?
Triton: In love? Hmm?
Sebastian: I tried to stop her, sir! She wouldn't listen! I told her to stay away from humans! They are bad! They are trouble! They are.
Triton: Humans? What about humans?
Sebastian: Humans?
Sebastian: Who said anything about humans?
Ursula: Now I am the ruler of all the ocean! The waves obey my every whim!
Ursula: What a lovely little bride I'll make / my dear, I look divine / Things are working out according to my ultimate design.
Ursula: Soon I'll have that little mermaid / And the ocean will be mine.
Scuttle: The Sea Witch! Oh, she's what the? I gotta.
Scuttle: Ariel!
Scuttle: I was flyin', I of course I was flyin' and I saw that the watch the witch, was watchin' in a mirror and she was singin' with a stolen set of pipes. Do you hear what I'm tellin' you?
Scuttle: The prince is marryin' the sea witch in disguise!
Ariel: Up where they walk / Up where they run / Up where they stay all day in the sun / Wanderin' free / Wish I could be / Part of that world.
Sebastian: Ariel, you're under a lot of pressure down here. Come with me, I'll take you home and get you something warm to drink.
Ursula: I admit that in the past I've been nasty/They weren't kidding when they called me, well a witch/But you'll find that now-a-days/I've mended all my ways, repented, seen the light and took a switch/true? Yes. And I fortunately know a little magic/It's a talent that I always have possessed, but now dear lately, please don't laugh/I use it on behalf, of the miserable, lonely and depressed!
Ursula: Pathetic!
Ursula: Poor, unfortunate souls! So sad, so true! This one longing to be thinner, that one wants to get the girl and do I help them?
Ursula: Yes, indeed! Now it's happened once or twice/someone couldn't pay the price/and I'm afraid I have to rake them across the coals!
Ursula: Yes I have had my share of complaints but on the whole I've been a saint!... to those Poor Unfortunate Sou-uls!
Ariel: I wanna be where the people are, I wanna see, wanna see 'em dancing, walking around on those...
Ariel: What do you call 'em? Oh... feet!
Ariel: Flippin' your fins, you don't get too far, legs are required for jumping, dancing! Strolling along down a...
Ariel: What's that word again? Street! Up where they walk, up where they run, up where they stay all day in the sun, wandering free, wish I could be part of that world!
Ursula: Nice work boys. That was a close one too close! The little tramp!
Ursula: Well, she's better than I thought. At this rate, he'll be kissing her by sunset for sure!
Ursula: Well, it's time Ursula took matters into her own tentacles.
Ursula: Triton's daughter will be mine and then I'll make him writhe. I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook!
Ariel: I've never seen a human this close before. Oh he's very handsome, isn't he?
Scuttle: I don't know, he looks kind of hairy and slobbery to me.
Ariel: No, not that one. The one playing the snarfblatt.
Ariel: All right, I'm going inside. You can just stay here and watch for sharks.
Flounder: Okay. Yeah, you go. I'll just stay and What? Sharks? Ariel!
Prince Eric: You know, I feel really bad not knowing your name. Maybe I can guess. Is it, uh Mildred?
Prince Eric: Okay, no. How about Diana? Rachel?
Sebastian: Ariel. Her name's Ariel.
Prince Eric: Ariel?
Prince Eric: Ariel? Oh. That's kind of pretty. Okay, Ariel.
Sebastian: Ariel, please! Will you get your head out of the clouds and back in the water where it belongs?
Ariel: You're not getting cold fins now, are you?
Ariel: It looks just like him. It even has his eyes. "Why, Eric, run away with you? This is all so so sudden."
Ariel: Flounder, don't be such a guppy.
Flounder: I'm not a guppy.
Prince Eric: Isn't this great? The salty sea air, the wind blowing in your face. Aaah, the perfect day to be at sea!
Grimsby: Oh, yes urp delightful.
Prince Eric: Believe me, Grim, when I find the right girl, I'll know. Without a doubt, it'll just... bam... hit me. Like lightning.
Andrina: Ariel, dear, time to come out. You've been in there all morning.
Atina: What is with her lately?
Ariel: Morning, Daddy.
Atina: Oh, she's got it bad.
Triton: What? What has she got?
Andrina: Isn't it obvious, Daddy? Ariel's in love.
Triton: Ariel?
Triton: In love?
Grimsby: Eric?... If I may say... far better than any dream girl is one of flesh and blood. One warm, and caring, and right before your eyes.
Flotsam & Jetsam: Poor child. Poor, sweet child. She has a very serious problem. If only there was something we could do. But there is something.
Ariel: Who who are you?
Flotsam & Jetsam: Don't be scared. We represent someone who can help you. Someone who can make all your dreams come true. Just imagine you and your prince together forever.
Ariel: I don't understand.
Flotsam & Jetsam: Ursula has great powers.
Ariel: The sea witch? Why, that's I couldn't possibly no! Get out of here! Leave me alone!
Flotsam & Jetsam: Suit yourself. It was only a suggestion.
Ariel: Wait.
Flotsam & Jetsam: Yes?
Sebastian: Ariel, where are you going?
Sebastian: Ariel, what are you doing here with this riffraff?
Ariel: I'm going to see Ursula.
Sebastian: Ariel, no! No!
Sebastian: She's a demon! She's a monster!
Ariel: Why don't you go tell my father? You're good at that!
Prince Eric: Well, what do you say? Would you like to join me on a tour of my kingdom tomorrow?
Grimsby: Wonderful! Now, let's eat before this crab wanders off my plate.
Grimsby: Happy Birthday, Eric!
Prince Eric: Uh, gee Grim. It's it's really something!
Grimsby: Yes, I commissioned it myself.
Scuttle: You see the snarfblatt dates back to pre-hysterical times when humans would sit around and stare at each other all day.
Scuttle: got very boring. So they invented this snarfblatt to make fine music, allow me!
Ariel: Music?
Scuttle: It's stuck!
Ariel: Oh, the concert! Oh my gosh my father's gonna kill me!
Flounder: The concert was today?
Sebastian: Like I always say, Your Majesty, "children have got to be free to lead their own lives."
Triton: You always say that, Sebastian?
Sebastian: Tee-hee.
Triton: Well I guess there's one problem left.
Sebastian: And what's that, Your Majesty?
Triton: How much I'm going to miss her.
Triton: Any sign of them?
Seahorse: No, Your Majesty. We searched everywhere. We've found no trace of your daughter or Sebastian.
Triton: Well, keep looking. Leave no shell unturned, no coral unexplored, and let no one in this kingdom sleep until she's safe at home.
Seahorse: Yes, sire.
Triton: Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
Triton: Let's see, now. Oh, who could the lucky merman be?
Triton: Come in, Sebastian.
Scuttle: We're out to discover!
Ariel: What would I give if I could live out of the water. What would I pay to spend a day warm on the sand. Bet'cha on land they understand that they don't reprimand their daughters. Bright young woman, sick of swimmin', ready to stand! And ready to know what the people know, ask 'em my questions and get some answers! What's a fire and why does it... what's the word? Burn! When's it my turn? Wouldn't I love, love to explore that shore up above? Out of the sea, wish I could be part of that world!
Scuttle: Wa wa wa, wa wa!
Prince Eric: Wow. Somebody should find that poor animal and put it out of its misery.
Ariel: Flounder, hurry up!
Ariel: Flounder, you really are a guppy.
Flounder: I am not!
Prince Eric: Did you hear something?
Grimsby: Eric, where are you going?
Prince Eric: I lost her once! I'm not gonna lose her again!
Ariel: Eric, you've gotta get away from here!
Prince Eric: No! I won't leave you!     