
Todd Anderson: Oh captain, my captain.
John Keating: There's a time for daring and there's a time for caution, and a wise man understands which is called for.
McAllister: "Show me the heart unfettered by foolish dreams and I'll show you a happy man."
John Keating: "But only in their dreams can men be truly free. 'Twas always thus, and always thus will be."
McAllister: Tennyson?
John Keating: No, Keating.
John Keating: We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for. To quote from Whitman, "O me! O life!... of the questions of these recurring; of the endless trains of the faithless... of cities filled with the foolish; what good amid these, O me, O life?" Answer. That you are here - that life exists, and identity; that the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse. That the powerful play *goes on* and you may contribute a verse. What will your verse be?
Neil Perry: "I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life."
Charlie Dalton: I'll second that.
Neil Perry: "To put to rout all that was not life; and not, when I had come to die, discover that I had not lived."
John Keating: Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said, "Most men lead lives of quiet desperation." Don't be resigned to that. Break out!
John Keating: No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.
John Keating: Close your eyes, close your eyes! Close 'em! Now, describe what you see.
Todd Anderson: Uh, I-I close my eyes.
John Keating: Yes.
Todd Anderson: Uh, and this image floats beside me.
John Keating: A sweaty-toothed madman.
Todd Anderson: A sweaty-toothed madman with a stare that pounds my brain.
John Keating: Oh, that's *excellent*! Now, give him action - make him do something!
Todd Anderson: H-His hands reach out and choke me.
John Keating: That's it! Wonderful, wonderful!
Todd Anderson: And all the time he's mumbling.
John Keating: What's he mumbling?
Todd Anderson: Mumbling truth.
John Keating: Yeah, yes.
Todd Anderson: Truth like-like a blanket that always leaves your feet cold.
John Keating: Forget them, forget them! Stay with the blanket. Tell me about that blanket!
Todd Anderson: Y-Y-You push it, stretch it, it'll never be enough. You kick at it, beat it, it'll never cover any of us. From the moment we enter crying t-to the moment we leave dying, it'll just cover your face as you wail and cry and scream.
John Keating: Don't you forget this.
John Keating: They're not that different from you, are they? Same haircuts. Full of hormones, just like you. Invincible, just like you feel. The world is their oyster. They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you. Their eyes are full of hope, just like you. Did they wait until it was too late to make from their lives even one iota of what they were capable? Because you see, gentlemen, these boys are now fertilizing daffodils. But if you listen real close, you can hear them whisper their legacy to you. Go on, lean in. Listen. You hear it?... Carpe... Hear it?... Carpe. Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.
Neil Perry: Hey!
Todd Anderson: Hey.
Neil Perry: What's going on?
Todd Anderson: Nothin'. Today's my birthday.
Neil Perry: Is today your birthday? Happy birthday!
Todd Anderson: Thanks.
Neil Perry: What'd you get?
Todd Anderson: My parents gave me this.
Neil Perry: Isn't this the same desk set...
Todd Anderson: Yeah. Yeah, they gave me the same thing as last year.
Neil Perry: Oh.
Todd Anderson: Oh.
Neil Perry: Maybe they thought you needed another one.
Todd Anderson: Maybe they weren't thinking about anything at all. The funny thing is about this is, I-I didn't even like it the first time.
Neil Perry: Todd, I think you're underestimating the value of this desk set.
Neil Perry: I mean, who would want a football or a baseball or...
Todd Anderson: Or a car.
Neil Perry: Or a car, if they could have a desk set as wonderful as this one? I mean, if-if I were ever going to buy a desk set, twice, I would probably buy this one. Both times! In fact, its shape is... it's rather aerodynamic, isn't it?
Neil Perry: You can feel it. This desk set wants to fly!
Neil Perry: Todd? The world's first unmanned flying desk set.
Neil Perry: Oh my! Well, I wouldn't worry. You'll get another one next year.
John Keating: Sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone.
Todd Anderson: O Captain! My Captain!
Mr. Nolan: Sit down, Mr. Anderson! Do you hear me? Sit down! Sit down! This is your final warning, Anderson. How dare you? Do you hear me?
Knox Overstreet: O Captain! My Captain!
Mr. Nolan: Mr. Overstreet, I warn you! Sit down!
Mr. Nolan: Sit down! Sit down. All of you. I want you seated. Sit down. Leave, Mr. Keating. All of you, down. I want you seated. Do you hear me? Sit down!
John Keating: Thank you, boys. Thank you.
John Keating: It's not the Bible, you're not gonna go to Hell for this.
Neil Perry: So what are you going to do? Charlie?
Charlie Dalton: Dammit, Neil, the name is Nuwanda.
John Keating: Now we all have a great need for acceptance, but you must trust that your beliefs are unique, your own, even though others may think them odd or unpopular, even though the herd may go,
John Keating: "that's baaaaad." Robert Frost said, "Two roads diverged in the wood and I, I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference."
John Keating: Why do I stand up here? Anybody?
Charlie Dalton: To feel taller!
John Keating: No!
John Keating: Thank you for playing, Mr. Dalton. I stand upon my desk to remind myself that we must constantly look at things in a different way.
John Keating: This is a battle, a war, and the casualties could be your hearts and souls.
Charlie Dalton: Welton Academy, hello. Yes, he is. Just a moment. Mr. Nolan, it's for you. It's God. He says we should have girls at Welton.
John Keating: Phone call from God. If it had been collect, that would have been daring!
Neil Perry: For the first time in my whole life, I know what I wanna do! And for the first time, I'm gonna do it! Whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem!
John Keating: O Captain, my Captain. Who knows where that comes from? Anybody? Not a clue? It's from a poem by Walt Whitman about Mr. Abraham Lincoln. Now in this class you can either call me Mr. Keating, or if you're slightly more daring, O Captain my Captain.
Charlie Dalton: I'm exercising the right not to walk.
Dalton: Gentlemen, what are the Four Pillars?
Dalton, Meeks, Neil, Knox, Todd Anderson: Travesty. Horror. Decadence. Excrement.
John Keating: I SOUND MY BARBARIC YAWP OVER THE ROOFTOPS OF THE WORLD.
Neil Perry: I just talked to my father. He's making me quit the play at Henley Hall. Acting's everything to me. I- But he doesn't know! He- I can see his point; we're not a rich family, like Charlie's. We- But he's planning the rest of my life for me, and I- He's never asked me what I want!
John Keating: Have you ever told your father what you just told me? About your passion for acting? You ever showed him that?
Neil Perry: I can't.
John Keating: Why not?
Neil Perry: I can't talk to him this way.
John Keating: Then you're acting for him, too. You're playing the part of the dutiful son. Now, I know this sounds impossible, but you have to talk to him. You have to show him who you are, what your heart is!
Neil Perry: I know what he'll say! He'll tell me that acting's a whim and I should forget it. They're counting on me; he'll just tell me to put it out of my mind for my own good.
John Keating: You are not an indentured servant! It's not a whim for you, you prove it to him by your conviction and your passion! You show that to him, and if he still doesn't believe you - well, by then, you'll be out of school and can do anything you want.
Neil Perry: No. What about the play? The show's tomorrow night!
John Keating: Then you have to talk to him before tomorrow night.
Neil Perry: Isn't there an easier way?
John Keating: No.
Neil Perry: I'm trapped!
John Keating: No, you're not.
Hopkins: "The cat sat on the mat".
John Keating: Congratulations, Mr. Hopkins. You have the first poem to ever have a negative score on the Pritchard scale.
Mr. Nolan: Free thinkers at 17?
John Keating: We're not laughing at you. We're laughing near you.
Steven Meeks: I'll try anything once.
Charlie Dalton: Except sex.
John Keating: Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth.
John Keating: Excrement! That's what I think of Mr. J. Evans Pritchard! We're not laying pipe! We're talking about poetry. How can you describe poetry like American Bandstand? "I like Byron, I give him a 42 but I can't dance to it!"
John Keating: I always thought the idea of education was to learn to think for yourself.
Mr. Nolan: At these boys' age? Not on your life!
John Keating: Mr. Anderson! Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole!
Charlie Dalton: It'll help you get Chris!
Knox Overstreet: Yeah? How?
Charlie Dalton: Women swoon!
Knox Overstreet: But why do they swoon?
Knox Overstreet: Charlie, tell me why they swoon!
Neil Perry: I was good. I was really good.
Knox Overstreet: The point, Charlie... is... that she was thinking about me. I've only met her once, and already she's thinking about me.
John Keating: Carpe diem, seize the day. Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.
John Keating: Now, don't just walk off the edge like lemmings! Look around you!
John Keating: Language was developed for one endeavor, and that is... Mr. Anderson? Come on, are you a man or an amoeba?
John Keating: Mr. Perry?
Neil Perry: To communicate.
John Keating: No! To woo women!
John Keating: I was the intellectual equivalent of a 98-pound weakling! I would go to the beach and people would kick copies of Byron in my face!
Neil Perry: If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.
Mr. Perry: We're trying very hard to understand why it is that you insist on defying us. Whatever the reason, we're not gonna let you ruin your life. Tomorrow I'm withdrawing you from Welton and enrolling you in Braighton Military School. You're going to Harvard, and you're gonna be a doctor.
Neil Perry: But, that's ten more years! Father, that's a *lifetime*!
Mr. Perry: Oh, stop it! Don't be so dramatic! You make it sound like a prison term! You don't understand, Neil! You have opportunities that I never even dreamt of, and I am not going to let you waste them!
Neil Perry: I've got to tell you what I feel!
Mrs. Perry: We've been so worried about you!
Mr. Perry: *What*? What? Tell me what you feel! What is it? Is it more of this, this *acting* business? Because you can forget that! What?
Neil Perry: Nothing.
Mr. Perry: Nothing? Well, then, let's go to bed.
John Keating: Mr. Pitts, would you open your hymnal to page 542 and read the first stanza of the poem you find there.
Gerard Pitts: "To the Virgins to Make Much of Time"?
John Keating: Yes, that's the one. Somewhat appropriate, isn't it?
Gerard Pitts: Too bad.
Knox Overstreet: It's worse than "too bad," Pittsie. It's a tragedy. A girl this beautiful in love with such a jerk.
Gerard Pitts: All the good ones go for jerks. You know that.
Dr. Hagar: That wouldn't be a radio in your lap, would it, Mr. Pitts?
Gerard Pitts: No, sir, science experiment... Radar!
Knox Overstreet: C'mon, Chris, just give me one chance. If you don't like me after tonight I'll stay away forever.
Chris Noel: Uh-huh.
Knox Overstreet: I promise. Dead Poets Honor. You come with me tonight and then if you don't wanna see me again I swear I'll bow out.
Chris Noel: You know what would happen if Chet found out?
Knox Overstreet: He won't know anything. We'll sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it's over.
Chris Noel: And I suppose you would promise that this would be the end of it.
Knox Overstreet: Dead Poets Honor.
Chris Noel: What is that?
Knox Overstreet: My word.
Todd Anderson: The point is, that there's nothing you can do about it. So you can just butt out. I can take care of myself just fine. All right?
Neil Perry: No.
Todd Anderson: What do you mean 'no'?
Neil Perry: No!
Richard Cameron: Hey Neal, business as usual huh? I heard you got the new kid. He looks like a stiff!
Richard Cameron: Oops!
Todd Anderson: Mr. Keating! They made everybody sign it.
Mr. Nolan: Quiet, Mr. Anderson.
Todd Anderson: You gotta believe me. It's true.
John Keating: I do believe you, Todd.
Mr. Nolan: Leave, Mr. Keating.
Todd Anderson: But it wasn't his fault!
Mr. Nolan: Sit down, Mr. Anderson! One more outburst from you or anyone else, and you're out of this school! Leave, Mr. Keating.
Neil Perry: You're in the club! Being in the club means being stirred up by things! You look about as stirred up as a cesspool!
Gloria: Don't you guys miss having girls around here?
Meeks, Pitts: Yeah.
Steven Meeks: Me and Pitts are working on a hi-fi system. It shouldn't be that hard to, uh, to put together.
Gerard Pitts: Yeah... Uh, I might be going to Yale... Uh, but I might not.
Todd Anderson: Keating said that everybody took turns reading and I don't wanna do that.
Neil Perry: Gosh, you really have a problem with that, don't you?
Todd Anderson: N-No, I don't have a problem, Neil. I just... I don't wanna do it, okay?
Knox Overstreet: Chris, you can't be in here. If they catch you, we're both gonna be in big trouble.
Chris Noel: Oh, but it's fine...
Knox Overstreet: Shh, sh, Chris...
Chris Noel: Oh, but it's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a complete fool out of me?
Knox Overstreet: I didn't mean to make a fool out of you.
Chris Noel: Well, you did; Chet found out, and it took everything I could do to keep him from coming out here and killing you. Knox, you have got to stop this stuff!
Knox Overstreet: I can't, Chris; I love you.
Chris Noel: Knox, you say that over and over; you don't - you don't even know me!
John Keating: Will you be joining us, Mr. Overstreet?
Knox Overstreet: Go ahead, Captain, I'll walk.
Chris Noel: Knox, Knox, it just so happens that I could care less about you.
Knox Overstreet: Then you wouldn't be here warning me about Chet.
Chris Noel: I have to go; I'll be late for the play.
Knox Overstreet: Are you going with him?
Chris Noel: Chet, to a play? Are you kidding?
Knox Overstreet: Then come with me.
Chris Noel: Knox, you are so infuriating!
Knox Overstreet: Come on, Chris, just give me one chance. If you don't like me after tonight, I'll stay away forever.
Chris Noel: Uh huh.
Knox Overstreet: I promise: Dead Poets' Honor. You come with me tonight, and then, if you don't want to see me again, I swear, I'll bow out.
Chris Noel: You know what would happen if Chet found out?
Knox Overstreet: He won't know anything. We'll sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it's over.
Chris Noel: And I suppose you would promise that this would be the end of it...
Knox Overstreet: Dead Poets' Honor.
Chris Noel: What is that?
Knox Overstreet: My word.
Todd Anderson: You want me out? Fine, I'm out.
Neil Perry: No, I want you in, but being in means you have to do something. Not just saying you're in.
Richard Cameron: You can't save Keating, but you can save yourselves!
Chet Danburry: Next time I see you, you die.
Nolan: Gentlemen, what are the Four Pillars?
Crowd: Tradition. Honor. Discipline. Excellence.
Richard Cameron: What's going on, guys?
Charlie Dalton: You finked, didn't you, Cameron?
Richard Cameron: Finked? I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
Charlie Dalton: You told Nolan everything about the club, is what I'm talking about!
Richard Cameron: Look! In case you hadn't heard, Dalton, there's something called an honor code at this school, all right? If a teacher asks you a question, you tell the truth, or you're expelled.
Charlie Dalton: You...!
Knox Overstreet: Charlie!
Charlie Dalton: He's a rat! He's in it up to his eyes, so he ratted to save himself!
Knox Overstreet: Don't touch him, Charlie; you do, and you're out.
Charlie Dalton: I'm out anyway!
Knox Overstreet: You don't know that, not yet!
Richard Cameron: He's right there, Charlie. And if you guys are smart, you will do exactly what I did and cooperate! They're not after us, we're the victims... us and Neil.
Charlie Dalton: What's that mean, who are they after?
Richard Cameron: Why, Mr. Keating, of course. The Captain himself! You guys didn't really think he could avoid responsibilty, did you?
Charlie Dalton: Mr. Keating responsible for Neil? Is that what they're saying?
Richard Cameron: Well, who else do you think, dumbass? The administration? Mr. Perry? Mr. Keating put us up to all this crap, didn't he? If it wasn't for Mr. Keating, Neil would be cozied up in his room right now, studying his chemistry, and dreaming of being called Doctor.
Charlie Dalton: That is not true, Cameron; you know that! He didn't put us up to anything. Neil loved acting!
Richard Cameron: Believe what you want, but I say, let Keating fry! I mean, why ruin our lives?
Richard Cameron: You juat signed your expulsion papers, Nuwanda! And if the rest of you are smart, you'll do exactly what I did! They know everything anyway; you can't save Keating, but you can save yourselves.
    