
Raphina: Your problem is that you're not happy being sad, but that's what love is, Cosmo: happy-sad.
Conor: It's like, when you don't know someone, they're more interesting. They can be anything you want them to be.
Eamon: Yeah?
Conor: But when you know them, there's limits to them.
Raphina: You can never do anything by half. Do you understand that?
Brendan: Do you see that guitar? I used to be able to play that guitar well. I used to ride hot girls. I could run 200 meters faster than anybody in my school. You're the youngest. You get to follow the path that I macheted through the jungle that is our mad family. I was alone with them for six years. You think they're crazy now? Think about what they were like when they were in their late 20s. Two Catholics in a rented flat with a screaming baby who just got married because they wanted to have sex. They didn't even love each other. I was in the middle of that, alone! And then you came along, thank God! And you followed the path that I cut for us. Untouched. You just moved in my jet stream. And people laugh at me, Conor. The stoner, the college dropout. And they praise you, which is fine! But once, I was a fucking jet engine!
Conor: You only have the power to stop things, but not to create.
Conor: Maybe you're living in my world. I'm not living in yours. You're just material for my songs.
Brendan: Rock and roll is a risk. You risk being ridiculed.
Darren: What does "happy-sad" even mean? How can we be both things? It makes no sense.
Conor: It means that I'm stuck in this shithole full of morons and rapists and bullies, and I'm gonna deal with it, okay? It's just how life is. I'm gonna try and accept it and get on with it, and make some art.
Eamon: So how does that affect our music?
Conor: Positively.
Brendan: Did the Sex Pistols know how to play? You don't need to know how to play. Who are you, Steely Dan? You need to learn how NOT to play, Conor. That's the trick. That's rock and roll. And THAT... takes practice.
Conor: What about "La Vie"?
Darren: What's that mean?
Conor: It's French for "The Life."
Garry: What's French for, uh, "That's not gonna be the name of the band"?
Conor: "Ce n'est pas le nom du groupe."
Garry: There you go.
Eamon: I've a good joke for you guys. Vagina. Do you get it?
Garry: No.
Eamon: Exactly.
Brendan: Look at her. She races home every evening just to catch that last little bit of sun, have a cigarette and read her papers. She's always talking about going on a holiday to Spain, but he never takes her. That's all she gets. Then that tall tree blocks it, and she comes in. I often wonder what she's thinking about.
Brendan: How d'you know he's her boyfriend anyway?
Conor: It seemed like it. Pulled off in his car, music blaring. He's pretty cool.
Brendan: What was he listening to?
Conor: Genesis.
Brendan: He will not be a problem.
Conor: Really?
Brendan: Trust me. No woman can truly love a man who listens to Phil Collins.
Eamon: We could rehearse here 'cause my da's in Saint John of Gods.
Darren: Is that a pub?
Eamon: No, Darren. It's a place where alcoholics go to get off the drink, and stop beating their wives and kids.
Darren: Right.
Eamon: And neighbors.
Raphina: You should come and visit us. You seem like a mad bastard.
Eamon: It's me da's show band outfit.
Garry: So it's a gay band? Okay.
Conor: Coming from the one who wants to look like the Village People.
Garry: What's gay about the Village People?
Brendan: This is life, Conor. Drive it like you stole it.
Conor: I think she's this amazing human being. Never seen anyone like her. The way she talks and looks. She wears these sunglasses, and when she takes them off, her eyes... are like the clouds clearing to let pass the moon.
Brendan: Ffuuh...
Conor: Sometimes I just wanna cry lookin' at her.
Conor: Will you help me write a song?
Eamon: Always.
Eamon: So how do you mean you're "happy-sad"?
Darren: Yeah, how're we supposed to market that?
Conor: It means we're not pop anymore.
Eamon: We were pop? Listen, I'm happy being anything. I just want to play music.
Conor: That's fine. Be who you are, Eamon.
Eamon: Well, I don't know who I am. Maybe I'm happy-sad, too. I don't know.
Eamon: Or Duran Duran. What do you think of them?
Conor: Jury is out on which way those guys'll go. They're a lot of fun, and James Taylor is one of the most proficient bass players in the UK at the moment, giving them a funky edge.
Eamon: John Taylor.
Conor: Yeah, John! Of course!
Robert: Do you know what the Christian Brothers' motto is? "Viriliter age." Do you know what that means?
Brendan: "Let's rape our students?"
Robert: No, Brendan, it doesn't. It means "act manly."
Brendan: You want to have actual sexual intercourse, right?
Conor: Yeah. What, what?
Brendan: The girl. It's all about the girl, isn't it?
Conor: Yeah, the girl, yeah.
Brendan: And you're gonna use somebody else's art to get her? Are you kidding?
Brendan: Think big, Conor. This is just a means to an end. And she looks amazing. She's got to be in all the videos.
Conor: Yeah?
Brendan: Oh, yeah. She's world class. Without her, you're just a bunch of gay-looking kids down an alleyway.
Brother Baxter: Head down to the toilet and remove the makeup right now.
Conor: Why?
Brother Baxter: Because I told you to.
Conor: But I'm in a band. It's a school band, and I think it's important that we have a look.
Brother Baxter: You're a man. Men don't wear makeup.
Conor: But why not? People in the 18th century wore makeup. That means people like Mozart wore makeup, and he was a man.
Conor: Anyway, what about the band?
Eamon: The band will be fine. Just go to London and get a record deal, come back and get us out of this shithole.
Conor: That's not a bad idea, actually.
Conor: Ok, so this is our last song. It's called Brown Shoes. And it's for every Christian Brother and for every bully you ever knew.
Evan: What style would you say you were?
Conor: I'm a futurist.
Evan: Epic. See you in the future, then.
Raphina: Jesus Christ, what are you all wearing?
Conor: Yeah, we're just working that out, so... maybe you can help.
Conor: D'you wanna write a new song?
Eamon: Yes, I do.
Poster: Futurist Band Forming. Looking for bass player, drummer and keyboard. Own instruments not essential as we have them. Influences include Depeche Mode, Duran Duran and many more! Contact management solutions: 361 at St. Teresa's Gardens. No telephone. Just call in.     