
Leila: Don't get any ideas!... Hey, I'm just trying to stay dry here. If there was any other place to go, believe me, I'd be there. As soon as the rain lets up, I'll be gone from here and from you.
D: I think I can guess your problem. Your family was the victim of vampires.
Leila: You don't know what you're talking about. You don't know anything about it.
D: All right. Perhaps I don't.
Leila: This stupid thing, it bothers me... You really are a weird one, you know that? In spite of being a dunpeal hunter and all that that entails. How did you know about my mother?
D: You called her name, remember?
Leila: She was kidnapped by vampires. My father went after her and was trying to rescue her, so they killed him. And after a while my mother returned, but she wasn't my mother anymore; she'd been changed. The people in the village stoned her to death while I watched. After that I left home. I met the Marcus brothers and joined with them. I wanted to be a hunter to avenge my parents' deaths. I've seen many terrible things since then: lives destroyed, families devastated, hopes crushed... everytime, it seems avampire is to blame.
D: I can understand why you'd choose to do it. But the life of a hunter is no kind of life.
Leila: It's the only life I'm any good for now. And it looks like it's the only life you've ever known. So I suggest we make a pact, since we're both in it for the long haul: whoever dies first, the other one can come and bring flowers to their grave. How's that?... It's the rain, makes me sentimental. I don't know why I should care about that - it's just I love flowers. And I don't think I'll be getting any, I'm all alone after all. We have that much in common, don't we? That we're both hunters and we're both alone. Oh well, I'm being silly, doesn't really matter...
D: I'll do it. I'll bring you flowers if I survive this... but I don't expect to.
Leila: Stop, I didn't really mean it when I said that. And anyway, I don't really understand why you should keep on doing this.
D: Because I'm a dunpeal. I don't get to have a life, not like you.
Girl: Hey, mister! Wait! Mister, wait! Um, excuse me, sir, but I was wondering if you knew my grandmother Leila... Yes. It's you, isn't it? My grandmother told me about you. So, I'd be honoured if you could come to our house. My father would be so happy...
D: I appreciate the kindness.
Girl: Oh, come on, we don't live very far...
D: I just came to keep a promise I made to an old friend. She was afraid no one would mourn her death. I'm glad she was so wrong.
Girl: Okay, I guess I see... anyway, thank you for coming.
Girl: Goodbye. Goodbye!
Left Hand: Well, that was nice. You're not so bad after all... you just dress bad.
Meier Link: When the last vampire is extinct, who will mourn our passing? Will she? Will anyone? Can anyone understand this pain, this loneliness?
Left Hand: Getting close... the Castle of Chaythe. Soon we'll be able to see it: the home of Carmilla, the Bloody Countess. You've heard of her. For five thousand years her rule of terror lasted, and then, that was that! Your father, the Vampire King, grew angry. He was impatient with her vanity; offended by her bloodlust, her gluttony. He grew so tired that he killed her while she slept, impaling her on a sword, and that was it for her. Except she haunts the place now with phantoms and demons... But you don't care about that, do you? But I bet I know what really gets to you, dunpeal. What REALLY gets to you - the thought of those two lovebirds having another dunpeal, huh? That's it. You see, I know you. I know how you think, I know how you feel, I know every move you make. You can't...
Title card: The distant future... vampires rule the night, but their numbers are dwindling. With huge bounties on their heads, a class of hunters has emerged: Bounty Hunters. One hunter is unlike the rest. He is a dunpeal: a half-human half-vampire. At war with himself, feared by all, tortured and alone, he is... Vampire Hunter D.
Meier Link: You look so beautiful.
Charlotte: Why stop? I want you, Meier, I want ALL of you... Why not?
Meier Link: You don't know what it's like, Charlotte, to live forever in darkness eternal, forever thirsting for blood despite your best intention. I can't imagine that life for you. Not for you, Charlotte.
Charlotte: You're so selfish, Meier. I carry a heavy weight on my conscience. Those villagers and the bounty hunter and my family - they still mourn my loss, Meier.
Meier Link: It wasn't your doing, Charlotte. It was my fault entirely.
Charlotte: Well, then, we're both to blame. Because we can't know happiness, not anymore. I wanted you to be happy, Meier, and so I abandoned my father and my brother for you. But their pain set the wheels in motion for our pain, and so on and on it goes... All we have is each other now, and I want to be close to you. Without that we have nothing. All the pain I've caused and all the agony I feel is nothing, now! And you are everything to me, my love!
Meier Link: We'll talk more on our trip to the stars, if that's all right with you.
Left Hand: I don't know about you, but man I sure miss that horse. What was his name?
Left Hand: Oh, oh the silent treatment, huh? Well I got two words for you: Heat Syndrome. Look, look, I know I'm a parasite, but haven't I always been a helpful parasite? Now you may not care if you die from heat, but becoming a piece of beef jerky is not a lifelong ambition of mine!
Left Hand: Yeah, well, what's the sound of one hand yapping?
Leila: Kyle, why don't you start back without me? There's something I want to do here first.
Leila: Back off.
Kyle: Have I told you you're quite irresistable in that sexy skintight getup?
Leila: No, tell me about it.
Kyle: I just did. You make sure you watch your back with that guy, Leila.
Borgoff: Beautiful. Just Beautiful. I applaud you, stranger. Tell me what you're doing here. If we're in the same game, we should be friends. Tell me your name. Mine's Borgoff. Borgoff Markus.
D: D.
Carmila: Dunpeal Hunter! Your mother was human, but your father was a vampire and you're betraying his ancient blood. You side with humans against us. Our people are facing extinction, and you are contributing to their demise. You stalk and kill your own ancestors, dunpeal. You should be ashamed! Your human self is your weaker self! Humans are nothing more than livestock, we prey on them as they prey on beast! This is the rule of nature!
D: Your time is coming to an end. Your kind must face extinction. You cannot survive, you must die. THAT is the rule of nature.
Carmila: Ah. Very strong words for a dunpeal, but you seem to forget: our spirits are eternal.
D: No, Carmilla. Nothing lasts forever.
Carmila: I see. I should have known better than to reason with your kind, dunpeal hunter. I guess my only option is to use force!
Meier Link: She is here by her own choice, dunpeal. So unless you're the kind of man who would take a woman against her will for the money in it - and I am sure it's a lot - I suggest you save your sorry ass now and leave us to travel in peace.
D: I would if I could believe you, Meier. Your credibility, however, is less than impeccable under the circumstances. You kidnapped the girl.
Meier Link: I don't want you to worry about these wounds of mine. They will heal. And then we shall go to the City of Night and Distant Stars. When we go there we can be alone, and free to love each other.
Meier Link: It's true, believe me. We'll be there soon.
D: It may be too late for her. Your sister may already have been tempted. What then?
Alan Elbourne: You have to get there before that happens, what do you think we're paying you for?
John Elbourne: That's enough!... My son is emotional, please excuse him. This has been difficult for all of us. If you knew my daughter, you'd understand. She's kind and beautiful, and her loss is more than this old soul can bear. Now, I need to ask you something: if you find her changed, can you see that her death is without suffering. Be kind to her, please.
Alan Elbourne: No! No, we can't do that! It isn't right! No, she won't be changed! You're talking about your own daughter!
John Elbourne: Alan, listen to me. It's not easy to ask him for this, but it's something that must be done. I'm sorry. Do you understand?
Caroline: Now that cleared my head. I really should return the favor, don't you think, honey?
Leila: Where is he taking her?
D: Away from here.
Left Hand: You're an unexpectedly sentimental guy. Well, everybody has a weakness.
Caroline: Resistance is futile. You'll go to hell one step ahead of the dhampir!
Left Hand: D? Are you awake?
D: I need your help... to swallow up this spell.
Left Hand: You're a slave driver, you know that?
Borgoff: Ready or not, here they come. It's Zombie Time.
Kyle: Yeah. Come and get it, zombies!
Nolt: Amen to that.
D: I am here for the young woman.
Meier Link: I wouldn't recommend it, dunpeal. Taking on a vampire at night is a mission for morons and fools. Which are you?
Left Hand: Did you ever hear the expression "Too close for comfort"? That was damn uncomfortable.
Kyle: I have a very bad feeling about this.
Borgoff: How so?
Kyle: I think I've finally figured it out, Borgoff.
Borgoff: Well, I'm sure you're right... if you're thinking they're headed for the Castle.
Kyle: Yeah, that's right, the Castle. The Castle of Chaythe. WHAT ARE YOU THINKING? WE CAN'T GO IN THERE, IT WOULD BE SUICIDE! IT WOULD BE INSANE!
Borgoff: What are you now, afraid of a little insanity? Since when have we been sane? We just have to get to them before they reach the Castle.
Borgoff: Hey, did you ever hear the one about the owl and the squirrel? The squirrel works all summer storing away stuff for the winter; all kinds of nuts and seeds. Works real hard. Then one day, just before the first snow, he goes outside for one last look around, when all of a sudden this owl swoops down and grabs him, carries him off.
Borgoff: 'Ah, what a shame' says the squirrel 'what's going to happen to all that good food?'
Benge: Follow me Tinker-bell.
Benge: I'm waiting for you.
Benge: Hm?
Polk: Listen to me, whether you want to hear it or not. You weren't even born when this happened. Do yourself a favor & listen to the story.
Polk: I'm going to tell you about the time when the children were kidnapped; there were 10 children all together.
Sheriff: Yeah, I heard about that time.
Polk: Kidnappers turned out to be vampires; of course. And so the townspeople pooled their money to hire a vampire hunter. They wanted the best.
Polk: And when the hunter came, he was a very strong & quiet man; & he did his job too, which was to return the children safely back into their parents homes. It wasn't easy, but many vampires died by his hands before this job was over with. And when it was over, & the children were back home, the people attacked the man. They said he was a Dunpeal, half vampire, himself.
Polk: So they punished him.
Sheriff: Can't say I blame them for doing that.
Sheriff: You can't trust 'em! That's all that's about.
Sheriff: You're right about that part, Polk
Polk: He did the Job.
Polk: I see then I'll have to take matters
Polk: into my own hands. Let him go!
Polk: I can tell you, I won't think twice about using this weapon. I might even enjoy it.
Polk: Get on your horse, stranger.
D: Thank you.
Polk: No, it's only fitting I Thank you. It's the least I can do.
Polk: I may be just an Old Fool now, stranger, but I can never forget a face like yours.
Polk: And I'll never forget what you'd done for me back then.
Polk: That's right. I was one of them kids!
Polk: And I always felt bad about that. The way you was treated. How nobody stopped ya; nobody thanked you. Instead the ignorant bastards, ran you right out of our town!
Polk: So it's true, isn't it, what they say about you Dunpeal's: you don't age.
Polk: Now go, I'm getting tired.
Left Hand: Sweet Blasphemy, Sand Mantas galore! Talk about your prehistoric pigeons. And they're filthy animals, y'know, they're just filthy!
D: Who hired the Barbarois? Who were you working for?
Mashira: It was Carmilla who hired us. And as a Barbarois, my duty has been fulfilled. Now I can die in peace.
D: Stop right there, Meier. I'm taking her back, back to her family who loved her.
Meier Link: She knew I loved her best of all. You can't understand it. You've never loved a human.
D: I've never killed one, either.
Meier Link: You should bear in mind, D, that your struggle to resist our nature can't last forever. One day, the urge for their blood will be stronger.
D: And when that day comes, another will hunt me. It's as simple as that.
Carmila: That's it. That is the ship. It will take you to the City of the Night, where you can live peacefully at last. You can be happy there. There was a time, many years ago, when every castle had a ship like this one and the night sky was full of their flashing lights. Those were the days when vampires flourished, and a love like yours was not so desperately impossible. So different from today... Our numbers dwindling, hunted and alone, we're hopelessly misunderstood - but you two seem to have beaten the odds. I'm very, very happy for you. The ship hasn't been used in years, I've no idea if it will fly safely. But I'm sure that's a risk you're prepared to take.     