
Commisar Danilov: I've been such a fool, Vassili. Man will always be a man. There is no new man. We tried so hard to create a society that was equal, where there'd be nothing to envy your neighbour. But there's always something to envy. A smile, a friendship, something you don't have and want to appropriate. In this world, even a Soviet one, there will always be rich and poor. Rich in gifts, poor in gifts. Rich in love, poor in love.
Nikita Khrushchev: My name... is Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev. I've come to take things in hand here. This city... is not Kursk, nor is it Kiev, nor Minsk. This city... is Stalingrad. *Stalingrad*! This city bears the name of the Boss. It's more than a city, it's a symbol. If the Germans... capture this city... the entire country will collapse. Now... I want our boys to raise their heads. I want them to act like they have *balls*! I want them to stop shitting their pants! That's your job. As political officers... I'm counting on you.
Nikita Khrushchev: You. What's your suggestion?
Sweating Officer: Sh-shoot all the other generals who have retreated, and their chiefs of staff, too.
Stammering Officer: M-m-m-make some examples. D-d-d-d-d-d-deport the families of the d-d-d-deserters -
Nikita Khrushchev: Yes, that's all been done.
Danilov: Give them hope!
Danilov: Here, the men's only choice is between German bullets and ours. But there's another way. The way of courage. The way of love of the Motherland. We must publish the army newspaper again. We must tell magnificent stories, stories that extol sacrifice, bravery. We must make them believe in the victory. We must give them hope, pride, a desire to fight. Yes... we need to make examples. But examples to *follow*. What we need...
Danilov: ... are heroes.
Nikita Khrushchev: Do you know any heroes around here?
Danilov: Yes, comrade. I know one.
Nikita Khrushchev: You won't give up the river bank. I don't care if you lost half your men. Lose the other half. Lose yourself.
Vassili Zaitsev: On the train... coming here... we were in the same car.
Tania Chernova: No...
Vassili Zaitsev: I saw you. You were reading and you fell asleep. Oh, I didn't dare look at you, you were so beautiful. It was scary. Afterwards, I couldn't stop thinking about you. It made me smile. And then I thought of all the men who would get to hold you, who would make you laugh... how lucky they were. And now I'm the one lying next to you.
Major König: He isn't dead, and do you know why? Because I haven't killed him yet.
Officer #1: The one with the rifle shoots!
Officer #2: One out of two gets rifle.
Officer #1: The one without, follows him! When the one with the rifle gets killed, the one who is following picks up the rifle and shoots!
Commisar Danilov: Do you know how to shoot?
Vassili Zaitsev: A little.
Nikita Khrushchev: Vodka is a luxury we have. Caviar is a luxury we have. Time is not.
Vassili Zaitsev: All these men here know they're going to die. So, each night when they make it back, it's a bonus. So, every cup of tea, every cigarette is like a little celebration. You just have to accept that.
Vassili Zaitsev: Sad to have a dream you know won't happen.
Title Card: Several times decorated with the Order of Lenin, Vassilli Zaitsev was lated elevated to the rank of Hero of the Soviet Union. His rifle can still be seen today at the Stalingrad History Museum, among the great symbols of the victory over Nazi Germany.
Red Army General: I carried out my orders. I sent in all of my boys. But the Germans engulfed us. They have artillery, aircraft, tanks. And me, what did I have?
Nikita Khrushchev: A sacred duty to resist! I have to report to the Boss.
Nikita Khrushchev: Perhaps you'd prefer to avoid the red tape.
Nikita Khrushchev: Write it then - "Vasilli Zaitsev is *not* dead. This is what he had for breakfast this morning, here's a picture of him reading today's newspaper." You're the poet.
Koulikov: Nobody gives a shit about the telephone guys. I mean it's like us with the Ukrainians.
Commisar Danilov: I want to help you, Vassili. Let me do one last thing, something useful for a change.
Commisar Danilov: Let me show you where the Major is.
General Paulus: My army is not designed for this kind of fighting. Yesterday, yet again I had to promote 25 sergeants to replace the officers shot down by the sharpshooters. Those snipers are demoralizing my people. This city is no more than a heap of ruins, but the Fuhrer's persisting. We should trust the fuhrer's instinct, he always managed to lead us to victory. We shall be at home for Christmas. How are you going to go about finding this young Russian?
Major König: I'll fix it so that he's the one who finds me.
Vassili Zaitsev: He shot him on the run. It was an impossible shot.
Commisar Danilov: Vassili...
Vassili Zaitsev: You've promised people a victory I can't deliver. I don't stand a chance against this man.
Vassili Zaitsev: On this day, September 20th 1942, a young shepherd boy from the Urals arrived in the city of Stalingrad on the banks of the Volga. His name is Vassilij Zaitzev. Like thousands before him he came to answer comrade Stalin's call. Armed only with a rifle, he quickly made the fascist invader realise that from now on he would be punished for every step he took in the motherland, that from here on the only way was back.
Major König: Once again, he knew exactly where to find me. Don't you think that's strange? Apart from me, only you knew.
Vassili Zaitsev: In the forest, the wolf lives for three years and the donkey for nine.
Tania Chernova: That must be a proverb from the Urals. It makes no sense to me.
Vassili Zaitsev: The donkey lives longer because he's more useful.
Tania Chernova: There aren't any donkeys in the forest. You made it up.
Vassili Zaitsev: He doesn't know you exist, but at that moment you're closer to him than anyone else on earth. You see his face through the sign. You see whether he shaved or not. You can see whether he's married if he's got a wedding ring. It's not like firing at a distant shape. It's not just a uniform. It's a man's face. Those faces don't go away. They come back and they get replaced by more faces.
Tania Chernova: I knew you weren't dead.
Vassili Zaitsev: How?
Tania Chernova: Because we've only just met. I prayed for the first time since I was a little girl. When I opened my eyes Sacha was standing there waiting to give me the good news. I think he loves you even more than I do.
Vassili Zaitsev: Tania, no!
Tania Chernova: No, get off me. Get off me!
Vassili Zaitsev: It's what he wants. This is what he wants.
Tania Chernova: Get off me! Let me go!
Vassili Zaitsev: No! He'll kill you. He'll kill you and then I'll run after you and he'll kill me too. This is what he wants. I'll get him. I promise I'll get him. I'll get his rifle for you. I promise, Tania.
Vassili Zaitsev: Ludmilla and Anton were killed today. And it was my fault.
Commisar Danilov: No, I'm sure that's not true.
Vassili Zaitsev: It was a German sniper. I walked them right into his trap.
Commisar Danilov: What else can you tell me?
Vassili Zaitsev: He didn't relocate. A sniper who doesn't relocate isn't normal. He was very good. It wasn't just his shooting, it was his instinct. He was a step ahead of me all the time.
Commisar Danilov: That's because he knows everything about you. His name is Konig. Major Konig. They've sent them here to find you.
Grandfather: I am a stone. I do not move. Very slowly, I put snow in my mouth. Then he won't see my breath. I take my time. I let him come closer. I have only one bullet. I aim at his eye. Very gently, my finger presses on the trigger. I do not tremble. I have no fear. I'm a big boy now. Ready Vassili? Now, Vassili, fire!
Koulikov: Son of a bitch! These are new pants. I just took them off a captain from the 251st yesterday.
Commisar Danilov: Where have you been? We've been looking all over for you.
Vassili Zaitsev: Oh, did you hear? I was dead. At least, Noble Sniper Zeitsev, Vassili was dead.
Nikita Khruschev: Look at him with pride, because he's looking at you. The whole country is looking at you.
Vassili Zaitsev: Shouldn't we try and make the point that I'm not the only one fighting?
Commisar Danilov: That's an excellent idea. We can take it even further though. Your battle for the production of coal is as worthy as mine. There's no 'k' in coal. Just one 'l'. Tell me if I'm going too fast.
Vassili Zaitsev: No, you're not going too fast. Is there any other improvements?
Mother Filipov: Why don't you get some rest? These letters can wait until tomorrow.
Vassili Zaitsev: We should carry on. We're not tired. Thank you, Mrs. Filipov. These people took the trouble to write to us. Tomorrow we might not be around to write back.
Vassili Zaitsev: Autumn, 1942. Europe lies crushed beneath the Nazi jackboot. The German Third Reich is at the height of its power. Hitler's Armies are charging through the heart of the Soviet Union towards the oil fields of Asia. One last obstacle remains, a city on the Volga, where the fate of the world is being decided - Stalingrad.
Koulikov: You see, they're stubborn. That's the good thing about the Germans. Man, you got to admin, when they get an idea in their heads...
Reporters: Vassily!
Nikita Khrushchev: Come to my hand!
Reporters: Did you come to volunteer?
Nikita Khrushchev: Put you cap back on you! You'll look more heroic!
Reporters: Comrade Zaytsev!
Nikita Khrushchev: I love this little fella!
Reporters: Vassily! Was it true that you volunteered for the front?
Reporters: Vassily! How old are you, Vassily?
Reporters: You know what this true mean for our country?
Reporters: Is it true that you killed the first wolf when you were 5?
Reporters: Tell us how many fascists have you killed today!
Nikita Khrushchev: It's a sign that the Germans are starting to shit their pants!
Reporters: Tell us how are you going to deal with it!
Vasilli: Eh, I...
Nikita Khrushchev: Oh, enough! No...
Reporters: One more question...
Nikita Khrushchev: Take him to the Boss! He likes good hunting stories!
Nikita Khrushchev: Look at him with pride! 'Cause Stalin's looking at you. The whole country is looking at you!
Vassili Zaitsev: That's me.
Vassili Zaitsev: "Vassili Zaitsev." That's me!
Danilov: No, you're not dreaming! It's your name! We made the front page! They haven't changed a word! Do you have any idea what this means? It's not the back page. It's not the second page. It's the front page.
Danilov, Vassili Zaitsev: The front page!
Danilov: They're going to reprint our article everywhere, in the Caucasus, in the Crimea... even in the Urals!
Danilov: Tomorrow morning, Stalin himself will be sitting over breakfast, reading my words, memorizing your name. We're famous, Vassili. Khrushchev loved the article. He's promoted me to the General Staff... and you... to sniper division.
Vassili Zaitsev: Well, that's good.
Danilov: It's *very* good.
Vassili Zaitsev: It's very good. It's great.
Danilov: It's *very* great!
Vassili Zaitsev: It's great!
Danilov: It's great!
Vassili Zaitsev: It's great!
Danilov: For *both* of us, because we did it together.
Danilov: Together. Although, admittedly, I did all the hard work.
Vassili Zaitsev: Oh, yeah?
Danilov: You know, you're very lucky I can't fight back.
Vassili Zaitsev: Why's that?
Danilov: Because Khrushchev told me to make sure that nothing happens to you! You're too important!
Vassili Zaitsev: I'm too valuable!
Danilov: Yes! Careful of my - careful of my glasses, please. They're new.
Vassili Zaitsev: Sorry, sir.
Danilov: I'm sorr -
Danilov: I'm famous!
Vassili Zaitsev: *I'm* famous!
Danilov: *We're* famous!
Vassili Zaitsev: *I'm* famous!
Danilov: We're famous!
Vassili Zaitsev: We're famous!     