
Erik Lehnsherr: Excuse me, I'm Erik Lehnsherr.
Professor Charles Xavier: Charles Xavier.
Logan: Go fuck yourself.
Professor Charles Xavier: Shaw's declared war on mankind on all of us, he has to be stopped.
Erik Lehnsherr: I am not gonna stop Shaw, I am gonna kill him. Do you have it in you to allow that?
Erik Lehnsherr: You known all along why I was here Charles, but things have changed. What started as a covert of mission, tomorrow mankind will know mutants exist. Shaw, us, they won't differentiate. They'll fear us. And that fear will turn to hatred.
Professor Charles Xavier: Not if we stop a war, not if we can prevent Shaw, not if we risk our lives doing so.
Erik Lehnsherr: Would they do the same for us?
Professor Charles Xavier: We have it in us to be the better man.
Erik Lehnsherr: We already are! We are the next stage of human evolution, you said it yourself...
Professor Charles Xavier: No, no...
Erik Lehnsherr: Are you really so naive as to think that they won't battle their own extinction? Or is it arrogance?
Professor Charles Xavier: I am sorry.
Erik Lehnsherr: After tomorrow, they are gonna turn on us. But you are blinded because you believe they are all like Moira.
Professor Charles Xavier: And you believe they are all like Shaw.
Professor Charles Xavier: Listen to me very carefully, my friend: killing Shaw will not bring you peace.
Erik Lehnsherr: Peace was never an option.
Professor Charles Xavier: Erik, you said yourself we're the better men. This is the time to prove it. There are thousands of men on those ships. Good, honest, innocent men! They're just following orders.
Erik Lehnsherr: I've been at the mercy of men just following orders. Never again.
Erik Lehnsherr: I am so sorry.
Erik Lehnsherr: YOU! You did this!
Erik Lehnsherr: I SAID BACK OFF!
Professor Charles Xavier: Wait, please. She didn't do this, Erik. You did.
Erik Lehnsherr: Us turning on each other, it's what they want. I tired to warn you, Charles. I want you by my side. We're brothers, you and I. All of together, protecting each other. We want the same thing.
Professor Charles Xavier: My friend. I'm sorry, but we do not.
Hank McCoy: Are you sure we can't shave your head?
Professor Charles Xavier: Don't touch my hair.
Erik Lehnsherr: What brings you to Argentina?
1st German: The climate. I'm a pig farmer.
2nd German: Tailor, since I was a boy. My father made the best suits in Dusseldorf.
Erik Lehnsherr: My parents came from Dusseldorf.
1st German: What was their name?
Erik Lehnsherr: They didn't have a name. It was taken from them, by pig farmers and tailors.
Erik Lehnsherr: I know we've had our differences.
Emma Frost: Where's your telepath friend?
Erik Lehnsherr: Gone. Left a bit of a gap in my life, if I'm to be honest. I was rather hoping you would fill it. Join us.
Emma Frost: Erik, I believe.
Erik Lehnsherr: I prefer Magneto.
Raven Darkholme: We have to call him, Havok. That's his name now. And we were thinking...
Raven Darkholme: ...you should be Professor X...
Raven Darkholme: ...and you should be Magneto.
Erik Lehnsherr: Exceptional.
Professor Charles Xavier: You know, I believe that true focus lies somewhere between rage and serenity. Would you mind if I...
Erik Lehnsherr: What did you just do to me?
Professor Charles Xavier: I accessed the brightest corner of your memory system. It's a very beautiful memory, Erik. Thank you.
Erik Lehnsherr: I didn't know I still had that.
Professor Charles Xavier: There is so much more to you than you know. Not just pain and anger. There is good, too. I felt it. When you can access all of that, you will possess a power no one can match. Not even me.
Raven Darkholme: You know sometimes I wonder what my life would've been like if you haven't found me here that night.
Professor Charles Xavier: Sorry what, you...
Professor Charles Xavier: Yaah! God's sake Raven. Where are your clothes? Pu... put... put some clothes on.
Raven Darkholme: That's not what you said when you first saw me. But I guess pets are always cuter when they are little, right?
Professor Charles Xavier: Raven, I don't know what's gotten into you lately. I swear you've been in a good mood. Hank, he tells me that he has found the answer to your cosmetic
Professor Charles Xavier: problem. You gonna tell me what's the matter or I have to read your mind.
Raven Darkholme: You promised me you would never do that.
Professor Charles Xavier: Until recently, I never had to use my powers to know what you were thinking Raven.
Raven Darkholme: You know Charles, I use to think it's gonna be you and me against the world. But no matter how BAD the world gets, you don't wanna be against it do you? You want to be part of it.
Professor Charles Xavier: Heterochromia was in reference to your eyes which I have to say are stunning. One green, one blue. It's a mutation. It's a very groovy mutation. I've got news for you, Amy. You are a mutant.
Co-Ed: First you proposition a girl, then you call her deformed. How is that seduction technique working for you?
Professor Charles Xavier: I'll tell you in the morning. No, seriously, you mustn't knock it. Mutation took us from single-celled organisms to being the dominant form of reproductive life on this planet. Infinite forms of variation with each generation, all through mutation.
Co-Ed: Then let's reclaim that word. Mutant and proud.
1st German: Who... What are you?
Erik Lehnsherr: Let's just say I'm Frankenstein's monster. And I'm looking for my creator.
Hank McCoy: Am I still a bozo?
Alex Summers: Yes, Hank, you're still a bozo. But nice job.
Alex Summers: Even I got to admit you look pretty bad-ass. I think I got a new name for you: Beast.
Sean Cassidy: You truly believe I'll fly this time?
Professor Charles Xavier: Unreservedly.
Sean Cassidy: I trust you.
Professor Charles Xavier: I'm touched.
Sean Cassidy: I don't trust him.
Professor Charles Xavier: Say nothing.
Sean Cassidy: I'm gonna die!
Professor Charles Xavier: Alright. Look, we're not gonna make you do anything without...
Erik Lehnsherr: Here, let me help you.
Professor Charles Xavier: Erik!
Erik Lehnsherr: What? You know you were thinking the same.
Raven Darkholme: Would you date me?
Professor Charles Xavier: Of course I would. Any young man would be lucky to have you. You are stunning.
Raven Darkholme: Looking like this?
Professor Charles Xavier: Like... What?
Professor Charles Xavier: Blue?
Professor Charles Xavier: You are my oldest friend.
Raven Darkholme: I am your only friend.
Professor Charles Xavier: Thank you for that.
Raven Darkholme: Well?
Professor Charles Xavier: I am incapable of thinking of you that way. I feel responsible for you. Anything else would just feel wrong.
Raven Darkholme: But what if you didn't know me?
Professor Charles Xavier: Unfortunately, I do know you. God, I don't know what's gotten into you lately. You're awfully concerned with your looks.
Erik Lehnsherr: If you're in there, I'd like you to know that I agree with every word you said. We are the future. But, unfortunately, you killed my mother. This is what we're gonna do.
Professor Charles Xavier: No! Please, Erik, no!
Erik Lehnsherr: I am going to count to three and I'm going to move the coin. One.
Professor Charles Xavier: Please, Erik!
Erik Lehnsherr: Two. Three.
Professor Charles Xavier: Would you like to see another magic trick?
Man In Black Suit: Yes!
Professor Charles Xavier: Get in the car.
Man In Black Suit: Good idea.
Charles Xavier: Mother. What are you... I thought you were a burglar.
Mrs. Xavier: I didn't mean to scare you, darling. I was just getting a snack. Go back to bed. What's the matter? Go on, back to bed.I, I'll make you a hot chocolate.
Charles Xavier: Who are you? And what have you done with my mother?
Charles Xavier: My mother has never set foot in this kitchen in her life. And she certainly never made me a hot chocolate, unless you count ordering the maid to do it.
Young Raven: You're not... scared of me?
Charles Xavier: I always knew I couldn't be the only one in the world. The only one who was different. And here you are. Charles Xavier.
Young Raven: Raven.
Charles Xavier: You're hungry and alone. Take whatever you want. We've got lots of food. You don't have to steal. In fact, you never have to steal again.
Erik Lehnsherr: You never looked better, man.
Professor Charles Xavier: Hank!
Hank McCoy: Don't mock me!
Professor Charles Xavier: Hank, put him down immediately, please. Hank! Hank!
Erik Lehnsherr: I wasn't.
Dr. Moira MacTaggert: You know, one day the government is going to realize that how lucky they were to have Professor X on their side.
Professor Charles Xavier: I suppose I am a real professor, aren't I? Next thing you know, I'll be going bald. We're still on the government side, Moira. We're still G-Men. Just without the "G".
Dr. Moira MacTaggert: No. You're your own team now. It's better. You're X-Men.
Professor Charles Xavier: Yes, I like the sound of that.
Erik Lehnsherr: What an adorable lab rat you make, Charles.
Professor Charles Xavier: Don't spoil this for me, Erik.
Erik Lehnsherr: I've been a lab rat. I know when I see one.
Erik Lehnsherr: If you're using half your concentration to look normal, then you're only half paying attention to whatever else you're doing.
Erik Lehnsherr: Just pointing out something that could save your life.
Erik Lehnsherr: You want society to accept you, but you can't even accept yourself.
Hank McCoy: You got to see this. Your genes are extraordinary, you know that? Your cells ages at the half the rate of a normal human. When you're forty, you'll still have the leukocytes of a teenager. You have the most incredible cell structure I've ever seen.
Armando Muñoz: Where to, fellas?
Erik Lehnsherr: Richmond, Virginia.
Armando Muñoz: So you want the airport? The station? What?
Professor Charles Xavier: We were rather hoping you'd take us all the way.
Armando Muñoz: That's a six-hour drive.
Erik Lehnsherr: That would give us plenty of time to talk.
Professor Charles Xavier: There's so much more to you than you know, not just pain and anger. There's good in you too, and you can harness all that. You have a power that no one can match, not even me.
Professor Charles Xavier: I can't stop thinking about the others out there, all those mind that I touched. I could feel them, their isolation, their hopes, their ambitions. I tell you we can start something incredible, Erik. We can help them.
Erik Lehnsherr: Can we? Identification, that's how it starts. And ends with being rounded up, experimented on and eliminated.
Professor Charles Xavier: Not this time. We have common enemies, Shaw, the Russians. They need us.
Erik Lehnsherr: For now.
Raven Darkholme: Could you pass me my robe?
Erik Lehnsherr: You don't have to hide.
Erik Lehnsherr: Have you ever looked at a tiger and thought you ought to cover it up?
Raven Darkholme: No, but...
Erik Lehnsherr: You are an exquisite creature, Raven. All your life the world has tried to tame you. It's time for you to be free.
Professor Charles Xavier: Mutation. It is the key to our evolution. It is how we have evolved from a single-cell organism into the dominant species on the planet. This process is slow, normally taking thousands and thousands of years. But every few millennia evolution leaps forward.
Professor Charles Xavier: Heterochromia.
Co-Ed: A gentleman would at least offer to buy me a drink first.
Professor Charles Xavier: Heterochromia is in reference to your eyes, which I have to say are stunning. One green, one blue. It's a mutation. It's a very groovy mutation. I've got news for you, Amy. You are a mutant.
Co-Ed: First you proposition a girl and then you call her deformed. How is that seduction technique working for you?
Professor Charles Xavier: I'll tell you in the morning.
Angel Salvadore: For that, daddy-o, you get a private dance.
Angel Salvadore: You guys know it's a double for both, right?
Professor Charles Xavier: Mmm, now that won't be necessary, although I am sure it would be magical...
Erik Lehnsherr: We were thinking more, we'll show you ours, if you show us yours.
Angel Salvadore: Baby, that's not the way it works around here.
Erik Lehnsherr: More tea, vicar?
Professor Charles Xavier: From what I know about you, I am surprised you managed to stay this long.
Erik Lehnsherr: What do you know about me?
Professor Charles Xavier: Everything.
Erik Lehnsherr: Then you know to stay out of my head.
Professor Charles Xavier: I am sorry Erik, but I've seen what Shaw did to you. I felt your agony. I can help you.
Erik Lehnsherr: I don't need your help.
Professor Charles Xavier: Don't kid yourself, you needed my help last night, it's not just me you are walking away from. Here you have the chance to be part of something much bigger than yourself. I won't stop you leaving. I could, but I won't.
Professor Charles Xavier: Shaw's got friends. you could do with some.
Professor Charles Xavier: I can't feel my legs.
Raven Darkholme: "Mutant and proud."
Professor Charles Xavier: What?
Raven Darkholme: Or is it the with pretty mutations, or invisible ones like yours? But if you're a freak, you better hide.
Professor Charles Xavier: You're being ridiculous. I don't mean to sound like an old fart.
Raven Darkholme: Which you are.
Professor Charles Xavier: Sometimes. But we've talked about this, Raven. A small slip up is one thing. A big one does not bear thinking about it.
Sebastian Shaw: Erik, what a pleasant surprise. So good to see you again. May I ask you something? Why are you on their side? Why fight for a doomed race who will hunt us down as soon as they realize their reign is coming to an end? I'm sorry for what happened in the camps. I truly am. But everything I did, I did for you. To unlock your power. To make you embrace it. You've come a long way from bending gates. I'm so proud of you. And you're just starting to scratch the surface. Think of how much further we could go, together. I don't want to hurt you, Erik. I never did. I want to help you. This is our time. Our age. We are the future of the human race. You and me, son. This world could be ours.
Erik Lehnsherr: Everything you did make me stronger. It made me the weapon I am today. It's the truth. I've known it all along. You are my creator.
Erik Lehnsherr: "Blood and Honor" - which would you care to shed first?
1st German: We were under orders...
Erik Lehnsherr: Blood it is!
Erik Lehnsherr: This society won't accept us. We form our own. The humans have played their hand, now we get ready to play ours. Who's with me?
Erik Lehnsherr: No more hiding.
Professor Charles Xavier: Go with him. It's what you want.
Raven Darkholme: You promised me that you would never read my mind.
Professor Charles Xavier: I promised you... a lot... of things.
Raven Darkholme: Take good care of him.
Raven Darkholme: And one more thing. BEAST!
Raven Darkholme: Mutant and Proud!
Professor Charles Xavier: Ready for this?
Erik Lehnsherr: Let's find out!
Dr. Moira MacTaggert: Who destroyed the statue?
Hank McCoy: It was Alex.
Raven Darkholme: We should come up with secret codenames, we're secret agents now! I'll start, I'm gonna be Mystique.
Sean Cassidy: Damn! I wanted to be called Mystique!
Raven Darkholme: Too bad! Besides, I'm way more mysterious than you.
Raven Darkholme: What about you?
Sean Cassidy: I wanna be... Banshee!
Hank McCoy: Why do you want to be named after a wailing spirit?
Sean Cassidy: You may want to cover your ears...
Raven Darkholme: What about you?
Angel Salvadore: My stage name is Angel... and it kind of fits.
Raven Darkholme: You can fly?
Angel Salvadore: Uh huh, and...
Raven Darkholme: Darwin, what's your name?
Armando Muñoz: Well, Darwin's already a nickname... and it fits: "adapt to survive" and all... Check this.
Armando Muñoz: Thank you!
Armando Muñoz: What about you?
Alex Summers: How about Bigfoot?
Raven Darkholme: Well you know what they say about guys with big feet, and you're are kinda small...
Armando Muñoz: What is your gift, Alex?
Alex Summers: I can't. I can't do it. Not here.
Armando Muñoz: Could you do it outside? Come on!
Alex Summers: Get back when I tell you.
Alex Summers: Get back!
Alex Summers: Whatever.
Professor Charles Xavier: They're just kids...
Erik Lehnsherr: No, they WERE kids. Shaw has his army, we need ours.
Dr. Moira MacTaggert: I'm going to use an asset the CIA didn't issue me...
Erik Lehnsherr: My fellow Mutants! The real enemy is out there.
Sean Cassidy: Whoa! You back right off!
Erik Lehnsherr: Kinky, by the way, if I look like you, I wouldn't change a thing.
Erik Lehnsherr: Hank has been busy.
Alex Summers: Do we really have to wear these?
Professor Charles Xavier: As none of us mutated to endure extreme g-force or being riddled by bullets, I suggest we suit up.
Sebastian Shaw: Protecting your fellow mutants? That's a noble gesture. Feels good.
Sebastian Shaw: Adapt to this.
Professor Charles Xavier: Erik, don't do this! Be the better man! If you do this there will be no turning back...!
Erik Lehnsherr: Sorry Charles. It's not that I don't trust you...
Professor Charles Xavier: How would you like a job where you get to keep your clothes on?
Emma Frost: You can stop trying to read my mind, sugar. You're never going to get anything from me while I'm like this.
Erik Lehnsherr: So then you can just tell us. Where's Shaw?
Professor Charles Xavier: That's enough, Erik. Erik, that's enough!
Erik Lehnsherr: All yours, Charles. She won't be shifting into diamond form anytime soon. If she does, just give her a tap.
CIA Director McCone: The law says we've got to turn her over.
William Stryker Sr.: The law applies to human beings. The same laws don't apply to mutants. They're too dangerous. In times like this, security is important than liberty. There is a war coming, John.
CIA Director McCone: Yes, but a war with who?
Emma Frost: Excellent question. Though I wouldn't call it a war, exactly. That suggests both sides stand an equal chance of winning.
Professor Charles Xavier: Something tells me you already know the answer to your question.
Sebastian Shaw: Outstanding, Erik. So we unlock your gift with anger. Anger and pain. You and me... we're going to have a lot of fun together.
Professor Charles Xavier: To Homo neanderthalensis, his mutant cousin, Homo sapiens, was an aberration. Peaceful cohabitation, if it ever existed, was short-lived. Records show, without exception, that the arrival of the mutated human species in any region was followed by the immediate extinction of their less-evolved kin.
Emma Frost: If that telepath gets into your head, he won't be as much fun as I am.
Sebastian Shaw: Already taken care of. The Russians made this.
Sebastian Shaw: What am I thinking?
Emma Frost: I don't know.
Sebastian Shaw: I was thinking that you're the most exquisite creature I've ever seen.
Sebastian Shaw: ...And that this needs ice.
Logan: Go fuck yourself.
Colonel Hendry: What the hell did you put in my drink?
Sebastian Shaw: I hear you blocked the proposal to position nuclear missiles in Turkey. I expect you'll reconsider.
Colonel Hendry: We've had this conversation. You put our nukes in Turkey or anywhere that close to Russia, and you're looking at war. Nuclear war.
Sebastian Shaw: I don't ask for favors, Colonel. I express my expectations. So, let me say it again. I EXPECT you'll reconsider.
Colonel Hendry: The only thing I'll reconsider is having another glass of that delicious champagne.
Emma Frost: You thinking of running? Hiding? We'd find you, Hendry. There's not a fortress in the world that could keep us out.
Sebastian Shaw: Magnificent, isn't she, Bob? Genetic mutation. The evolution of the human genome. Where's Azazel?
Sebastian Shaw: Ah, we don't want the colonel to be late.
Professor Charles Xavier: You're not alone.
Professor Charles Xavier: A new species is being born. Help me guide it, shape it, lead it.
Sebastian Shaw: We are the children of the atom. Radiation gave birth to mutants. What will kill the humans will only make us stronger.
Hank McCoy: You have no idea what I'd give to feel...
Raven Darkholme: Normal?
Raven Darkholme: Darwin's dead, Charles, and we can't even bury him.
Erik Lehnsherr: We can avenge him!
Professor Charles Xavier: Wonderful work, Hank. Alright Alex, I want you to hit the X. Just the X, keep that in mind.
Alex Summers: You SERIOUS?
Professor Charles Xavier: I'm very serious.
Hank McCoy: Am I still a Bozo?
Alex Summers: Yes, Hank you're still a bozo.
Alex Summers: But, nice job.     