
Laura Jesson: It's awfully easy to lie when you know that you're trusted implicitly. So very easy, and so very degrading.
Fred Jesson: You've been a long way away.
Laura Jesson: Yes.
Fred Jesson: Thank you for coming back to me.
Laura Jesson: This can't last. This misery can't last. I must remember that and try to control myself. Nothing lasts really. Neither happiness nor despair. Not even life lasts very long. There'll come a time in the future when I shan't mind about this anymore, when I can look back and say quite peacefully and cheerfully how silly I was. No, no, I don't want that time to come ever. I want to remember every minute, always, always to the end of my days.
Laura Jesson: Fred, dear Fred. There's so much that I want to say to you. You're the only one in the world with enough wisdom and gentleness to understand. If only it was somebody else's story and not mine. As it is, you're the only one in the world that I can never tell. Never never. Because even if I waited until we were old, old people and told you then, you'd be bound to look back over the years and be hurt. And my dear, I don't want you to be hurt. You see, we're a happily married couple and let's never forget that. This is my home. You're my husband. And my children are upstairs in bed. I'm a happily married woman - or I was, rather, until a few weeks ago. This is my whole world, and it's enough, or rather, it was until a few weeks ago. But, oh, Fred, I've been so foolish. I've fallen in love. I'm an ordinary woman. I didn't think such violent things could happen to ordinary people.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I do love you, so very much. I love you with all my heart and soul.
Laura Jesson: I want to die. If only I could die...
Dr. Alec Harvey: If you'd die, you'd forget me. I want to be remembered.
Dr. Alec Harvey: Forgive me?
Laura Jesson: Forgive you for what?
Dr. Alec Harvey: For everything. For meeting you, in the first place. For taking the piece of grit out of your eye. For loving you. For bringing you so much misery.
Laura Jesson: I'll forgive you if you'll forgive me.
Laura Jesson: I had no thoughts at all, only an overwhelming desire not to feel anything ever again.
Laura Jesson: I wish you'd stop talking. I wish you'd stop prying and trying to find things out. I wish you were dead - no I don't mean that. That was silly and unkind. But I wish you'd stop talking.
Laura Jesson: Do you know, I believe we should all behave quite differently if we lived in a warm, sunny climate all the time. We shouldn't be so withdrawn and shy and difficult.
Laura Jesson: I imagined him holding me in his arms. I imagined being with him in all sorts of glamorous circumstances. It was one of those absurd fantasies, just like one has when one is a girl being wooed and married by the idea of ones dreams.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I love you. I love your wide eyes, the way you smile, your shyness, and the way you laugh at my jokes.
Laura Jesson: Please don't.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I love you. I love you. You love me too. It's no use pretending it hasn't happened cause it has.
Laura Jesson: Yes it has. I don't want to pretend anything either to you or to anyone else. But from now on, I shall have to. That's what's wrong. Don't you see? That's what spoils everything. That's why we must stop, here and now, talking like this. We're neither of us free to love each other. There's too much in the way. There's still time, if we control ourselves and behave like sensible human beings. There's still time.
Dr. Alec Harvey: There should be a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Musical Instruments.
Laura Jesson: Isn't it awful about people meaning to be kind?
Fred Jesson: You're a poetry addict. See if you can help me over this. It's Keats. 'When I behold, upon the night's starr'd face / Huge cloudy symbols of a high _______.' Something that's seven letters.
Laura Jesson: Romance, I think. I'm almost sure it is. 'Huge cloudy symbols of a high romance.' It will be in the Oxford Book of English Verse.
Fred Jesson: No, it's right I'm sure. It fits in with 'delirium' and 'Baluchistan.
Dr. Alec Harvey: Could you really say goodbye? Never see me again?
Laura Jesson: Yes, if you'd help me.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I love you, Laura. I shall love you always until the end of my life. I can't look at you now cause I know something. I know that this is the beginning of the end. Not the end of my loving you but the end of our being together. But not quite yet, darling. Please. Not quite yet.
Laura Jesson: Very well. Not quite yet.
Fred Jesson: Come and sit by the fire in the library and relax. You may help me with the Times crossword.
Laura Jesson: You have the most peculiar ideas of relaxation.
Laura Jesson: I had no premonitions. But, I suppose I should have had. It all seemed so natural and so innocent.
Laura Jesson: I starred out of that railway carriage window into the dark and watched the deem trees and the telegraph posts slipping by. And through them I saw Alec and me. Alec and me, perhaps a little younger than we are now, but just as much in love and we have nothing in the way. I saw us in Paris, in a box at the opera. The orchestra was tuning up. Then we were in Venice, drifting along the Grand Canal in a gondola with the sound of mandolins coming to us over the water. I saw us traveling far away together. All the places I've always longed to go. I saw us leaning on the rail of a ship, looking at the sea and stars. Standing on a tropical beach, in the moonlight, with the palm trees sighing above us. Then the palm trees changed into those pallided willows by the canal, just before the level crossing. And all the silly dreams disappeared. And I got out at Ketchworth and gave up my ticket and walked home as usual. Quite soberly and without wings. Without any wings at all.
Laura Jesson: That week was misery. I went through it in a sort of trance. How odd of you not to have noticed that you were living with a stranger in the house.
Dr. Alec Harvey: Cold?
Laura Jesson: No not really
Dr. Alec Harvey: Happy?
Laura Jesson: No not really
Fred Jesson: Fred Jesson: Thank you for coming back to me.
Myrtle Bagot: Albert Godby, how dare you!
Albert Godby: I couldn't resist it!
Myrtle Bagot: Oh, well, trouble you for keeping your hands to yourself!
Albert Godby: Oh, you blushing - oh, you look wonderful when you're angry... just like an avenging angel.
Myrtle Bagot: I'll give you avenging angel!... Coming in here taking liberties!
Albert Godby: I thought last Monday, you said you wouldn't object to a friendly little slap.
Myrtle Bagot: Never mind about last Monday... I'm on duty now. And I should think to what would happen if Mr. Saunders should be looking through the window.
Albert Godby: Well, if Mr. Saunders happens to be looking through the window its about time he saw something worth looking at.
Myrtle Bagot: You ought to be ashamed of yourself!
Albert Godby: Oh, it's high spirit... don't be mad at me.
Myrtle Bagot: "High spirit" - indeed. Take your tea and be quiet.
Albert Godby: It's all your fault really.
Myrtle Bagot: I don't know to what your referring!
Albert Godby: ...I was thinking about tonight?
Myrtle Bagot: If you don't learn to behave yourself - there won't be a tonight. Or any other night either.
Albert Godby: Give us a kiss.
Myrtle Bagot: I'll do no such thing, the lady might see us!
Albert Godby: Come on a quick one across the counter!
Myrtle Bagot: Albert, stop it!
Albert Godby: Come on!
Myrtle Bagot: Let go of me, this minute Albert!
Myrtle Bagot: ...now look at me bamberys all over the floor!
Bill, First Soldier: Just in time - or born in the vestry.
Myrtle Bagot: You shut your mouth - and help Mr. Godby pick up 'em cakes! Come along now! What are you standing there gaping at?
Laura Jesson: Having committed the crime, I suddenly felt reckless and gay.
Laura Jesson: We had such fun. I felt gay and happy and sort of released.
Dr. Alec Harvey: You know what's happened, don't you?... I've fallen in love with you.
Laura Jesson: We were very gay during lunch and talked about quite ordinary things.
Fred Jesson: Whatever your dream was, it wasn't a very happy one, was it?
Dr. Alec Harvey: I'm just saying you're not complicated.
Laura Jesson: I suppose it's a good thing to be uncomplicated, but it does sound a little dull.
Dr. Alec Harvey: You could never be dull.
Laura Jesson: How can I possibly say that? "Don't hurry, I'm perfectly happy." If only it were true. Not I suppose that anybody's perfectly happy, really. But, just to be ordinarily contented. To be at peace.
Laura Jesson: It seems an eternity since that train went out of the station, taking him away, into the darkness. I was happy then.
Margaret Jesson: But my birthday's in June, and there aren't any pantomimes in June
Laura Jesson: I felt suddenly quite wildly happy.
Dolly Messiter: My dear, what a nice looking man. Who on earth is he? Really, you're quite a dark horse. I shall telephone Fred in the morning and make mischief.
Dolly Messiter: Have you any brandy?
Myrtle Bagot: I'm afraid it's out of hours.
Dolly Messiter: Oh surely, if somebody's feeling ill?
Laura Jesson: I'm alright, really.
Dolly Messiter: Just a sip of brandy will buck you up.
Dolly Messiter: Please.
Myrtle Bagot: Very well.
Dolly Messiter: How much?
Myrtle Bagot: Ten pence, please.
Laura Jesson: You're both very naughty. You should have been asleep hours ago!
Laura Jesson: How can you be so silly?
Dr. Alec Harvey: Would you mind, very much, if I came to the pictures with you?
Laura Jesson: Well, eh...
Dr. Alec Harvey: I could sit downstairs and you could sit upstairs.
Laura Jesson: Upstairs is too expensive.
Laura Jesson: I see.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I'm afraid you don't.
Laura Jesson: Ha-ha. I was trying to be intelligent.
Laura Jesson: Its been so very nice. I've enjoyed my afternoon enormously.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I'm so glad. So have I. I apologize for boring you with long medical words.
Laura Jesson: I full dull and stupid not to be able to understand more.
Dr. Alec Harvey: Shall I see you again?
Laura Jesson: I looked hurriedly around the carriage to see if anyone was looking at me - as if they could read my secret thoughts. No one was. Except a clergyman in the opposite corner. I felt myself blushing.
Doctor at Bobbie's Accident: He's alright, Mrs. Jensen. Nothing to worry about. He'll be as right as rain in a few hours.
Myrtle Bagot: I'm sorry, my license does not permit me to serve alcohol out of hours, that's final. You wouldn't want to get me in trouble, would you?
Bill, First Soldier: Just give us that chance, lady. That's all we ask. Just give us the chance.
Myrtle Bagot: Beryl, ask Mr. Godby to come here for a moment, will you?
Beryl Walters, Tea Room Assistant: Yes, Mrs. Bagot.
Bill, First Soldier: And who's he waiting to come?
Myrtle Bagot: You'll soon see! Coming here, cheeking me!
Johnnie, Second Soldier: Come on, here, mother, be a pal.
Myrtle Bagot: I'll give you mother! You saucy upstart!
Bill, First Soldier: Who you callin' an upstart?
Myrtle Bagot: You! And I'll trouble you get out of here double quick! Disturbing the customers and making a nuisance of yourselves.
Johnnie, Second Soldier: Hey, where's the fire? Where's the fire?
Albert Godby: Hop it, both of you.
Bill, First Soldier: We've got a right to stay here as long as we like.
Albert Godby: You 'eard what I said. Hop it!
Johnnie, Second Soldier: Now, look here, what is this? A free country or a bloomin' Sunday school?
Albert Godby: I checked you once at the gate. Your train's due in one minute, number two platform. Hop it!
Johnnie, Second Soldier: If them sandwiches were made this morning, you're Shirley Temple!
Stephen Lynn, Alec's 'Friend': You know, my dear Alec, you have hidden depths which I never even suspected.
Stephen Lynn, Alec's 'Friend': Women are frequently rather neurotic creatures and the hospital atmosphere is upsetting to them.
Stephen Lynn, Alec's 'Friend': I'm surprised at this farcical streak in your nature, Alec. Such carryings on are quite unnecessary. After all, we've been friends for years and I am the most broad-minded of men.
Dr. Alec Harvey: I'm really very sorry, Stephen. I'm sure that the whole situation must seem inexplicably vulgar to you. Actually, it isn't in the least.
Laura Jesson: I went into the high street and found a tobacconist and telephoned you. Do you remember?
Laura Jesson: I walked for a long while. Finally, I found myself at the war memorial. You know, it's right at the other side of town. It'd stopped raining all together and I felt stiflingly hot. So, I sat down on one of the seats. There was nobody about and I lit a cigarette. I know how you disapprove of women smoking in the street. I do too, really, but - I wanted to calm my nerves and I thought it might help.     