
Gilbert: Can I help?
Iris Henderson: Only by going away.
Gilbert: No, no, no, no. My father always taught me, never desert a lady in trouble. He even carried that as far as marrying Mother.
Gilbert: Come on, sit down, take it easy. What's the trouble?
Iris Henderson: If you must know, something fell on my head.
Gilbert: When, infancy?
Charters: If only we hadn't missed that train at Budapest.
Caldicott: Well, I don't want to rub it in, but if you hadn't insisted on standing up until they'd finished their national anthem...
Charters: Yes, but you must show respect, Caldicott. If I'd known it was going to last twenty minutes...
Caldicott: It has always been my contention that the Hungarian Rhapsody is *not* their national anthem.
Iris Henderson: You're the most contemptible person I've ever met in all my life!
Gilbert: Confidentially, I think you're a bit of a stinker, too.
Miss Froy: I never think you should judge any country by its politics. After all, we English are quite honest by nature, aren't we?
Gilbert: I'm about as popular as a dose of strychnine.
Iris Henderson: I was having tea about an hour ago with an English lady. You saw her, didn't you?
Charters: Well, I don't know, I mean, I was talking to my friend, wasn't I?
Caldicott: Indubitably.
Iris Henderson: Yes, but you were sitting at the next table. She turned and borrowed the sugar. You must remember.
Charters: Yes, I recall passing the sugar.
Iris Henderson: Well then you saw her.
Charters: I repeat we were deep in conversation. We were discussing cricket.
Iris Henderson: Well, I don't see how a thing like cricket can make you forget seeing people.
Charters: Oh, don't you? If that's your attitude, there's nothing more to be said! Come Caldicott. "A thing like cricket!"
Gilbert: Wrong tactics. We should've told him we were looking for a lost cricket ball.
Dr. Hartz: And I am Dr. Egon Hartz; you may have heard of me.
Gilbert: Not the brain surgeon?
Dr. Hartz: Yes, the same.
Gilbert: Yes, you flew over to England the other day and operated on one of our cabinet ministers.
Dr. Hartz: Oh, yes.
Gilbert: Tell me, did you find anything?
Iris Henderson: I've no regrets. I've been everywhere and done everything. I've eaten caviar at Cannes, sausage rolls at the dogs. I've played baccarat at Biarritz and darts with the rural dean. What is there left for me but marriage?
Charters: You can't expect to put the two of us up in the maid's room.
Hotel Manager: Well don't get excited. I'll remove the maid out.
Iris Henderson: Did you notice the nun in there with the patient?
Gilbert: No, not really...
Iris Henderson: Nuns don't wear high heels.
Iris: Boris? Miss Henderson speaking. Look, someone upstairs is playing musical chairs with an elephant. Move one of them out, will you? I want to get some sleep.
Gilbert: Never climb a fence if you can sit on it.
Charters: Tell me, what's happening to England?
Charters: Blowing a gale? No, I'm inquiring about the test match in Manchester.
Charters: Cricket, sir. Cricket!
Charters: You don't know? You can't be in England and not know the test score.
Charters: The fellow says he doesn't know.
Caldicott: Silly ass!
Caldicott: They might at least have given us one each?
Charters: What?
Caldicott: The room at least.
Gilbert: What was she wearing? Scotch tweeds wasn't it?
Iris Henderson: Oatmeal tweeds.
Gilbert: I knew it had something to do with porridge.
'Mrs.' Margaret Todhunter: You might at least have asked which one I preferred.
Eric Todhunter: Please Margaret, a double room in a place like this?
'Mrs.' Margaret Todhunter: You weren't so particular in Paris last fall.
Eric Todhunter: That was different then, the exhibition was at its height.
'Mrs.' Margaret Todhunter: I realise that now. There's no need to rub it in!
Gilbert: Let's marshal the facts over a pipeful of Baker Street shag.
Iris Henderson: Was she hit?
Gilbert: I can't tell!
Iris: Thank you for looking after me when I was - well, knocked out before.
Miss Froy: Never mind, dear. Now if I were you I'd try to get a little sleep. It'll make you feel quite well again! There's a most intriguing acrostic in the Needlewoman. I'm going to try to finish it before you wake up.
Iris Henderson: Then you are a spy!
Miss Froy: I always think that's such a grim word.
Gilbert: Are you all right Miss Froy?
Miss Froy: Yes, thank you. It's rather like the rush hour on the Underground!
Caldicott: We'll never get to the match now!
Caldicott: The old girl has gone off her rocker!
Iris Henderson: Where are we going for our honeymoon?
Gilbert: I don't know, somewhere quiet. Somewhere where there are no trains.
Foreign Office Man: Mr. Campbell will see you now.
Gilbert: Wait a minute. It's gone!
Iris Henderson: What's gone?
Gilbert: Why the tune! I've forgot it!
Iris Henderson: No, no!
Gilbert: Wait a minute, let me concentrate.
Iris Henderson: No, no, no , no, that's the Wedding March!
Iris Henderson: Must you follow me around like a pet dog?     