
Gilda: You do hate me, don't you, Johnny?
Johnny Farrell: I don't think you have any idea of how much.
Gilda: Hate is a very exciting emotion. Haven't you noticed? Very exciting. I hate you too, Johnny. I hate you so much I think I'm going to die from it. Darling...
Gilda: I think I'm going to die from it.
Obregon: All you can think of is the way Gilda looked at you when you struck her, isn't it? You two kids love each other very terribly, don't you?
Johnny Farrell: I hate her!
Obregon: That's what I mean. It's the most curious love-hate pattern I've ever had the privilege of witnessing.
Gilda: Got a light?
Uncle Pio: Yes, Mrs. Mundson. It is so crowded and yet so lonely, isn't it?
Gilda: How did you know?
Uncle Pio: You smoke too much. I've noticed. Only frustrated people smoke too much and only lonely people are frustrated.
Gilda: Would it interest you to know how much I hate you, Johnny?
Johnny Farrell: Very much.
Gilda: I hate you so much that I would destroy myself to take you down with me.
Ballin Mundson: Gilda, are you decent?
Gilda: Me?
Gilda: Sure. I'm decent.
Johnny Farrell: Statistics show that there are more women in the world than anything else. Except insects.
Johnny Farrell: I want to go with you, Gilda. Please take me. I know I did everything wrong...
Gilda: Isn't it wonderful? Nobody has to apologize, because we were both stinkers, weren't we? Isn't it wonderful?
Johnny Farrell: Wonderful.
Ballin Mundson: It is a most faithful and obedient friend: it is silent when I want it to be silent, but talks when I want to talk.
Johnny Farrell: Is it that your idea of a friend?
Ballin Mundson: That is my idea of a friend.
Johnny Farrell: You must lead a gay life.
Gilda: If you're worried about Johnny Farrell, don't be. I hate him!
Ballin Mundson: And he hates you. That's very apparent. But hate can be a very exciting emotion. Very exciting. Haven't you noticed that?
Gilda: You make it s...
Ballin Mundson: There is a heat in it, that one can feel. Didn't you feel it tonight?
Gilda: No.
Ballin Mundson: I did. It warmed me. Hate is the only thing that has ever warmed me.
Johnny Farrell: She still didn't believe I wasn't coming back. Every night she got all dressed up... and waited. But a girl like Gilda couldn't stand not knowing the why of things, so she decided to swallow her pride and came to see me. It was wonderful.
Ballin Mundson: Now then, before we were interrupted, I believe we were about to drink a toast. So: disaster to the wench who did wrong by our Johnny. No, Gilda? You won't drink to that?
Gilda: Why not? Disaster to the wench!
Johnny Farrell: You're a lucky man.
Ballin Mundson: I make my own luck.
Gilda: If I'd been a ranch, they would've named me "The Bar Nothing".
Johnny Farrell: I hated her so I couldn't get her out of my mind for a minute. She was in the air I breathed - and the food I ate.
Johnny Farrell: Pardon me, but your husband is showing.
Johnny Farrell: Doesn't it bother you at all that you're married?
Gilda: What I want to know is, does it bother you?
Gilda: You haven't been around lately. I thought maybe you were an amnesia victim or something.
Gilda: I can never get a zipper to close. Maybe that stands for something, what do you think?
Ballin Mundson: Look your best, my beautiful. This will be the casino's first glimpse of you.
Gilda: I'll look my very best, Ballin.
Gilda: I want all the hired help to approve of me. Glad to have met you, Mr. Farrell.
Ballin Mundson: His name is Johnny, Gilda.
Gilda: Oh, I'm sorry. Johnny is such a hard name to remember and so easy to forget.
Gilda: Johnny. There. See you later, Mr. Farrell.
Johnny Farrell: I thought we agreed that women and gambling didn't mix.
Ballin Mundson: My wife does not come under the category of women, Johnny.
Gilda: I've got some news for you, Johnny. I'm going to do exactly what I please, when I please. I was true to one man once, hmmm
Gilda: and look what happened.
Gilda: You're out of practice aren't you - dancing I mean. I can help you get in practice again Johnny - dancing I mean.
Gilda: I danced in America.
Capt. Delgado: This is not America?
Gilda: I mean New York.
Gilda: They said that being married to Johnny Farrell was very like driving a car with no brakes.
Johnny Farrell: To me a dollar was a dollar in any language. It was my first night in the Argentine and I didn't know much about the local citizens, but I knew about American sailors, and I knew I better get out of there.
Gilda: Johnny, let's go. Let's go home.
Gilda: You're cock-eyed, Johnny! All cock-eyed!
Johnny Farrell: I take care of everything that belongs to the boss.
Gilda: What's his, is - yours?
Johnny Farrell: From now on, you go anywhere you please, with anyone you please. But, I'm gonna take you there and I'm gonna pick you up and bring you home. Get that? Exactly the way I'd - take and pick up his laundry.
Gilda: Shame on you, Johnny. Any psychiatrist would tell you that your thought associations are *very revealing.
Johnny Farrell: What are you talking about?
Gilda: Any psychiatrist would tell you that means something, Johnny.
Johnny Farrell: Did you hear what I said.
Gilda: Sure I heard what you said. You're gonna take me there and pick me up. All to protect Ballin. - - Who do you think you're kidding, Johnny?
Gilda: Well, here's the laundry. Waiting to be picked up.
Johnny Farrell: Where have you been?
Gilda: Swimming. I bet you don't believe me. I bet Ballin won't either. Unless, you're there to back me up. You went swimming with me. Didn't we have a good time?
Johnny Farrell: Swimming.
Gilda: That's what it says here.
Johnny Farrell: Where's your bathing suit?
Gilda: Under this. Want to see?
Gilda: Nobody could ever dance like you, Johnny. When a person dances with you, it's like they're a part of you, Johnny. It's like they're...
Johnny Farrell: You haven't improved any, had you? You always did talk your head off all the time you were dancing.
Gilda: You used to say, "For Pete's sake, Gilda, one thing at a time." And you used to say, "Talk or dance. But, don't do both things at the same time." You used to say...
Johnny Farrell: I still say it.
Gilda: I have to keep talking, Johnny. As long as I have my arms around you, I have to keep talking. I might forget to dance, Johnny.
Johnny Farrell: What do you think you're trying to do?
Gilda: I'm not even trying very hard. But, I'm doing it.
Johnny Farrell: You can't talk to men down here the way you would at home. They don't understand it.
Gilda: Understand what?
Johnny Farrell: They think you mean it.
Gilda: Mean what?
Gilda: I always say there's something about Latin men. For one thing, they can dance. For another thing - what's your telephone? number?
Ballin Mundson: Quite a surprise to hear a woman sing in my house, eh Johnny?
Ballin Mundson: It amuses me to feed you beautiful things, because you eat with such a good appetite.
Ballin Mundson: They won't let you use your own dice.
Johnny Farrell: I didn't think it showed.
Ballin Mundson: A man who makes his own luck, as I do, recognizes in others.
Johnny Farrell: Hey, who's she?
Uncle Pio: A harpy.
Johnny Farrell: How would you classify me?
Uncle Pio: Peasant.
Johnny Farrell: You have no idea how faithful and obedient I can be - for a nice salary.
Ballin Mundson: This I must be sure of, that there is no woman anywhere.
Johnny Farrell: There's no woman anywhere.
Ballin Mundson: Gambling and women do not mix.
Johnny Farrell: Those are the very words I use myself.
Ballin Mundson: I feel great, Johnny.
Johnny Farrell: You look foolish.
Gilda: So, this is Johnny Farrell. I've heard a lot about you, Johnny Farrell.
Gilda: Did you tell him what I'm doing here, Ballin?
Ballin Mundson: No, I wanted to save that as a surprise too.
Gilda: Hang on to your hat, Mr. Ferrell.
Ballin Mundson: Gilda is my wife, Johnny.
Gilda: Mrs. Ballin Mundson, Mr. Farrell. Is that all right?
Johnny Farrell: Congratulations.
Ballin Mundson: Oh, you don't congratulate the bride, Johnny. You congratulate the husband.
Johnny Farrell: Really? Well, what are you supposed to say to the bride?
Ballin Mundson: You wish her good luck.
Johnny Farrell: Good luck.
Gilda: Thank you, Mr. Farrell. My husband tells me you're a great believer in luck.
Ballin Mundson: We make our own luck, Johnny and I.
Gilda: I'll have to try that sometime.
Johnny Farrell: It was all I could do to walk away. I wanted to go back up in that room and hit her. What scared me was I wanted to hit him too.
Gilda: Oh dear, that's one of the things you'll have to teach me, Ballin. Good manners.
Uncle Pio: Your shoes.
Johnny Farrell: About time.
Uncle Pio: Do you wish me to put them on your feet?
Johnny Farrell: For how much?
Uncle Pio: The charge is slight; because, I find this always a revealing vantage point. A worm's eye view. So often the true one.
Johnny Farrell: It looks like one thing; then, right in front of your eyes, it becomes another thing.
Ballin Mundson: Well, you haven't much faith in the stability of women, have you Johnny?
Johnny Farrell: That's right.
Ballin Mundson: One wonders who the woman was who brought our Johnny to this pretty past, don't one Gilda?
Gilda: One does. Let's hate her. Shall we, Ballin?
Ballin Mundson: Let's. Shall we, Johnny?
Johnny Farrell: Let's! Now, that I'll drink to.
Johnny Farrell: Look, I've been watching you for weeks now.
Obregon: Then, that makes us even.
Johnny Farrell: You don't gamble. You don't drink. What do you hang around here for?
Obregon: The atmosphere has always interested me.
Obregon: Now, it positively fascinates me.
Capt. Delgado: You could be a professional dancer.
Gilda: I am. I mean I was.
Gilda: That's against our union rules.
Capt. Delgado: I always observe the rules and regulations.
Johnny Farrell: Who are the two krauts? I've seen them before.
Ballin Mundson: Messenger boys.
Ballin Mundson: Johnny takes care of all the things that belong to me.
Gilda: He runs the joint.
Ballin Mundson: He runs the joint.
Gilda: Here that Johnny? You're to take care of me because I belong to the boss. How will you like that?
Johnny Farrell: Well, I do all kinds of jobs.
Gilda: I bet this is the oddest job you ever had.
Ballin Mundson: You're still dressed.
Gilda: Yes.
Ballin Mundson: Anything wrong?
Gilda: Everything's wonderful. But, I told you, zippers throw me.
Ballin Mundson: May I help?
Gilda: Thank you.
Ballin Mundson: You'll have a maid in the morning.
Gilda: Will she be old and ugly?
Ballin Mundson: Those are your orders.
Gilda: I think that's good business, to surround yourself with ugly women and beautiful men.
Ballin Mundson: You're a child, Gilda. A beautiful greedy child. And it amuses me to feed you beautiful things because you eat with such a good appetite.
Obregon: One isn't always so lucky.
Gilda: I am.
Obregon: You should watch out. Superstitious have an old saying.
Gilda: Lucky at cards, unlucky at love. It's a good thing I'm not, isn't it?
Obregon: Not what?
Gilda: Superstitious.
Gilda: Got a light?
Uncle Pio: Yes, Mrs. Mundson. It is so crowded and yet so lonely. Isn't it?
Gilda: How did you know?
Uncle Pio: You smoke too much. I've noticed. Only frustrated people smoke too much and only lonely people are frustrated.
Ballin Mundson: When a man becomes as weak enough to accept a bribe, he's already a dying man.
Ballin Mundson: Women are funny little creatures, Johnny.
Johnny Farrell: Why, I don't know much about 'em.
Ballin Mundson: Odd things are important to them.
Johnny Farrell: Really?
Ballin Mundson: I bought her, Johnny. Just as I bought you.
Johnny Farrell: Well, she knows that, doesn't she?
Ballin Mundson: That's just it. Money doesn't mean very much to Gilda. If she should become restless? I'm mad about her, Johnny. Mad.
Johnny Farrell: Get out of here. Get back to your washroom where you belong!
Johnny Farrell: We went swimming. You were asleep.
Ballin Mundson: Yes?
Gilda: All of the sudden, I just had to go swimming! It was so hot.
Ballin Mundson: Did you teach Gilda how to swim, Johnny?
Johnny Farrell: I taught her everything she knows, Ballin. Does that satisfy you?
Maria: Carnival is the last three days preceding the Lent, which in Roman Catholic countries is given up to feasting and merrymaking. Then, come the fasting and the penance.
Gilda: In other words, make hay while the sun shines.
Maria: You have a strange language, little one.
Gilda: Oh, I mean, three days of sowing wild oats, then comes the harvest.
Ballin Mundson: I want to have look at you in your costume before you go. I see you're going to carry a whip. Have you warned Johnny?
Gilda: Push my hat back, Johnny.
Johnny Farrell: It's all right.
Gilda: Push it back.
Ballin Mundson: You play for the full stake or you pass the shoe. You can't rule the world by passing the shoe, Johnny.
Gilda: Ballin was wrong, wasn't he?
Johnny Farrell: About what?
Gilda: He said you can shut out excitement by - just closing a door. You can't, can you?
Gilda: There isn't anybody here but us, you know. Everybody's out celebrating Carnival.
Johnny Farrell: What about it?
Gilda: I was just mentioning it. Good night, Johnny.
Gilda: This vacuum I'm living in, mind giving me a reason?
Johnny Farrell: Not at all. You've had such a full life up to now; I thought a little peace and quiet would do you good. Give you time to think!
Gilda: Think about what?
Johnny Farrell: Would it be too corny to say: your sins.
Gilda: Yes, it would.
Johnny Farrell: Well, I said it!
Gilda: Amado mio, love me forever, And let forever, begin tonight, Amado mio, when we're together, I'm in a dream world, of sweat delight...
Gilda: I didn't think I'd ever trust a man again, as long as I lived. But, here I go again.
Gilda: Oh, Johnny, please let me go! Please let me go! I can't stand it anymore. I don't want anything from you. But, please, just let me go!
Obregon: The least you could do is say goodbye and wish her luck.
Johnny Farrell: She makes her own luck.
Obregon: How dumb can a man be?
Obregon: I'm a very sensitive man, for a cop.
Uncle Pio: Would you like a drink of ambrosia? Suitable only for a goddess.
Uncle Pio: A cigarette, perhaps? Blended of the finest tobaccos from the most romantic places of the world.
Gilda: It all looks - lonely, doesn't it?
Uncle Pio: All bad things end up lonely, little one.
Gilda: I know that, don't I. Keep your silly epigrams to yourself, can't you.
Obregon: A man can only die once.
Obregon: Didn't you ever hear of a thing called justifiable homicide?
Gilda: Boys have the darnedest way of growing up, Ballin. Almost when you're not looking.     