
Caption: He remembers those vanished years. As though looking through a dusty window pane, the past is something he could see, but not touch. And everything he sees is blurred and indistinct.
Chow Mo-wan: In the old days, if someone had a secret they didn't want to share... you know what they did?
Ah Ping: Have no idea.
Chow Mo-wan: They went up a mountain, found a tree, carved a hole in it, and whispered the secret into the hole. Then they covered it with mud. And leave the secret there forever.
Ah Ping: What a pain! I'd just go to get laid.
Chow Mo-wan: Not everyone's like you.
Caption: It is a restless moment. She has kept her head lowered... to give him a chance to come closer. But he could not, for lack of courage. She turns and walks away.
Chow Mo-wan: Feelings can creep up just like that. I thought I was in control.
Chow Mo-wan: That handbag I saw you with this evening... Where did you buy it?
Su Li-zhen Chan: Why do you ask?
Chow Mo-wan: It looked so elegant. I want to get one for my wife.
Su Li-zhen Chan: Mr. Chow, you're so good to your wife!
Chow Mo-wan: Not really! My wife is so fussy. Her birthday is some days away. I don't know what to get her. Could you buy one for me to give her?
Su Li-zhen Chan: Maybe she wouldn't want one just exactly the same.
Chow Mo-wan: You're right, I didn't think of that.
Su Li-zhen Chan: A woman would mind.
Chow Mo-wan: Yes, especially since we're neighbors. Do they come in other colors?
Su Li-zhen Chan: I'd have to ask my husband.
Chow Mo-wan: Why?
Su Li-zhen Chan: He bought it for me on a business trip abroad. They aren't on sale here.
Chow Mo-wan: Then never mind.
Su Li-zhen Chan: Actually... I want to ask you something too. Where did you buy your tie?
Chow Mo-wan: I don't know where it came from. My wife buys all my ties.
Su Li-zhen Chan: Really?
Chow Mo-wan: She bought this one on a business trip abroad. It's not on sale here.
Su Li-zhen Chan: What a coincidence!
Chow Mo-wan: Yes.
Su Li-zhen Chan: Actually... My husband has one just like it. He said it was a gift from his boss. So he wears it every day.
Chow Mo-wan: And my wife has a bag just like yours.
Su Li-zhen Chan: I know, I've seen it.
Chow Mo-wan: What are you getting at, actually?
Su Li-zhen Chan: I thought I was the only one who knew.
Su Li-zhen Chan: You notice things if you pay attention.
Chow Mo-wan: It's me. If there's an extra ticket... would you go with me?
Su Li-zhen Chan: It's me. If there's an extra ticket... would you go with me?
Su Li-zhen Chan: Why did you call me at the office today?
Chow Mo-wan: I had nothing to do. I wanted to hear your voice.
Receptionist at 'Singapore Daily': Hello, Singapore Daily.
Receptionist at 'Singapore Daily': Hold on.
Receptionist at 'Singapore Daily': Mr. Chow, call for you.
Chow Mo-wan: Thanks!
Chow Mo-wan: Hello?
Chow Mo-wan: Hello?
Chow Mo-wan: I have a chapter to finish.
Su Li-zhen Chan: Where have you got to?
Chow Mo-wan: The drunken master just showed up.
Su Li-zhen Chan: When did he get written in?
Chow Mo-wan: Just now!
Su Li-zhen Chan: Am I hopeless?
Chow Mo-wan: Not really.
Caption: That era has passed. Nothing that belonged to it exists anymore.     