
Beth Heke: Our people once were warriors. But unlike you, Jake, they were people with mana, pride; people with spirit. If my spirit can survive living with you for eighteen years, then I can survive anything.
Jake Heke: Cook the man some fucking eggs!
Jake Heke: Well fuck off, then! You'll get nothing from me.
Beth Heke: You have nothing I want, Jake.
Jake Heke: Barman! Six milkshakes - easy on the ice cream!
Jake Heke: Uncle Bully...
Jake Heke: UNCLE FUCKING BULLY!
Policewoman: Beth Heke?
Beth Heke: What now?
Policeman: He's been keeping bad company.
Beth Heke: Was that before or after you picked him up?
Jake Heke: I bought seafood today - bloody everything! Just wanted to put a smile on her face. Think she'd let me? Not a chance. All I said was that I got laid off. Anybody would've thought I'd told her my prick had dropped off!
Jake Heke: I was right... too much weights, not enough speedwork. Useless prick.
Te Tupaea: The British used to think the bayonet was the most lethal of all hand to hand combat weapons, till they came across our warriors, who fought with the Taiaha. You think your fist is your weapon? When I have taught you, your mind will be.
Grace Heke: People show their true feelings when they're drunk.
Jake Heke: I'll kill you first!
Beth Heke: Well go on, do it! You're still a slave Jake. To your fists. To the drink. To yourself. Well go on - kill the bloody lot of us!
Jake Heke: In case you wanna know it's Jake. Jake The Muss.
Nig Heke: Got any money?
Beth Heke: What do you want money for? You've got everything you need right here. You got booze... food.
Jake Heke: You're a fucken mess. Don't you ever speak to me again you hear?
Beth Heke: He's gone! He's gone to welfare! And you slept through the whole bloody thing.
Jake Heke: Is that all? Is that what all this slamming of fucking doors, crying and carrying on is about?
Boogie: Let me go you black bastard!
Te Tupaea: We are the same color, BOY!
Jake Heke: You're still a bloody attractive woman, you know.
Beth Heke: What? After you take after me with your fists? Make me sick.
Huata Heke: Where are we going mum?
Beth Heke: We're going home.
Jake Heke: Oh fuck all that warrior shit! You'll be back, you'll fucking see! You need me! You fucking want me! You'll be back! Fuck you, Beth! Go on, go!
Toot: Friends forever G.
Toot: That's all I ever meant, honest. But you're right, I'm just a stupid kid who lives in an old wreck of a car!
Boogie: She loved you Man, she loved you.
Jake Heke: Where the fuck you off to? Come have a feed boy!
Nig Heke: Nuh.
Jake Heke: Fuck him!
Grace Heke: Why's everything so black, Toot?
Toot: Dunno - maybe cos we're all bloody Maoris!
Nig Heke: You're drunk.
Beth Heke: I'm not drunk, I'm happy!
Nig Heke: You're outta you're fucken head!
Mavis: Jesus girl, is that the result of one hell of an orgasm or what?
Mavis: You know the rules - keep your mouth shut and your legs open!
Jake Heke: Fuck woman you look awful, go clean yourself up.
Beth Heke: This is as cleaned up as I get you bastard.
Beth Heke: You did this to me you bastard! I hope you spew your guts out.
Jake Heke: Tell Jakey you love him.
Beth Heke: That's the trouble Jake, I do.
Beth Heke: Got your period bub? Bound to make you a bit uptight eh!
Beth Heke: You raped a 13 year old girl and sat here drinking with her father while the rest of us buried her!
Bully: You should learn to control your Missus.
Beth Heke: Sneaking around the house laying your filthy fucking hands on my baby!
Jake Heke: You would rather stay with a pad of fucking wankers!
Jake Heke: You do as you're fucking told!     