
Capt. Crewe: What are you doing? Memorizing me by heart?
Sara Crewe: No... I already know you by heart.
Miss Minchin: And you will perform all her chores in addition to your own without breakfast, lunch, OR dinner! It's time you learn, Sara Crewe, that real life has nothing to do with your little fantasy games. It's a cruel, nasty world out there, and it's our duty to make the best of it - not to indulge in ridiculous *dreams*, but to be productive and useful! Do you understand what I'm saying?
Sara Crewe: Yes, ma'am.
Miss Minchin: Good.
Sara Crewe: But I don't believe in it.
Miss Minchin: Don't tell me you still fancy yourself a princess!
Miss Minchin: Good God, child, look around you! Or better yet, look in the mirror!
Sara Crewe: I am a princess.
Miss Minchin: Oh!
Sara Crewe: All girls are! Even if they live in tiny old attics, even if they dress in rags, even if they aren't pretty, or smart, or young, they're still princesses - all of us! Didn't your father ever tell you that? Didn't he?
Miss Minchin: If I find you up here with any of the girls again, I WILL THROW YOU OUT INTO THE STREET!
Sara Crewe: Papa? Maya told me that all girls are princesses.
Capt. Crewe: Maya... is a very wise woman.
Sara Crewe: Then it's true?
Capt. Crewe: You can be anything you want to be, my love, as long as you believe.
Sara Crewe: What do you believe?
Capt. Crewe: I believe that you are... and always will be... my little princess.
Capt. Crewe: You know, dolls make the very best friends. Just because they can't speak doesn't mean they don't listen. And did you know that when we leave them alone in our room, they come to life?
Sara Crewe: They do?
Capt. Crewe: Yes! But before we walk in and catch them, they return to their place as quick as lightning!
Sara Crewe: Why don't they come to life in front of us so we can see them?
Capt. Crewe: Because it's magic. Magic has to be believed. It's the only way it's real.
Capt. Crewe: What is it? Why are you crying? Please tell me. I won't hurt you. Won't you tell me your name?
Sara Crewe: Sara.
Capt. Crewe: 'Sara'... that's such a pretty name. Sara...
Sara Crewe: Papa...
Sara Crewe: Papa...
Capt. Crewe: What did you say?
Sara Crewe: Papa...
Capt. Crewe: I'm sorry...
Sara Crewe: Papa, it's me! It's Sara!
Capt. Crewe: Sara, do you know me?
Sara Crewe: Oh, God, papa, don't you remember me?
Miss Minchin: She must be in here!
Sara Crewe: Papa, please! You've got to know me! It's Sara, remember? Remember India and Maya? Remember the Ramayana... and Emily? And the locket with Mama's picture in it?
Capt. Crewe: No...
Sara Crewe: Oh, God, papa, please!
Miss Minchin: Sara!
Sara Crewe: Papa, please!
Charles Randolph: Do you know this man?
Sara Crewe: Papa, tell them!
Miss Minchin: This child has no father. Take her away!
Sara Crewe: No! No! Papa!
Capt. Crewe: I'm so sorry...
Amelia Minchin: I swear, that child has a pact with Satan to destroy me!
Maya: All women are princesses, it is our right.
Lottie: I want a big piece!
Lavinia: Oh hush up, Lottie! I'm sure *Princess Sara* will give everyone a fair share. Right, Princess?
Lottie: I told her that's what you were.
Sara Crewe: Well, not just me, *all* girls are princesses. Even snotty, two-face bullies like *you*, Lavinia!
Sara Crewe: Don't cry, Becky.
Becky: I'm scared. If Minchin throws me out, I got no place to go.
Sara Crewe: That's not true. I'm here with you. I've always thought of us as sisters.
Becky: You have?
Sara Crewe: Let's make a promise right now: to always look out for each other.
Becky: It's a promise.
Capt. Crewe: Sometimes when I dream, I sense a part of me that's missing. It's a strange feeling having your heart remember something your mind can not.
Capt. Crewe: Whenever you're afraid, or miss me terribly... just tell Emily. And she'll get the message to me, wherever I am. And I'll send one back right away... so that when you hug her... you'll really be getting a hug from me.
Sara Crewe: ...It's alright, Papa. I'm going to be fine.
Sara Crewe: Look! Just what we ordered!
Becky: I'm a little scared about all of this.
Sara Crewe: Me, too. Do you think we shouldn't eat it?
Becky: I'm not that scared!
Sara Crewe: One knock means, "I'm here." Two knocks means, "All is well." Three knocks means, "The coast is clear - the demon Minchinweed is asleep."
Becky: Sara... why don't you tell your stories anymore?
Sara Crewe: They're just make-believe. They don't mean anything.
Becky: Oh, but they've always meant something to me. There were days I thought I would die, until I heard you talk about the magic.
Sara Crewe: There is no magic, Becky.
Miss Minchin: What are you doing?
Sara Crewe: I couldn't bear to see Charlotte marry that awful man, so I imagined a different ending.
Miss Minchin: You imagined it?
Sara Crewe: Don't you ever do that, Miss Minchin? Believe in something just to make it seem real?
Miss Minchin: I suppose that's rather easy for a child who has everything.
Miss Minchin: And now from now on, there will be no more 'make believe' at this school during reading hour or at any other time. Is that understood?
Girls: Yes, Miss Minchin.
Miss Minchin: Now all of you go to your beds this instant.
Miss Minchin: And because of the expenses you've incurred, everything you own now belongs to me: your clothes, your toys, everything, though it will hardly make up for the financial losses I've suffered. From now on, you must earn your room and board here. You will move to the attic with Becky and work as a servant. If you fail to meet the standards of this institution or if you don't do as you're told, you'll be thrown out. And believe me, Sara, the streets of the city are not kind to homeless beggars.
Miss Minchin: You should report to Mabel in the kitchen promptly at 5 a.m.
Miss Minchin: I could have you arrested for taking this. You're lucky I let you keep that doll. You may have the book, but another incident like this, and I will call the authorities.
Miss Minchin: I expect you to remember, Sara Crewe: you're not a princess any longer.
Sara Crewe: What are you doing here?
Ermengarde: We brought you something.
Ermengarde: Princess Sara, we'd like to present you with something we rescued.
Betsy: In a most dangerous adventure.
Gertrude: Our very own crusade.
Rosemary: Risking all our lives.
Lottie: And mine too.
Sara Crewe: I - I don't know what to say. You all are the best friends anyone could ever ask for!
Rosemary: That's it! I can't take it anymore! I don't care what you say about Sara's stories. They've got to be more fun than watching your hair being combed!
Lavinia: If anyone else feels the same way, I think she should leave, too!
Miss Minchin: Sara, this is Monsieur Dufarge. You will begin French lessons with him this afternoon.
Sara Crewe: Do I have to?
Miss Minchin: Sara! You most certainly do! Now apologize to Monsieur this instant for your rudeness!
Sara Crewe: But I didn't mean to be rude.
Miss Minchin: Now!
Monsieur Dufarge: This child doesn't need to learn French, she practically *is* French! Says she learned it from her father.
Miss Minchin: I understood perfectly well what she said, Monsieur.
Sara Crewe: I'm sorry, but we tried to tell you.
Monsieur Dufarge: Well, perhaps she can tutor the younger children, and she might just be able to help you with your pronunciation, Miss Minchin.
Monsieur Dufarge: Are those sausages I smell? Oh...
Charles Randolph: All the hoping... you must think me a fool.
Ram Dass: Is it your wish to be wise, sahib?
Charles Randolph: I don't know. I suppose a wise man wouldn't have come here at all.
Ram Dass: But if he had, he would have looked more closely upon the soldier's face.
Charles Randolph: And what would he have seen?
Ram Dass: Pain, sahib. He needs to be cared for.
Charles Randolph: He's not my responsibility.
Ram Dass: A wise man would remember that this soldier was in John's regiment. If his memory returns... he might tell sahib what happened to his son. Perhaps sahib would learn that John is in British hospital now wishing a kind man would take him home... away from his pain.
Amelia Minchin: Sara, come quick! It's Lottie; I think she's possessed!
Miss Minchin: A child from the school has escaped into your house.
Charles Randolph: Ram Dass, what's going on here?
Miss Minchin: I'm sorry to bother you, but there's a child hiding in your house unlawfully!
Charles Randolph: What?
Miss Minchin: Search the rooms upstairs!
Sara Crewe: Thank you.
Miss Minchin: Sara, there's no talking at the table.
Sara Crewe: Doesn't seem natural.
Miss Minchin: I won't say it again.
Miss Minchin: UGH! Soot all over the place! You clumsy fool, GET OUT! Get out of my house this instant!
Miss Minchin: And you can forget being paid this week! Ungrateful little wretch!
Miss Minchin: Oh no, you don't! I told you, I wouldn't tolerate the slightest bit of SOOT in this house! And there - just look at my BOOT! IT'S FILTHY!
Miss Minchin: Get out - OUT!
Miss Minchin: And take this ridiculous-looking thing with you!
Rich Boy in Street: Here, little girl.
Becky: Sara, you'll fall!
Sara Crewe: I can do it. I'll come back for you. I promise.
    