
Vincent Hanna: My life's a disaster zone. I got a stepdaughter so fucked up because her real father's this large-type asshole. I got a wife, we're passing each other on the down-slope of a marriage - my third - because I spend all my time chasing guys like you around the block. That's my life.
Neil McCauley: A guy told me one time, "Don't let yourself get attached to anything you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat around the corner." Now, if you're on me and you gotta move when I move, how do you expect to keep a... a marriage?
Vincent Hanna: I'm angry. I'm very angry, Ralph. You know, you can ball my wife if she wants you to. You can lounge around here on her sofa, in her ex-husband's dead-tech, post-modernistic bullshit house if you want to. But you do not get to watch my fucking television set!
Vincent Hanna: Who? Who? What are you, a fucking owl?
Roger Van Zant: What are you doing?
Neil McCauley: What am I doing? I'm talking to an empty telephone.
Roger Van Zant: I don't understand.
Neil McCauley: 'Cause there is a dead man on the other end of this fuckin' line
Vincent Hanna: You know, we are sitting here, you and I, like a couple of regular fellas. You do what you do, and I do what I gotta do. And now that we've been face to face, if I'm there and I gotta put you away, I won't like it. But I tell you, if it's between you and some poor bastard whose wife you're gonna turn into a widow, brother, you are going down.
Neil McCauley: There is a flip side to that coin. What if you do got me boxed in and I gotta put you down? Cause no matter what, you will not get in my way. We've been face to face, yeah. But I will not hesitate. Not for a second.
Eady: You travel a lot?
Neil McCauley: Yeah.
Eady: Traveling makes you lonely?
Neil McCauley: I'm alone, I am not lonely.
Neil McCauley: Told you I'm never going back...
Vincent Hanna: Yeah.
Vincent Hanna: So you never wanted a regular type life?
Neil McCauley: What the fuck is that? Barbeques and ballgames?
Alan Marciano: Why'd I get mixed up with that bitch?
Vincent Hanna: Cause she's got a great ass... and you got your head all the way up it! Ferocious, aren't I? When I think of asses, a woman's ass, something comes out of me.
Vincent Hanna: I say what I mean, and I do what I say.
Vincent Hanna: I got an idea... of what they're looking at.
Vincent Hanna: You wanna know what they're looking at?
Vincent Hanna: I mean - is this guy something, or is he something?
Vincent Hanna: This crew is good.
Vincent Hanna: You know what they're looking at?
Schwartz: What?
Vincent Hanna: Us. The L-A-P-D. Po-lice Department... We just got made.
Neil McCauley: I do what I do best, I take scores. You do what you do best, try to stop guys like me.
Vincent Hanna: What are you, a monk?
Neil McCauley: I have a woman.
Vincent Hanna: What do you tell her?
Neil McCauley: I tell her I'm a salesman.
Vincent Hanna: So then, if you spot me coming around that corner... you just gonna walk out on this woman? Not say good bye?
Neil McCauley: That's the discipline.
Vincent Hanna: That's pretty vacant, you know.
Neil McCauley: Yeah, it is what it is. It's that or we both better go do something else, pal.
Vincent Hanna: I don't know how to do anything else.
Neil McCauley: Neither do I.
Vincent Hanna: I don't much want to either.
Neil McCauley: Neither do I.
Albert Torena: Where's your empathy, brother? It's a substance abuse problem.
Vincent Hanna: Empathy was yesterday. Today, you're wasting my motherfucking time.
Vincent Hanna: Seven years in Folsom. In the hole for three. McNeil before that. McNeil as tough as they say?
Neil McCauley: You lookin' to become a penologist?
Vincent Hanna: You lookin' to go back? You know, I chased down some crews; guys just lookin' to fuck up, get busted back. That you?
Neil McCauley: You must've worked some dipshit crews.
Vincent Hanna: I worked all kinds.
Neil McCauley: You see me doin' thrill-seeker liquor store holdups with a "Born to Lose" tattoo on my chest?
Vincent Hanna: No, I do not.
Neil McCauley: Right. I am never goin' back.
Vincent Hanna: Then don't take down scores.
Michael Cheritto: Well ya know, for me, the action is the juice.
Richard Torena: I'm a good citizen.
Vincent Hanna: I'm Donald Duck!
Chris Shiherlis: For me the sun rises and sets with her, man.
Neil McCauley: I don't even know what I'm doing anymore. I know life is short, whatever time you get is luck. You want to walk? You walk right now. Or on your own... on your own you choose to come with me. And all I know is... all I know is there's no point in me going anywhere anymore if it's going to be alone... without you.
Neil McCauley: Don't let yourself get attached to anything you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat around the corner.
Neil McCauley: He knew the risks, he didn't have to be there. It rains... you get wet.
Neil McCauley: Don't move! Don't fuckin' move! Put your hands in the air! Put your hands in the air! Put 'em up!
Neil McCauley: Get on your knees! Get on your knees!
Neil McCauley: We want to hurt no one! We're here for the bank's money, not your money. Your money is insured by the federal government, you're not gonna lose a dime! Think of your families, don't risk your life. Don't try and be a hero!
Vincent Hanna: I gotta hold on to my angst. I preserve it because I need it. It keeps me sharp, on the edge, where I gotta be.
Justine Hanna: I guess the earth shattered?
Vincent Hanna: So why didn't you let Bosko take you home?
Justine Hanna: I didn't wanna ruin their night too. What was it?
Vincent Hanna: You don't wanna know.
Justine Hanna: I'd like to know what's behind that grim look on your face.
Vincent Hanna: I don't do that. You know it. Let's go, come on.
Justine Hanna: You never told me I'd be excluded.
Vincent Hanna: I told you, when we hooked up, baby, that you were gonna have to share me with all the bad people and all the ugly events on this planet.
Justine Hanna: And I bought into that sharing. Because I love you. I love you fat, bald, money, no money, driving a bus - I don't care. But you have got to be present like a normal guy, some of the time. That's sharing. This is not sharing, this is left overs.
Vincent Hanna: Oh, I see, what I should do is, er, come home and say "Hi honey! Guess what? I walked into this house today, where this junkie asshole just fried his baby in a microwave, because it was crying too loud. So let me share that with you. Come on, let's share that, and in sharing it, we'll somehow, er, cathartically dispel all that heinous shit". Right?
Vincent Hanna: Wrong.
Lillian Breedan: I met the manager. Is that the boss?
Donald Breedan: I did time for what that motherfucker does every day!
Lillian Breedan: Baby - can you just handle it till we find you something new? Can you do that?
Donald Breedan: Ain't a hard time been invented that I cannot handle... What you hangin' with me for, Lily?
Lillian Breedan: Because I'm proud of you.
Donald Breedan: You're proud of me? What the hell're you proud of me for?
Lillian Breedan: Come on home.
Charlene Shiherlis: What else are you selling?
Sgt. Drucker: All kinds of shit. But I don't have to sell this and you know it, 'cause this kind of shit here sells itself.
Neil McCauley: L.A.P.D. Gee, what, where the fuck did this heat come from?
Chris Shiherlis: Maybe it's the score they were onto, the place, not us. 'Cause it's been hit a couple of times, you know, or something?
Neil McCauley: Assume they got our phones, assume they got our houses, assume they got us, right here, right now as we sit, everything. Assume it all.
Justine Hanna: You don't live with me, you live among the remains of dead people. You sift through the detritus, you read the terrain, you search for signs of passing, for the scent of your prey, and then you hunt them down. That's the only thing you're committed to. The rest is the mess you leave as you pass through.
Chris Shiherlis: When are you gonna get some furniture?
Neil McCauley: When I get around to it.
Richard Torena: There's this cat I was locked up with in Folsom: did a couple, two-three years. He got out, and I ran into him.
Vincent Hanna: And so?
Richard Torena: He's a big fiend for action. Now if he'd said nothin', I'd have thought nothin'. But he goes on and on running down to me about how he ain't been doing nothin' and nothin's been going on and all this other bullshit, so right then and there I know: this cat's got somethin' goin' down.
Vincent Hanna: Pretty fuckin' great.
Vincent Hanna: Albert, what's wrong with you? You drag me here, waste my time like this.
Vincent Hanna: You saw a guy, on the street, who's an ex-con?
Richard Torena: That's right.
Vincent Hanna: Well I am... over-fuckin' whelmed. What d'you want for that, a junior g-man badge?
Richard Torena: Hey man, you gonna make the call on them Porsches or what?
Vincent Hanna: Is he fucking kidding me?
Vincent Hanna: So, what do you got for me?
Richard Torena: Before we even get into that, there's something we gotta get straight. There's a garage over off Sunset and Fig'. Now if someone were to pay it a visit tonight, they might find a pair of Turbos and a 911 Slope.
Vincent Hanna: You're looking to rid yourself of your competition.
Richard Torena: Well lemme put it another way, cousin. How do I know, that when I tell you what you wanna know, that you're gonna do what I need fucking done?
Albert Torena: Richard, look! Vincent's cool man! He and I have dealings all the time, brother!
Vincent Hanna: I ain't your cousin you rat motherfucker. And you know, because I *say* you know!
Vincent Hanna: When these guys walk out the door of whatever score they're gonna take next, they're gonna have the surprise of a lifetime.
Neil McCauley: Neil McCauley: Look at me. *Look at me!*
Waingro: Neil McCauley: Look at me!
Waingro: Neil McCauley: Waingro: Neil McCauley: Vincent Hanna: That's exactly what they're gonna do, they're gonna walk. This is my operation, I have tactical command that supercedes your rank, they will walk away and you will let them...
Chris Shiherlis: Charlene's gonna leave me.
Neil McCauley: Why?
Chris Shiherlis: Not enough steaks in the freezer.
Neil McCauley: I have one where I'm drowning. And I gotta wake myself up and start breathing or I'll die in my sleep.
Vincent Hanna: You know what that's about?
Neil McCauley: Yeah. Having enough time.
Vincent Hanna: Enough time? To do what you wanna do?
Neil McCauley: That's right.
Vincent Hanna: You doin' it now?
Neil McCauley: No, not yet.
Vincent Hanna: By the time I get to Phoenix, we'll be rising. He'll probably leave a note right on the door.
Neil McCauley: Take off your shirt.
Dr. Bob: What?
Neil McCauley: Take off your shirt.
Dr. Bob: My - my God - my daughter gave it to me for Father's Day...
Neil McCauley: I don't give a shit who gave it to you, take it off!
Sgt. Drucker: You recognize the MO?
Vincent Hanna: M.O.? Is that they're good... Once it escalated into a murder one beef for all of 'em after they killed the first two guards, they didn't hesitate. Pop guard number three because... what difference does it make? Why leave a living witness? Drop of a hat these guys will rock and roll...
Neil McCauley: Gimme the key!
Bank Guy: What key?
Neil McCauley: Don't move! Sit there. Sit there! Let it bleed.
Vincent Hanna: You know what? Neil is gone. Bam! Flying like a bird.
Detective Casals: Vincent, how do you? We still got bait. Maybe some time.
Vincent Hanna: Got. Got. What've we got? *What've we got?* Bon voyage, motherfucker. You were good. I'm going to the hotel. Gonna take a shower. Gonna sleep, for a month.
Vincent Hanna: Don't waste my motherfucking time!
Chris Shiherlis: When are you gonna get a lady?
Neil McCauley: When I get around to it.
Neil McCauley: Chris. Hey - Chris. Listen to me. Nate's gonna pick you up. He's gonna take you to his place.
Chris Shiherlis: Where's Charlene?
Neil McCauley: We gotta get outta here. We're all over the six o'clock news. We gotta get outta here.
Chris Shiherlis: I'm not going with... out her.
Neil McCauley: Think about that. I will meet you at Nate's.
Chris Shiherlis: Where're you going?
Neil McCauley: I gotta find out if our out got spilled along with every other damn thing.
Chris Shiherlis: Who did it?
Neil McCauley: Who wasn't there? Trejo. - I'll see you at Nate's.
Justine Hanna: You prefer the normal routine. We fuck, then you lose the power of speech.
Charlene Shiherlis: It's like risk versus reward, baby.
Roger Van Zant: Who are you?
Waingro: Waingro. My name's Waingro.
Roger Van Zant: I've been living in the office day and night, how well do you know him?
Waingro: Oh, we took some major scores together.
Roger Van Zant: How come I haven't heard from him?
Waingro: Well, he's probably busy right now. But he's real thorough. He ain't gon' forget about you.
Roger Van Zant: Oh that's reassuring.
Nate: What happened out there?
Neil McCauley: Don't ask...
Donald Breedan: Yeah man. Fuck it. You on.
Vincent Hanna: Gimme all you got!
Neil McCauley: you live in this neighborhood?
Eady: No, I live above Sunset Plaza, it's a little house I rent and it's a little rundown but has a beautiful view, what about you?
Neil McCauley: I live in Venice Boulevard, where's your family originally from?
Eady: We're Scots Irish, they immigrated to America in the late seventeen hundreds, where are you originally from?
Neil McCauley: Bay area.
Eady: Are your folks there?
Neil McCauley: My mother died a long time ago I don't know where my father is. I have a brother somewhere but sounds like you have a tight family I can tell. In L.A. the city of lights, in Fuji they have these iridescent algae that come out once a year in the water, it looks like L.A. at night.
Eady: You've been there?
Neil McCauley: No, I'm going there some day.
Vincent Hanna: It's like you said. All I am is what I'm going after.
Vincent Hanna: Are you Alan Marciano?
Alan Marciano: Yea. And who the fuck are you?
Sergeant Heinz: You taking this one, Lieutenant? Or does it stay in Division?
Vincent Hanna: Does this look like gangbangers working the local 7-11 to you? Robbery-Homicide's taking it.
Vincent Hanna: Here's the update: Hugh Benny has reformed his wayward life and become a "born again good citizen", apparently Neil got sold out to us by a cowboy named "Waingro", Waingro used to be a part of Neil's crew then he went to work for a money launderer named Van Zant ,units are at Van Zant's house as we speak because he got shot dead earlier tonight, if Neil goes after anyone else, it's going to be Waingro, Waingro just got himself a suite at the airport Marquee under the name "Jameson" he's there now I want you to get that to bail bondsmen, bookies, assignment officers and snitches in county anyone you can think of that will put it out on the street, deploy a team down at the hotel and personally check their COMMS every thirty minutes because maybe Neil would go for him
Vincent Hanna: Find the ambulance?
Detective Casals: They dumped it four blocks from here they torched it guns, clothes everything.
Bosko: They were airborne they taped the last few seconds of the black and whites to a demolition derby
Bosko: It was stolen out of Fresno two weeks ago a yellow pick up truck out of Witter the day before yesterday we got three motorists all they saw was men with masks, console TV man he was closer.
Vincent Hanna: did he ID anybody?
Bosko: he was hiding he heard most of it.
Vincent Hanna: What about them?
Bosko: According to TV man this guy started mouthing off some body called the guard "slick", this guy here has got what it appears to be a double tapped entry wound to the sternum entry wounds to the head means close range probably executed and it was a million six in bearer bonds ignored the loose cash.
Vincent Hanna: Because they had no time because they were on the clock which means they knew our response time to a two eleven had our hair mobilized it enter escape in under three minutes its a good spot here they got good escape routes two freeways within a quarter of a mile.
Detective Casals: traffic video camera?
Vincent Hanna: Probably disabled check it anyway
Vincent Hanna: The shape charge indicates they are technically proficient, proficient enough to go in on the prowl
Vincent Hanna: Lets start looking at recent highline burglaries that are mystified
Vincent Hanna: Run "slick as" an alias through the FBI even the phone book do it anyway
Vincent Hanna: Who's moving the bearer bonds? Check the usual fences you and I will check Cusamano and Torina.
Vincent Hanna: I want you to take Goldstein and Al Farrell.
Vincent Hanna: Hang in forensics from the bomb squad I want the explosive if we're lucky its exotic and we can trace the sale
Neil McCauley: Who was that guy?
Charlene Shiherlis: Nobody.
Neil McCauley: Who was that guy?
Charlene Shiherlis: Nobody.
Neil McCauley: Who is he?
Charlene Shiherlis: His a broker from Las Vegas
Neil McCauley: Chris is going to straighten it up with you.
Charlene Shiherlis: It's too late I'm sick of it.
Neil McCauley: SHUT UP, here's the deal: You'll give Chris one last shot. If he fucks up, I'll finance setting you up any way you want. Dominick too; and my word counts, but you will give him the shot. Now clean up and go home.
Waingro: Anyone want some pie?
Trejo: I gotta go use the john.
Neil McCauley: Waingro: I had to get it on. He was making a move. *I had to get it on.*
Neil McCauley: Michael Cheritto: Neil McCauley: Split's in the car. Took it out of ours, evenly. To make up for his full end. Because I want to pay off and get rid of this motherfucker right now.
Neil McCauley: Trejo: Neil McCauley: Michael Cheritto: HOLD IT!
Neil McCauley: Neil McCauley: Neil McCauley: Don't move. Don't fuckin' move. Put your hands in the air. Put your hands in the air. Put 'em up.
Richard Torena: I get killed for telling you this shit.
Vincent Hanna: ...killed walking your doggie!
Justine Hanna: In a way, you're a party to this.
Vincent Hanna: Oh yeah, I made Ralph fuck you because it makes me feel good.
Trejo: Here we go.
Armoured Guard: 211! 211! We're being held up!
Police Scanner: 211, armored car...
Chris Shiherlis: There's the call. Three minutes.
Chris Shiherlis: Clear!
Neil McCauley: 80 seconds left!
Waingro: Get back. Get back!
Michael Cheritto: Hey slick, see that shit comin' outta their ears? They can't fucking hear you! Cool it!
Chris Shiherlis: All right guys! Let's go!
Waingro: You had to fuck with me.
Waingro: You wanna fuck with me?
Nate: So, so long, brother. You take it easy. You're home free.
Vincent Hanna: What are you going to take them on? Breaking and entering? They didn't steal anything, don't you get it? It gets knocked back to some chicken shit misdemeanor they do six months and their out, no fucking way
Chris Shiherlis: How are we going fund the bank job?
Neil McCauley: I'll front that that's not a problem
Michael Cheritto: what the hell happens to Van Zant's seven fifty?
Neil McCauley: With the heat we got now you want to play world war two in the streets with Van Zant?
Michael Cheritto: No I want my seven fifty he gets a pass?
Neil McCauley: I got more motivation to whack Van Zant than either of you right now he is a fucking luxury
Michael Cheritto: I'll roll with you Neil whatever
Neil McCauley: No not on this one, on this one you're on your own
Michael Cheritto: You figure this is the best thing to do?
Neil McCauley: I got plans I'm going away after this for me the reward is worth the stretch but Elaine takes good care of you, you got plenty put away, T-Bonds real estate if I were you I would be smart, I'd cut loose of this
Neil McCauley: Did you have a good time?
Eady: No.
Neil McCauley: Why not?
Eady: I'm not good at meeting people.
Neil McCauley: You met me, take off with me for a while
Eady: Where are we going?
Neil McCauley: New Zealand.
Eady: When?
Neil McCauley: I have to separately but you'll meet me there.
Eady: What about my job?
Neil McCauley: You don't need money I got plenty, you could set up a studio and do work there
Eady: I don't know.
Neil McCauley: What's there to know?
Eady: Are you married?
Neil McCauley: What?
Eady: You come and go.
Neil McCauley: Last thing I am is married. I'm a needle starting at zero, and all of a sudden someone like you comes along.
Eady: You don't know me.
Neil McCauley: I know enough come with me.
Eady: What's wrong?
Neil McCauley: Nothing's wrong everything's right, will you go?
Eady: Yeah.
Neil McCauley: Good
Nate: nobody knew the "merch" was yours, be that as it may, my way you get a hundred percent from the insurance company and take the bonds back from us at sixty cents on the dollar, make yourself another forty percent. The operation doesn't skip a beat, everybody makes out
Roger Van Zant: sure you got a deal
Nate: good, this percentage, nobody gets their underwear twisted over this
Roger Van Zant: yeah, so you have your man call me and we'll set up the meet
Nate: yeah ok
Roger Van Zant: nice talking to you
Hugh Benny: you're going to deal with these guys?
Roger Van Zant: so, word's out on the street: it's ok to steal my stuff, I'm going to kill these sons of bitches, have Harry bring me the spreadsheets for Canary Islands offshore
Waingro: yeah?
Neil McCauley: security, there's a fire on three, we have to evacuate all floors.
Waingro: I can't leave here
Waingro: look, why don't we just talk about this a bit, brother?
Donald Breedan: Haven't got my break yet, man.
Solenko, Restaurant Manager: Cisco and Pancho didn't show. Haul out the garbage, mop up the back, take your break later.
Donald Breedan: Piece of shit.
Donald Breedan: Pick up!
Lauren Gustafson: Mom, my barrettes are not on the couch!
Justine Hanna: Wear the blue ones!
Lauren Gustafson: I don't want to wear the blue ones. They don't match!
Justine Hanna: Did you check the bathroom?
Lauren Gustafson: I checked everywhere.
Justine Hanna: What do you want me to do?
Lauren Gustafson: Find them!
Lauren Gustafson: Mom! Pay attention!
Justine Hanna: All right, sweetie. All right!
Lauren Gustafson: Daddy's going to be here! I can't be late!
Justine Hanna: You won't be late.
Lauren Gustafson: *I will be late!*
Construction Clerk: Check, charge, or cash?
Hooker: Hey baby, time to go.
Waingro: Showed you a good time, didn't I?
Hooker: Oh yeah. You fly. You cool.
Waingro: You're lying to me. I can always tell when people lie to me.
Hooker: I ain't lying. You're a hot dog. A regular rodeo rider. And this was the monster fuck of my young life.
Breedan: Ain't a hard time been invented that I cannot handle.
Chris Shiherlis: The bank is worth the risk. I need it, brother. We should stay and take it down.
Michael Cheritto: What do you want to be when you grow up, honey?
Linda Cherrito: I don't know.
Michael Cheritto: She doesn't know. Just like me, I don't know either.
Bosko: I figure this guy went for that hold out piece, ankle holster right from here. Bang, bang, bang-bang-bang.
Vincent Hanna: Ha! Okay, motherfucker.
Neil McCauley: I'm looking for a driver that can handle scanners and a radio right now today, you remember the drill?
Donald Breedan: Yeah man sure
Neil McCauley: You cool?
Donald Breedan: You know I'm cool
Neil McCauley: One answer right now, yes or no?
Donald Breedan: Yeah fuck it, you're on
Neil McCauley: Out back in five
Vincent Hanna: They dumped all our surveillance?
Detective Casals: Yeah, at the same time 9PM
Vincent Hanna: I had coffee with McCauley half an hour ago
Detective Casals: We were on you, then he drives into LAX where surveillance can't fly over because of flight paths his car's still there he's gone
Sgt. Drucker: If you don't betray Chris, you victimize Dominick because he becomes an orphan when you go to prison as an accessory because you have no living parents to take him, so he ends up state raised at foster homes and juvenile facilities, then he steals a car and winds up at prisons like Chino, "fucked for life", you know what happens, because you've been there, Dominick didn't get a chance to choose his life but Chris did, if you do betray Chris you get off clean, you can do it for your kid so you can raise him yourself.
Vincent Hanna: Tell SIS I want full surveillance on McCauley twenty four hours around the clock day and night never close open seven days a week bug, the car and the house I want pictures of who he moves with and sits with then you guys run makes on them if they got jackets I want to see who they move and sit with and I want it up and running by tomorrow night
Neil McCauley: What is it?
Kelso: It's a bank, the depot's cash for distribution on Thursdays to the other branches to cover Friday's payroll checks so on Thursday's the command branch has got a full whack
Neil McCauley: On the prowl or strong?
Kelso: Strong through the front door
Neil McCauley: How many guys?
Kelso: Four or three plus a driver, you walk in you knock the guards over and you walk out,
Neil McCauley: You want a hundred advance plus ten percent cut for that? Sounds like an address to a "cowboy score" they hit the holdup alarms I've got to get out before the cops show, what that is that?
Kelso: They have three multiple alarm systems, two telco and a cellular but the signals aren't going anywhere because the night before you cut in and trick out the alarm system's computer to turn itself and the video recorders off twenty minutes before you walk in the door
Neil McCauley: What about architectural and electrical engineering plans?
Kelso: I got all the schematics
Neil McCauley: What's the estimate?
Kelso: 12.1 To 12.2 million
Eady: What are you reading?
Neil McCauley: A book about metals
Eady: What kind of work do you do?
Neil McCauley: Lady, why are you so interested in what I read or what I do?
Eady: I've seen you in the book store from time to time, I work there, if you don't want to talk to me that's ok, I'm sorry I bothered you
Neil McCauley: I didn't mean to be rude. I didn't recognize you. I work in metals I'm a salesman, you like working there?
Eady: Sure, I get a discount there's a whole section of books in my area.
Neil McCauley: What area is that?
Eady: Graphic design, the store's a day job until I got enough going.
Neil McCauley: Who do you do that for?
Eady: A restaurant, their menus and a small record label their CD covers, I've done two so far.
Neil McCauley: You go to school for that?
Eady: Yeah I went to Parsons
Neil McCauley: Where's that?
Eady: New York City
Neil McCauley: How long you've been here?
Vincent Hanna: You were supposed to get back to me last night, where the fuck have you been?
Albert Torena: I couldn't break free
Sgt. Drucker: Let's violate his ass right now
Vincent Hanna: I "do" for you, you don't "do" for me is that it?
Albert Torena: I swear I was out all night generating leads and shit for you, I'm cutting it real smooth. I'm a dancer
Sgt. Drucker: Bullshit, you're a speed freak you're jacking amphetamines again
Vincent Hanna: Did you fall in love last night? Just tell me that, I'll buy that
Albert Torena: I swear my brother Richard's is going to talk to you, he'll meet you tonight he'll meet you at BJ'S at 2AM
Vincent Hanna: You be there too
Nate: Vice sergeant, graduate school, marine corps, lieutenant in robbery homicide, major crimes unit. He's taken down some heavy crews. He's a fucking maniac! He was working narcotics before that, and has been three marriages times, what'd you think that means? He like staying at home? Be it as it may, he's one of these guys out there prowling around all night, dedicated.
Trejo: There's cops all over me like a cheap suit, I can't dump them
Neil McCauley: Did they see you spot them?
Trejo: No their doing parallels I can try dumping them again
Neil McCauley: How are we going to know you did? If you can't, don't draw them to us, get them out of here!
Vincent Hanna: Alright we're going to have to take them in the car wait until their all in, take clean shots, and watch your background
Neil McCauley: So, how is he?
Dr. Bob: His got blood loss and shock, so I'll give him some morphine for the pain.
Neil McCauley: What's the bottom line?
Dr. Bob: It's mostly tissue damage which is good but his clavicle is fractured, can he rest for a while?
Neil McCauley: Six to seven hours.
Dr. Bob: That's it?
Neil McCauley: That's it.
Neil McCauley: Who did this?
Trejo: They made me
Neil McCauley: Who?
Trejo: Waingro
Neil McCauley: Waingro, on his own?
Trejo: No, with the guy his working for, Van Zant.
Neil McCauley: Did you say anything about how we're getting out?
Trejo: I don't think so I don't remember
Neil McCauley: I'll call a medic
Trejo: Where's Anna?
Neil McCauley: She's dead
Trejo: I'm not going to make it, I don't feel anything my Anna's gone don't leave me like this
Neil McCauley: Kelso: As I was saying, that's not really an estimate, those are exact figures. I got a record of the cash flow to this bank for the past two months.
Neil McCauley: how do you get this information?
Kelso: It comes to you, this stuff just flies through the air, they send this information "beamed" out over the fucking place, you just got to know how to grab it, see, I know how to grab it.
Vincent Hanna: I want you to get a trauma surgeon and a vascular surgeon. I think she cut both arteries, plu.s I can hardly feel her pulse, her pressure is way down so is her respiration
Children's Hospital Doctor: When was the last time anybody saw her?
Vincent Hanna: I don't know
Children's Hospital Doctor: Where you find her?
Vincent Hanna: Bath tub.
Vincent Hanna: what about her dad, want me to call him?
Justine Hanna: he's somewhere in the Sierras
Vincent Hanna: oh
Justine Hanna: she chose you, she picked your place, it's not right, what happened to her
Vincent Hanna: no it's not
Justine Hanna: is there any way that it could work out between us?
Vincent Hanna: I wish I can say yes you know, but in the end, it's like you said, all I am is what I'm going after. I'm not what you want. Justine
Justine Hanna: well, go on if you have to.
Vincent Hanna: I'll stay
Justine Hanna: no, it's ok, I can handle this, just be careful, call me here and let me know you're ok, ok?
Elaine Cheritto: you are insane
Elaine Cheritto: did you know about this?
Neil McCauley: just don't ask where he got it
Elaine Cheritto: yeah that's what I was going to say
Sgt. Drucker: I paged your ass all day. I can't stand fuckin' pagin'.
Neil McCauley: And I am double the worst trouble you ever had.
Justine Hanna: I may be stoned on grass and Prozac, but... you've been walking through our life dead. And now I have to demean myself with Ralph just to get closure with you.
Waingro: Want some pie brother?
Neil McCauley: Our problem is take the bank or split right now, do not go home, do not pack, nothing. 30 secs flat from now we are gone on our separate ways, that's it...
Neil McCauley: with everything we've been doing?
Chris Shiherlis: Vegas and Super bowl cleaned me out
Neil McCauley: You got something else on the side?
Chris Shiherlis: Nothing regular.
Neil McCauley: Charlene got something else on the side?
Chris Shiherlis: No.
Neil McCauley: You sure?
Chris Shiherlis: Yeah I'm sure
Neil McCauley: Hey it's me
Eady: Hey, I was wondering when you'd call
Neil McCauley: I've been busy, can I see you?
Eady: I was afraid that was just one night you know?
Neil McCauley: Not for me it wasn't
Eady: Yeah me neither
Neil McCauley: Can I come by?
Eady: Yeah
Nate: Are you on a cellular or a hard line?
Neil McCauley: Cellular, It's a new one
Nate: Your guy lives in Hillside Terrace in Encino, 10725
Neil McCauley: 10725
Neil McCauley: What about Chris?
Nate: He's at my place
Neil McCauley: Next, Waingro
Nate: You got the time?
Neil McCauley: I'll make time, I'll need a new "out" laid out
Vincent Hanna: Someone somewhere is trying to put together a new way out for him
Detective Casals: You don't think he already had one already laid out?
Vincent Hanna: Sure he did, would you trust yours after this afternoon?
Detective Casals: How much time we got?
Vincent Hanna: Eight to ten hours tops
Nate: the plane is at the charter terminal, LAX hanger seventeen
Neil McCauley: Where's Chris?
Nate: His gone, his going on back for Charlene
Neil McCauley: Did you bring him here?
Nate: Yeah I did
Neil McCauley: What happened?
Nate: He just took off, it's a free country brother.
Nate: A million six forty cents on the dollar six hundred forty thousand to you and another fifty front money I'll get you the rest in three days
Neil McCauley: Malibu Equity Investments
Nate: They run investment portfolio for offshore drug money
Neil McCauley: What'd we got?
Nate: We ripped off his bearer bonds
Neil McCauley: His got insurance.
Nate: That's the point, he collects a hundred percent from the insurance, he is a "player" and maybe buys his bonds back from us for sixty percent of their value make forty percent on top of the hundred percent but instead of selling it back to him we sell it out on the street that's an extra three hundred thousand to you.
Neil McCauley: Try it on.
Charlene Shiherlis: so what now?
Sgt. Drucker: well he's right if you want "out", this is "out", even if you have to betray Chris
Charlene Shiherlis: no shit
Neil McCauley: Right now I want you to sit on the floor and put your hands on your head, anybody feels sick, anybody got heart trouble, go ahead and lean against the wall.
Sgt. Drucker: one answer: what's it going to be?
Charlene Shiherlis: Charlene Shiherlis: you slimy piece of shit
Alan Marciano: you wanted out from under right? You're scared to death right? If you want "out" this is "out"
Charlene Shiherlis: yeah what's your end?
Harry Dieter: hey you guys working on a case on a Neil McCauley? This C.I Hugh Benny just called in on a bank their looking at or something
Detective Casals: Far East National Bank at 11:30
Sgt. Drucker: take it easy, you heard me, she had a rough ride.
Sgt. Drucker: do you want to put Dominick in the bedroom?
Charlene Shiherlis: he stays with me
Neil McCauley: Waingro, where is he?
Neil McCauley: Where is he?
Roger Van Zant: How the hell would I know?
Detective Casals: they were looking back in this direction, a container facility? what cartage theft? Too visible, too "low ball" for them.
Bosko: next door is a oil refinery, over there is scrap yard
Schwartz: oil refinery, pays only by check, no cash around, same for the scrap yard.
Vincent Hanna: maybe they're stealing hub caps
Vincent Hanna: a oil refinery and a scrap yard, what the hell is going on?
Bosko: that's what we're trying to figure out, we thought we had them
Waingro: you guys always work together?
Michael Cheritto: all the time
Waingro: real tight crew huh?
Michael Cheritto: real tight
Waingro: yeah if this works good I'd consider going again you know?
Michael Cheritto: stop talking ok, slick?
Neil McCauley: how's he doing?
Trejo: a hundred percent, right on schedule, made a right on Venice Boulevard, we're a mile and half from you
Neil McCauley: ok
Trejo: just crossed over the number one lane, three hundred yards from you now
Neil McCauley: get set
Michael Cheritto: I am
Trejo: here we go
Neil McCauley: what the fuck were you doing?
Waingro: the guy was making a move
Neil McCauley: dumb mother fucker
Vincent Hanna: tell me Albert Torena called
Detective Casals: Albert Torena call Vincent?
Sgt. Drucker: no
Detective Casals: no, report came in: the explosive was Dye-ex, linear shaped charge, used in demolition, you can pick it up with a driver's license in Nevada, Arizona, Mexico, too common to trace the sale
Vincent Hanna: oh that's wonderful
Justine Hanna: what happened? Where you been?
Vincent Hanna: work, Lauren's dad show up?
Justine Hanna: didn't call, didn't show
Justine Hanna: we waited for you until ten thirty
Vincent Hanna: does this guy have any idea of what's going on with this kid?
Justine Hanna: I don't know
Vincent Hanna: what a jerk, is she ok?
Justine Hanna: she's been in her room all day, so no, she's not ok, neither am I. I made dinner for us 4 hours ago every time I try to maintain a consistent mood between us you withdraw
Vincent Hanna: I got three dead bodies on the sidewalk off Venice Boulevard. I'm sorry the God damn chicken got over cooked
Neil McCauley: I bought it.
Nate: Good, I told you his legit.
Neil McCauley: your right hand only
Neil McCauley: put your hands where I can see them
Neil McCauley: put your hands where I can see them
Driver at Drive-in: what?
Neil McCauley: I tell what to do, I tell you how to do it
Driver at Drive-in: Neil McCauley: right hand only, your right hand only take the package and throw it in here
Vincent Hanna: hey sweety, what happened? Did you forget your mom was picking you up?
Lauren Gustafson: no
Vincent Hanna: so what's going on?
Lauren Gustafson: I felt like being alone
Vincent Hanna: ok, get in, i'll drive you home
Lauren Gustafson: hey Mike
Bosko: Hi Lauren
Bartender: so where you been?
Waingro: in the SHU at Pelican Bay, B- wing
Bartender: Waingro: I'm a cowboy, looking for anything "heavy", that guy told me to come see you, that is why I am here
Bartender: why don't you call this guy, he's always looking for extra help.
Waingro: thank you, brother.
Vincent Hanna: Open sesame.
Neil McCauley: We walk.
Chris Shiherlis: I'm right there.
Neil McCauley: we walk, now come on.
Captain Jackson: One of them is coming out.
Sgt. Drucker: Just hold it.
Sgt. Drucker: Vincent his not carrying anything.
Vincent Hanna: yeah, I see
Captain Jackson: here we go
Sgt. Drucker: not until my boss says so
Sgt. Drucker: Vincent both of them are not carrying anything
Vincent Hanna: ok let then go
Vincent Hanna: Back to work.
Neil McCauley: You too?
Trejo: Yeah sure.
Michael Cheritto: fuck 'em, let's do it
Neil McCauley: Alright let's go, we got a lot of work to do.
Neil McCauley: today we take delivery cash from Van Zant then I drop off the deposit for Kelso on this bank
Chris Shiherlis: bank? What bank? What about the "platinum" thing that's ready to fall?
Neil McCauley: that goes too, then the bank
Lillian Breedan: you ok?
Donald Breedan: yeah sugar, we're gona do good
Vincent Hanna: what'd ya say I buy you a cup of coffee?
Neil McCauley: yeah sure let's go
Vincent Hanna: follow me
Rachel: here's how we found her
Vincent Hanna: how old?
Rachel: sixteen to seventeen, been here about six hours
Vincent Hanna: how'd she die?
Rachel: he beat her head in, same as the others: Cerebral Hematoma
Vincent Hanna: who's that?
Rachel: mother and siblings...
Vincent Hanna: what the hell are they doing here?
Rachel: it's their block so I guess someone knew the girl and called the family
Vincent Hanna: ok let me see it
Rachel: when I run the DNA and check the semen, my intuition is it's the same guy, so it's a series and ending up in your court
Vincent Hanna: is the Sheriff's homicide getting anywhere yet?
Rachel: not yet
Sgt. Drucker: we're set here, she'll make the call
Sgt. Drucker: yeah, we got a "live" one
Sgt. Drucker: come on sugar, show yourself
Alan Marciano: yeah do it
Sgt. Drucker: Shut up!
Sgt. Drucker: just one second at the window, and it's all over
Charlene Shiherlis: it's not him, it's not Chris
Sgt. Drucker: would you like a cup of coffee while we wait?
Charlene Shiherlis: yeah that'd be nice
Chris Shiherlis: Hey man, do you any place to get something to eat around here?
Basketball Player: Yeah, Baresse restaurant, on Dell Avenue, it's right over there.
Children's Hospital Nurse: Your daughter's out of surgery now and her vital signs are stable, the surgeon will be out to speak to you in a few moments to let you know what's going on.
Justine Hanna: She's ok?
Children's Hospital Nurse: She's doing good.
Vincent Hanna: It'll be ok, honey, it's going to be ok.
Justine Hanna: How could she do this to herself?
Vincent Hanna: I'm not going anywhere, understand?
Justine Hanna: Yes.
Vincent Hanna: I'm right here.
Eady: What is it?
Neil McCauley: Nothing, we're home free.
Neil McCauley: I gotta take care of something first
Eady: Is there time?
Neil McCauley: There's time.
Neil McCauley: I'll be right back, just leave it running.
News Anchorman: tragedy at a southland neighborhood today, a bank robbery shootout "spilled out" into the street. Claudia Newman live on the scene, she has the latest.
Claudia: this afternoon this neghborhood was terrorized by a bank hold up gone wrong with the streets filled with mid-day shoppers and kids.
Neil McCauley: Chris' is at my place, what's wrong?
Charlene Shiherlis: husband and wife stuff.
Neil McCauley: I'll let him sleep it off here.
Bosko: I want a block at Figueroa and 5th St., I want a block at north bound Flower St. at 6th St.
Detective Casals: they're already coming out
Donald Breedan: get in the fuckin' car!
Vincent Hanna: which one's "slick"?
Detective Casals: the wide one, we've got two transmitters: one's in the wheel wall, the backup is in the firewall.
Detective Casals: the one with the blonde hair is Chris Shiherlis, SIS has a revolving tail and a wire on the house phone
Sgt. Drucker: Cheritto's crew is into precious metals, platinum silver and some gold bullion
Vincent Hanna: who's the loner?
Detective Casals: it's the first time we're seeing him, we're not on him yet
Vincent Hanna: get on it
Waingro: He was making a move, I had to "get it on."
Bosko: I knew this guy in grade school, his name was Raoul or whatever, anyway the guy could take his fingers and fold them one over the others then he'd turn his eyelids inside out.
Richard Torena: I'm tellin' you man, this "slick ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Vincent Hanna: you said "slick", what'd does that mean?
Richard Torena: slick," that's what he calls people
Vincent Hanna: tell me about him
Richard Torena: about six feet tall, a lot of jail house tats, his got a big ass Peacock right here
Vincent Hanna: what's his name?
Vincent Hanna: Cheritto, Michael Cheritto
Detective Casals: thirty-three busts since 1976, eleven for armed robbery, three convictions, two out of a three to five-year beef in Attica, three years in Marion, five years in Folsom, often knocked back for involuntary manslaughter, jacket's two inches thick
Vincent Hanna: ok who do I have there now?
Bosko: Drucker and me boss and Schwartz
Neil McCauley: you recognize the grill man?
Chris Shiherlis: no
Neil McCauley: Folsom, D-block when I was at Bellevue prison
Nate: be it as it may
Neil McCauley: where the hell is he? I checked the lot for a "work car"
Michael Cheritto: so did I
Michael Cheritto: yeah?
Neil McCauley: yeah
Trejo: hey, use a land line, call me at 103-7206
Neil McCauley: right
Trejo: Alright, hey I'm sorry man last thing I want to do is let you down
Vincent Hanna: you ratted McCauley to us, how'd you know?Who told you?WHO?
Sgt. Drucker: fix her a drink or something, look in the cabinets above the sink
Alan Marciano: fuck her
Sgt. Drucker: you better get in there and stay in here
Vincent Hanna: Neal is still here I can feel it
Detective Casals: for how long?
Vincent Hanna: seven, eight hours max
Eady: what'd you do? That was you?
Neil McCauley: that's what I don't do. I don't sell metals, it would've been ok, flight out after, now it's "jammed" we gotta go together
Eady: those other people were with you?
Solenko, Restaurant Manager: where do you think you're going?
Neil McCauley: yeah?
Hugh Benny: hey I got a "package" for you, there's a drive in at Centinela: two thirty tomorrow
Neil McCauley: ok just send one man alone
Chris Shiherlis: behind you on the right.
Vincent Hanna: eight to ten hours is enough time to set up a new "out", after that his gone bye, bye, bang!
Sgt. Drucker: fix her a drink or something, look in the cabinets above the sink
Alan Marciano: fuck her
Sgt. Drucker: you better get in there and stay in here
Vincent Hanna: Neal is still here, I can feel it
Detective Casals: for how long?
Vincent Hanna: seven, eight hours max
Eady: what'd you do? That was you?
Neil McCauley: that's what I don't do. I don't sell metals, it would've been ok, fly out after but now it's "jammed" we gotta go together
Eady: those other people were with you?
Charlene Shiherlis: It's because I'm married to a gambling junkie who won't listen
Chris Shiherlis: Get in the fucking car
Charlene Shiherlis: What am I doing in this rat bastard relationship?
Chris Shiherlis: What do you want from me? Leave the bank book, the car keys and the kitchen on your way out the door
Charlene Shiherlis: You keep that up and Dominic will go with me
Donald Breedan: My parole officer told me to come by here because he had a job for me
Solenko, Restaurant Manager: I was told your familiar with this type of operation
Donald Breedan: Yeah I'm a great grill man
Solenko, Restaurant Manager: Good, good for you, you'll mop out the toilets empty the dish washers bust tables and empty the garbage too, if you give me a hard time I'll report you loaded, drunk, stealing and violate you back so fast your head will spin, twenty five percent of your tips kicks back to me, rules of the game, you change in the back
Alan Marciano: LAPD? This is Las Vegas, you don't even have jurisdiction here. I don't know who you guys think you're pushing around, but I know people here.
Vincent Hanna: Las Vegas PD takes you into custody, you are extradited to Newark on a New Jersey warrant for smuggling cigarettes from North Carolina three years ago or you go to work for us, cut and dry that is it.
Alan Marciano: You can't tie me to her.
Sgt. Drucker: Who needs to? Because your ass is on a plane back to New Jersey jag off.
Vincent Hanna: So, no big thing, all I want is her husband and his whole fucking crew.
Vincent Hanna: I have this reoccurring dream. I'm sitting at this big banquet table: all of the victims of all the murders I've ever worked are sitting at this table and they're staring at me, they have these black eyeballs because they have eight ball hemorrhages from their head wounds and there they are these big balloon people because I found them two weeks after they've been found under the bed. The neighbors reported the smell and there they are: just sitting there.
Vincent Hanna: ok, how you feeling?
Schwartz: banged up but I'll live
Alan Marciano: yeah?
Charlene Shiherlis: yeah you still want me? You come down here right now, Dominick and me, ok?
Alan Marciano: ok baby, I'll be there in two hours alright?
Charlene Shiherlis: alright
Charlene Shiherlis: God damn you Chris, God damn you
Vegas Cop: you're on a plane to Los Angeles
Alan Marciano: right
Neil McCauley: clean up, go home     