
Police: Are you classified as human?
Korben Dallas: Negative, I am a meat popsicle.
Leeloo: Leeloo Dallas mul-ti-pass.
Korben Dallas: Yeah.
Leeloo: Mul-ti-pass.
Korben Dallas: Yeah, multipass, she knows it's a multipass. Leeloo Dallas. This is my wife.
Leeloo: Mul-ti-pass.
Korben Dallas: We're newlyweds. Just met. You know how it is. We bumped into each other, sparks happen...
Leeloo: Mul-ti-pass.
Korben Dallas: Yes, she knows it's a multipass. Anyway, we're in love.
Korben Dallas: Korben Dallas: You're right, you're right, I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry.
Leeloo: Senno ecto gammat!
Korben Dallas: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Leeloo: ecto gammat!
Korben Dallas: When she woke up, she said a bunch a stuff. I didn't understand any of it but... what does 'ecto gammat' mean?
Priest Vito Cornelius: Uh... never again, without my permission.
Korben Dallas: That's what I thought.
Korben Dallas: Whoa, lady, I only speak two languages, English and bad English.
Korben Dallas: Now, don't get me wrong, I'm all for conversation, but maybe you could just shut up for a moment?
DJ Ruby Rhod: What's wrong with you? What you screamin' for? Every 5 minutes there's somethin', a bomb or somethin'. I'm leavin'. bzzzz.
Mr. Kim: You got a message.
Korben Dallas: Yeah
Mr. Kim: You're not gonna open it? It might be important.
Korben Dallas: Yeah, like the last two I got were important. The first one was from my wife, telling me she was leaving. The second was from my lawyer, telling me he was leaving... with my wife.
Mr. Kim: Ah, that's bad luck. Grandfather say it not rain everyday. This is good news, guaranteed. I bet your lunch.
Korben Dallas: Okay, you're on.
Mr. Kim: Come on...
Mr. Kim: You are fired. Oh.
Korben Dallas: Well, at least I won lunch.
Mr. Kim: Good philosophy, see good in bad, I like.
Zorg: This case is empty.
Priest Vito Cornelius: What do you mean, empty?
Zorg: Empty. The opposite of full. This case is supposed to be full! Anyone care to explain?
Leeloo: Priest Vito Cornelius: The guardians... gave the stones... to someone they could trust... who-who took another route... she's supposed to contact this person... in a hotel... and she's looking for the address. Easy.
Leeloo: Dort.
David: It's-it's planet Fhloston, in the Angel Constellation!
Priest Vito Cornelius: We're saved.
Zorg: I'm screwed.
Leeloo: Everything you create, you use to destroy.
Korben Dallas: Yeah, we call it human nature.
Priest Vito Cornelius: It's a - it's a - it's a - it's a - it's a - it's a...
DJ Ruby Rhod: No no no no no no. 'Cuz if it was a bomb, the alarms would go off 'cuz all these hotels have bomb detectors, right?
Priest Vito Cornelius: I'm really sorry to have to resort to these methods, Mr. Wallace!
Korben Dallas: Dallas.
Korben Dallas: We need to find the leader, Mangalores won't fight without the leader.
Aknot: One more shot, and we start killing hostages!
Korben Dallas: That's the leader.
Aknot: Send someone to negotiate.
Fog: Uh, I-I've never negotiated before.
Korben Dallas: Do you mind if I try?
Fog: No, sure, sure, sure.
Fog: We're sending somebody in to negotiate!
Korben Dallas: Anybody else want to negotiate?
Fog: Wh-where did he learn to n-negotiate like that?
President Lindberg: I wonder.
Korben Dallas: What's your name?
Leeloo: Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
Korben Dallas: Good. That... that whole thing's your name, huh? Do you have, uh... a shorter name?
Leeloo: Leeloo.
Zorg: Voila! The ZF-1.
Zorg: It's light. Handle's adjustable for easy carrying, good for righties and lefties. Breaks down into four parts, undetectable by x-ray, ideal for quick, discreet interventions. A word on firepower. Titanium recharger, three thousand round clip with bursts of three to three hundred, and with the Replay button - another Zorg invention - it's even easier.
Leeloo: Me fifth element - supreme being. Me protect you.
Priest Vito Cornelius: You're a monster, Zorg.
Zorg: I know.
Leeloo: I don't know love. I was built to protect not to love, so there is no use for me other than this.
President Lindberg: Mrs. Dallas, this is the President. On behalf of the federation, I would like to thank you...
Korben's Mother: Oh, please. That doesn't even sound like him! The President's an idiot, you don't sound like an idiot. If you don't wanna talk to your mother, just avoid me like usual, huh? I'll just throw myself in traffic. I'll just Saran Wrap myself to the bed and pretend my child is suffocating me...
Priest: Hurry! The wall is closing!
Mondoshawan: Here is your mission: pass your knowledge on to the next, as it was passed on to you.
Priest: I-I will do as you command, but please hurry! You still have time!
Mondoshawan: Time not important. Only life important.
Leeloo: What's the use in saving life when you see what you do with it?
Leeloo: Chi-cken... Good.
Zorg: I don't like warriors. Too narrow-minded, no subtlety. And worse, they fight for hopeless causes. Honor? Huh! Honor's killed millions of people, it hasn't saved a single one.
Zorg: If you want something done, do it yourself. Yep!
Priest Vito Cornelius: Yes?
Korben Dallas: I'm, uh, looking for a priest.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Weddings are one floor down, my son. Congratulations.
General Munro: Any questions?
Korben Dallas: Yeah. Just one. Why me? I retired six months ago. You remember?
General Munro: Three reasons. One - as a member of the elite special forces unit of the Federated Army, you are expert in the use of all major weapons & space craft needed for this mission. Two - of all the members of your unit, you were the most highly decorated.
Korben Dallas: ...and the third one?
General Munro: Of all the members of your unit, you're the only one left alive.
Check in Attendant: Miss?
Leeloo: Multipass!
Zorg: Where are the stones?
Priest Vito Cornelius: I don't know. And even if I did know, I wouldn't tell someone like you.
Zorg: Why? What's wrong with me?
Priest Vito Cornelius: I try to serve life. And you seem to want to destroy it.
Zorg: Oh, Father. You're so wrong. Let me explain.
Zorg: Life, which you so nobly serve, comes from destruction, disorder and chaos. Now take this empty glass. Here it is: peaceful, serene, boring. But if it is destroyed
Zorg: Look at all these little things! So busy now! Notice how each one is useful. A lovely ballet ensues, so full of form and color. Now, think about all those people that created them. Technicians, engineers, hundreds of people, who will be able to feed their children tonight, so those children can grow up big and strong and have little teeny children of their own, and so on and so forth. Thus, adding to the great chain of life. You see, father, by causing a little destruction, I am in fact encouraging life. In reality, you and I are in the same business.
DJ Ruby Rhod: Korben sweetheart, what was that? It was BAD! It had no fire, no energy, no nothing! Y'know I got a Show to run here, and it must pop POP POP! So tomorrow from 5 to 7 will you PLEASE act like you have more than a two word vocabulary. It must be green, okay?
Korben Dallas: Can I talk to you for a second?
Korben Dallas: I didn't come here to play Pumbaa on the radio. So tomorrow from 5 to 7 your gonna give yourself a hand, You green?
DJ Ruby Rhod: Supergreen.
Zorg: I hate warriors, too narrow-minded. I'll tell you what I do like though: a killer, a dyed-in-the-wool killer. Cold blooded, clean, methodical and thorough. Now a real killer, when he picked up the ZF-1, would've immediately asked about the little red button on the bottom of the gun.
Zorg: Bring me the priest.
Leeloo: Hi.
Korben Dallas: Oh, so you speak English now.
Leeloo: Yes. I learned.
Korben Dallas: Leeloo... how do we open these stones?
Leeloo: Wind blows... Fire Burns... Water Falls...
Professor Pacoli: A-a-aa-a-a-are you German?
General Munro: The Mondoshawans never fully trusted the human race.
Check in Attendant: Mr. Rhod, you are going to have to assume your individual position.
DJ Ruby Rhod: I don't want one position, I want all positions!
Shadow: How are the stones?
Zorg: Fine... fine, just fine... I'll, I'll have the... ah... I'll have the four stones you asked for anytime now... but, but it wasn't easy. My costs... have tripled.
Shadow: Money is of... no importance. I... want... the... STONES...
Zorg: The stones... will be here... I'll see to it personally...
Shadow: I will be among you... soon.
Fhloston Hostess: We have twelve swimming pools, and two on the rooftop. All the restaurants are between level two and level ten. The planet Fhloston has 400 beaches, all accessible until 5 PM. Then, the airship goes higher, to offer you a better view with your dinner.
Korben Dallas: Is the Diva here yet?
Fhloston Hostess: Not yet.
Korben Dallas: Are there any tickets left for this opera? I'm a really big fan...
Fhloston Hostess: You have a seat reserved, front row, next to RU-BY RHOD! He's so talented, don't you think? I just love him... he's so sexy...
Korben Dallas: You wanna play it soft. We'll play it soft. You wanna play it hard. Let's play it hard.
Korben Dallas: How many are in there?
Fog: I-I-I-don't...
Korben Dallas: Let's count.
Korben Dallas: Seven on the left, five on the right.
Korben Dallas: Four on the right, two on the left.
Korben Dallas: You guard this with your life, or you're gonna look like this guy here! You green?
DJ Ruby Rhod: G-green.
Korben Dallas: Super green?
DJ Ruby Rhod: Super green.
President Lindberg: Is that your idea of a discreet operation?
General Munro: Don't-don't worry, sir. I know my man. He'll calm things down.
Omar: Aziz! Aziz!
Professor Pacoli: Aziz! Light!
Billy: "Aziz! Light!"
Zorg: Torture who you have to, the President, I don't care. Just bring me the stones. You have one hour.
Zorg: A case with four stones in it! Not one or two or three but four! Four stones! What the hell am I supposed to do with an empty case?
Mangalore Aknot: We are warriors, not merchants.
Zorg: But you can still count. Look it's easy. Look at my fingers, four stones, four crates, zero stones, zero crates! Pack everything up we're outta here.
Mangalore Aknot: We risked our lives! I think a little compensation is in order.
Zorg: Oh, so you are merchants after all. Leave them one crate for the cause.
Priest Vito Cornelius: I'm really sorry to have to resort to these methods, Mr. Wallace...
Korben Dallas: Dallas.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Er, Mr. Dallas. But we heard about your good luck on the radio, and we need your tickets for Fhloston.
Korben Dallas: Is this how priests normally take vacations?
Priest Vito Cornelius: We're not on a vacation, we're on a mission!
Korben Dallas: What mission is that?
Priest Vito Cornelius: We have to save the world, my son.
Priest Vito Cornelius: I know she's made to be strong, but she's also so fragile, so human. Know what I mean?
David: They really made her...
Priest Vito Cornelius: Perfect. I know.
DJ Ruby Rhod: We'll find out everything there is to know about the D man: his dreams, his desires, his most intimates of intimates, and from what I'm looking at, "intimate" is the stud muffin's middle name. So tell me my man, are you nervous in the service?
Korben Dallas: Mmm... not really.
DJ Ruby Rhod: And now we enter what must the most beautiful concert hall of all the universe. A perfect replica of the old opera house... But who cares?
Billy: When is this "Snake" act supposed to occur?
Professor Pacoli: Well, if this is the five and this is the one...
Professor Pacoli: Every 5,000 years.
Billy: So I've got some time then.
President Lindberg: Major Dallas, I first would like to salute a warrior, you are a shining example of this Army's might, in the name of the Federation and it's territory...
Korben Dallas: Mr. President, Mr. President, any idea when you gonna be getting to the point?
President Lindberg: O.K. There's a ball of fire, it's 1200 miles in diameter headin straight for Earth, and we have no idea how to stop it. *That's* the problem.
Korben Dallas: How long do we have?
Scientist's Aide: If its speed remains constant, in an hour and fifty-seven minutes.
Korben Dallas: I'll call you back in two hours.
Korben's Mother: Oh, I get it. You wanna make make your only mother to beg. Is that it?
Korben Dallas: No, I don't wanna make you beg. All I want is an explanation. Look, I just got in. I just smashed my cab, I lost my job, I got mugged. Besides that, everything's peachy. Thanks for asking. Now will you just settle down and explain this to me calmly.
Korben's Mother: Oh, so you don't know you won a trip to Fhloston Paradise for two for 10 days? And I suppose you'll just leave me on the lunar surface to freeze my ass off?
Korben Dallas: If I'd won a trip, I'd know about it. Somebody would've notified me.
Korben's Mother: Corben, they've been blaring your name on the radio for the last hour, you big ape.
President Lindberg: Steadert.
General Staedert: Yes Sir!
President Lindberg: I have a doubt.
General Staedert: I don't, Mr. President.
Mangalore Aknot: Aknot wants!
Korben Dallas: The government sent me to help you. Just stay calm.
Leeloo: Multipass.
Scientist's Aide: Its structure has just solidified on the surface.
Head Scientist: I think it's anticipating the attack. Anticipation denotes intelligence.
Priest Vito Cornelius: The most terrible intelligence imaginable, Mr. President.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Korben, I realize you that must be pretty mad at me, but I want you to know that I am fighting for a noble cause.
Korben Dallas: Yes, you're trying to save the world, I remember. Right now, I'm trying to save Leeloo, father.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Leeloo's in trouble?
Korben Dallas: When is Leeloo not in trouble?
Mugger: Gimme da cash!
Priest Vito Cornelius: What are you doing?
Korben Dallas: Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
David: Father, are you sure she's a supreme being?
DJ Ruby Rhod: Quiver ladies, quiver.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Because it is evil, absolutely evil.
President Lindberg: One more reason to shoot first.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Evil begets evil, Mr. President. Shooting will only make it stronger.
Priest Vito Cornelius: I... have... a different theory, to offer you, sir.
President Lindberg: You have twenty seconds.
DJ Ruby Rhod: There's the Emperor and his lovely daughter. "I love to sing," she recently confessed to me!
DJ Ruby Rhod: By the way, I have a recording of her talented voice...
Woman: Uh-huh, oh yeah, uh-huh!
General Munro: Sounds like a freak of nature to me.
Mactilburgh: Yeah. Can't wait to meet him.
Shadow: It's Shadow...
Zorg: Zorg here.
Shadow: Am I disturbing you?
Zorg: Oh no... no, no... I was... just... W-Where are you?
Shadow: Not far now.
Zorg: Good... good, good...
Priest: I will fulfill my mission! You can count on me!
Priest: I will pass the knowledge on, until you return!
Mondoshawan: Priest, you and those before you have served us well. But war is coming. Stones not safe on Earth anymore.
Priest: My lord, if you take the weapon, we will be defenseless when the evil returns.
Mondoshawan: In 300 years, when Evil returns... so shall we.
Korben Dallas: Finger's gonna kill me.
Head Scientist: The thing is sending out radio wavelengths!
President Lindberg: What the hell does it want with radio waves?
Scientist's Aide: Maybe it wants to make a call.
Chief NY Cop: Sir, can you put your hands in the yellow circles, please?
Neighbour: Smoke you!
Korben Dallas: Wrong answer.
Chief NY Cop: The police control is now terminated. Thank you for your cooperation. Have a nice day.
Mactilburgh: It's an honor to meet you sir!
President Lindberg: Yes, it is.
Leeloo: Multipass!
Letter from Gemini Croquette: You're a winner!
Korben's Mother: You miserable bastard! I never should've pushed you out.
Korben Dallas: Ma?
Korben's Mother: Oh, so you don't know you won a trip to Fhloston Paradise for two for 10 days? And I suppose you'll I was in labor for days, and this is how you repay me? I should've just gotten a robot.
Korben Dallas: Come on, Ma.
Korben's Mother: Don't "come on, Ma" me. I should be there, not you! I need a tan! I need a cocktail!
Mactilburgh: Remove the shield.
Leeloo: Mactilburgh: I told you. Perfect. Thermal bandages.
Leeloo: General Munro: I'd... like to take a few pictures... for the archives.
Leeloo: Priest Vito Cornelius: Imagine for a moment that this thing is not anything that can be identified because it prefers not to be. Wherever there is life, it brings death, because it is evil, absolute evil.
President Lindberg: One more reason to shoot first.
Priest Vito Cornelius: Evil begets evil, Mr. President. Shooting will only make it stronger.     