
Vincent: For someone who was never meant for this world, I must confess I'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it. Of course, they say every atom in our bodies was once part of a star. Maybe I'm not leaving... maybe I'm going home.
Vincent: You want to know how I did it? This is how I did it, Anton: I never saved anything for the swim back.
Vincent: I don't know how to thank you.
Jerome: No, no. I got the better end of the deal. I only lent you my body. You lent me your dream.
Anton Freeman: Vincent! How are you doing this Vincent? How have you done any of this? We have to go back.
Vincent: It's too late for that. We're closer to the other side.
Anton Freeman: What other side? You wanna drown us both?
Vincent: You wanna know how I did it? This is how I did it Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back.
Vincent: What's this?
Dr. Lamar: New policy, what's the matter? Flight got you nervous.
Vincent: Nope, there's a problem Lamar...
Dr. Lamar: ...I still haven't told you about my son, have I? He's a big fan of yours...
Vincent: Just remember. I was as good as any, and better than most...
Dr. Lamar: ...He wants to apply here...
Vincent: ...I could've gone up and back and nobody would've been the wiser...
Dr. Lamar: ...unfortunately my son's not all that they promised. But then again, who knows what he could do.
Dr. Lamar: For future reference, right-handed men don't hold it with their left. Just one of those things.
Vincent: Dr. Lamar: You're gonna miss your flight, Vincent.
Vincent: There's no gene for fate.
Vincent: How the hell did you get up here?
Jerome: Oh, I could always walk... I've been faking it.
Irene: I don't even know who you are.
Vincent: I'm the same person I was yesterday.
Irene: I can't hear any more of your lies Jerome...
Vincent: My name is Vincent, all right? Vincent Anton Freeman, and I'm a "faith birth" or a "de-gene-erate", whatever you want to call it; but I am NOT a murderer!
Vincent: You're a "God-child"?
Vincent: But we do have one thing in common, only I don't have twenty or thirty years left in mine. Mine is already ten thousand beats overdue.
Irene: It's not possible.
Vincent: You are the authority on what is not possible, aren't you Irene? They've got you looking for any flaw, that after a while that's all you see. For what it's worth, I'm here to tell you that it is possible. It is possible.
Vincent: They used to say that a child conceived in love has a greater chance of happiness. They don't say that anymore.
Jerome: If at first you don't succeed... try, try again.
Vincent: It's funny, you work so hard, you do everything you can to get away from a place, and when you finally get your chance to leave, you find a reason to stay.
Vincent: There's more vodka in this piss than there is piss.
Title Card: "Consider God's handiwork; who can straighten what He hath made crooked?" - Ecclesiastes 7:13
Irene: You didn't know?
Vincent: Oh, I knew.
Irene: It's amazing, isn't it?
Vincent: Twelve fingers or one, it's how you play
Irene: That piece can only be played with twelve.
Vincent: Is the only way you can succeed is to see me fail?
Vincent: I was conceived in the Riviera.
Vincent: Not the French Riviera, the Detroit variety.
Vincent: I was never more certain of how far away I was from my goal than when I was standing right beside it.
German: There's still the matter of your height.
Vincent: How tall are you?
Jerome: 4'6"
Vincent: I meant before your accident.
Vincent: A year is a long time.
Irene: Not so long. Just once around the sun.
Vincent: Blood has no nationality
Jerome: We have to get drunk immediately.
Title Card: "I not only think that we will tamper with Mother Nature, I think Mother wants us to." - Willard Gaylin
Director Josef: You keep your work station so clean, Jerome.
Vincent: It's next to godliness. Isn't that what they say?
Director Josef: Godliness. I reviewed your flight plan. Not one error in a million keystrokes. Phenomenal. It's right that someone like you is taking us to Titan.
Vincent: Has the committee approved the mission? There's been talk of delay.
Director Josef: You shouldn't listen to talk. You leave in a week. You've got a substance test.
Det. Hugo: Hello everyone, nice to see you. I am your detective for the evening. Please don't leave the premises.
Det. Hugo: I said please don't leave the premises. Am I speaking in some kind of strange foreign language?
Irene: How many launches are there each day, Vincent? A dozen?
Vincent: Sometimes more.
Irene: You're the only one that watches all of them. If you're going to pretend like you don't care, don't look up.
Vincent: They think I killed the mission director.
Jerome: What makes you think that?
Vincent: They found my eye lash.
Jerome: Where?
Vincent: In the corridor.
Jerome: Ah well it could be worse. They could have found it in your eye.
Dr. Lamar: Congratulations.
Vincent: Well, what about the interview?
Dr. Lamar: That was it.
Jerome: Do you want some of this? I could keep it for you in case you ever need it... I'm sorry. Sorry.
Irene: I have this crazy idea you're more interested in the murder case than me.
Vincent: You're right. That's crazy.
Vincent: I belonged to a new underclass, no longer determined by social status or the color of your skin. No, we now have discrimination down to a science.
Dr. Lamar: Jerome, never shy, pisses on command. Beautiful piece of equipment you've got there, Jerome. I ever told you that?
Vincent: Only every time I'm in here.
Dr. Lamar: Occupational hazard. I see a great many on the course of any given day. Yours just happens to be an exceptional example. Don't know why my folks didn't order one like that for me.
Vincent: I'll never understand what possessed my mother to put her faith in God's hands, rather than her local geneticist.
Irene: "Unacceptable risk of heart failure." I think that's what the manual says. The only trip I'll take in space is around the sun on this satellite right here.
Jerome: Jerome Morrow was never meant to be one step down on the podium.
Antonio: We were just wondering if, if it is good to just leave a few things to, to chance?
Geneticist: We want to give your child the best possible start. Believe me, we have enough imperfection built in already. Your child doesn't need any more additional burdens. Keep in mind, this child is still you. Simply, the best, of you. You could conceive naturally a thousand times and never get such a result.
Vincent: He had everything except desire.
Vincent: I'm sorry, the wind caught it...
Vincent: What are you doing here, Anton?
Anton Freeman: I should ask *you* that question. I have a right to be here. You don't.
Vincent: Heh! You almost sound as if you believe that. I committed no murder. You must be disappointed.
Anton Freeman: You've committed *fraud*. Listen, you're in a lot of trouble, Vincent. I can get you out of here...
Vincent: Do you have any idea what it took to get IN here?
Caesar: Don't clean the glass too well.
Vincent: Why's that?
Caesar: You might get ideas.
Vincent: I can't go anywhere without seeing my own face. They'll recognize me.
Jerome: They won't recognize you.
Vincent: They'll recognize me.
Jerome: I don't recognize you.
Jerome: Wanna go dancing?
Det. Hugo: Well... I guess we can rule out suicide.
German: You serious about this? I hope you're not wasting my time.
Vincent: No, I... I'd give 100 percent.
German: That'll get you half way there.
Dr. Lamar: You go up next week. Please tell me you're the least bit excited.
Vincent: I'll tell you at the end of the week
Jerome: My eyes are prettier.
Jerome: What's your number, you fucking flat foot!
Vincent: We shed 500 million cells a day.
Antonio: The only way you're going to see the inside of a spaceship is if you were cleaning it.
Dr. Lamar: Jerome, Jerome, the metronome.
Vincent: No, there's truly nothing remarkable about the progress of Jerome Morrow...
Vincent: Except that I am *not* Jerome Morrow.
Younger Vincent: Don't eat that, it's Pluto.
Jerome: What's your number? That's harassment. What's your number?
Vincent: What about the interview?
Dr. Lamar: That was it.
Jerome: Maybe he can tell me what I have.
Anton Freeman: Jerome: Who did you expect?     