
George: So in the end, was it worth it? Jesus Christ. How irreparably changed my life has become. It's always the last day of summer and I've been left out in the cold with no door to get back in. I'll grant you I've had more than my share of poignant moments. Life passes most people by while they're making grand plans for it. Throughout my lifetime, I've left pieces of my heart here and there. And now, there's almost not enough to stay alive. But I force a smile, knowing that my ambition far exceeded my talent. There are no more white horses or pretty ladies at my door.
George: May the wind always be at your back and the sun upon your face.
Fred Jung: And may the wings of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars.
Fred Jung: Cheers, Georgie.
George: Cheers, pop.
Fred Jung: Sometimes you're flush and sometimes you're bust, and when you're up, it's never as good as it seems, and when you're down, you never think you'll be up again, but life goes on.
George: Hello Dad. You know I remember a lifetime ago, when I was about 3 1/2 feet tall, weighing all of 60 pounds, but every inch your son. I remember those Saturday mornings going to work with my dad, we'd climb into that big green truck. I thought that truck... was the biggest truck in the universe pop. I remember how important the job we did was, how if it wasn't for us, people would freeze to death. I thought you were the strongest man in the world. And remember those home videos when mom would dress up like Loretta Young, barbeques and football games, ice cream, playing with the Tuna. And when I left for California only to come home with the FBI chasing me, and that FBI agent Trout had to kneel down to put my boots on and you said, "That's where you belong you son of a bitch, puttin on Georgie's boots." That was a good one Dad. That was really something. You remember that? And remember that time when you told me that money wasn't real. Well old man, I'm 42 years old, and I finally realize what you were trying to tell me, so many years ago. I finally understand. Your the best, pop, just wish I could have done more for you, wish we had more time. Anyway, may the wind always be at your back, and the sun always upon your face, and may the wings of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars. I love you Dad. Love George.
George: I was busted. Set up by the FBI and the DEA. That didn't bother me. Set up by Kevin Dulli and Derek Forreal to save their own asses. That didn't bother me. Sentenced to 60 years at Ottisville. That didn't bother me. I'd broken a promise. Everything I love in my life goes away.
Judge: George Jung, you stand accused of possession of six hundred and sixty pounds of marijuana with intent to distribute. How do you plead?
George: Your honor, I'd like to say a few words to the court if I may.
Judge: Well, you're gonna have to stop slouching and stand up to address this court, sir.
George: Alright. Well, in all honesty, I don't feel that what I've done is a crime. And I think it's illogical and irresponsible for you to sentence me to prison. Because, when you think about it, what did I really do? I crossed an imaginary line with a bunch of plants. I mean, you say I'm an outlaw, you say I'm a thief, but where's the Christmas dinner for the people on relief? Huh? You say you're looking for someone who's never weak but always strong, to gather flowers constantly whether you are right or wrong, someone to open each and every door, but it ain't me, babe, huh? No, no, no, it ain't me, babe. It ain't me you're looking for, babe. You follow?
Judge: Yeah... Gosh, you know, your concepts are really interesting, Mister Jung.
George: Thank you.
Judge: Unfortunately for you, the line you crossed was real and the plants you brought with you were illegal, so your bail is twenty thousand dollars.
George: Hey, am I wearing lipstick? I said, am I wearing lipstick? When I'm getting fucked I want to make sure my face looks pretty.
George: The official toxicity limit for humans is between one and one and half grams of cocaine depending on body weight. I was averaging five grams a day, maybe more. I snorted ten grams in ten minutes once. I guess I had a high tolerance.
George: They talk about religious experiences, I didn't believe in religion. Hell, I didn't particularly like kids. But, when Kristina Sunshine Jung came into this world, something in me changed. I knew what I was put on the planet for: it was the greatest feeling I ever had. Followed abruptly by the worst feeling I ever had.
Fred Jung: Money isn't real, George. It doesn't matter. It only seems like it does.
Young George: Are you gonna tell Mom that?
Fred Jung: Yeah, that's gonna be a tricky one.
George: Danbury wasn't a prison, it was a crime school. I went in with a Bachelor of marijuana, came out with a Doctorate of cocaine, and after sixteen months, I was once again a free man, well not altogether "free." The conditions of my parole were I had to live at my parents and find a job.
George: So, what'd I tell ya, Derek?
Derek: It's great, but what am I supposed to do with it?
George: Sell it.
Derek: Jesus Christ, George, I don't see you for two years and you show up on my doorstep with 110 pounds of blow.
George: Just fucking sell it, Derek.
Derek: Okay, but it's going to take me a year.
Derek: 36 hours, 36 hours, I can't believe we got rid of it in 36 hours.
George: I think it's fair to say you underestimated the market, Derek.
Derek: Right on. It's going to take us longer to count it than it did to sell it.
Diego Delgado: How much time do you have?
George: Oh, let's see. Twenty-six months.
Diego Delgado: Twenty-six months? For murder? I must meet your lawyer.
Diego Delgado: Do you have a dream, George?
George: Well, I would if I could get some fucking sleep.
George: I'm really great at what I do, Dad. I mean I'm really great at what I do.
Fred Jung: Let me tell you something, George: you'd have been great at anything.
Diego Delgado: George! How are you, my brother?
George: No more brothers, Diego.
Diego Delgado: What do you mean? Of course we are brothers, George.
George: You fucked me.
Diego Delgado: ... I did not.
George: Yeah you did. You went behind my back, you cut me out, you fucked me.
Diego Delgado: Well, maybe you're right. Maybe I did fuck you... a *little* bit!
Diego Delgado: Yeah, I stole your California connection, so what? Who introduce you to Pablo Escobar, huh? Me. Who introduce you to your *fucking* Columbian wife? Me. WHO PROTECT YOU... when my friend Cesar wanted to slice your fucking throat? Me. Who helped you make millions and millions of dollars? Me. And what do I get in return? These... accusations. No, I have always given you everything George, but... that is over now!
Diego Delgado: So go home. Go back home. Go home and sell half grams to your fucking relatives for all I care...
Diego Delgado: -cause you are *out*! And don't be so emotional, George. Cause we are brothers. We are brothers.
George: Next time it's fuckin' loaded.
George: This is Grade A 100% pure Colombian cocaine, ladies and gentlemen... Disco shit... Pure as the driven snow.
Pablo Escobar: So, you're the man, huh? Who takes 50 kilos and make them disappear in one day.
George: Actually it was three days.
Mirtha Jung: We are broke, that is my fucking problem and you are a fucking spy. That's right. Always spyin', always judgin'. Everyone's laughing in your face, you fucking pussy. You let Diego fuck you in the ass. Maybe because you like it, maybe because you're a fucking faggot. That's what I think you are. I think you are really fuckin' him cause you're not fucking me. Why's that? Why? Why don't you fuck me anymore? Don't you ever touch me again, motherfucker! Don't ever put your hands on me again, asshole! Get your hands off me.
Mirtha Jung: He's a fugitive and a fucking cocaine dealer! He's got a kilo in his trunk right now!
Mr. T: I can't feel my face... I mean, I can touch it, but I can't feel it inside...
Diego Delgado: I need a favor from you.
George: The favor was to pick up fifty kilos of cocaine. Fifty. That's a hundred and ten pounds. Not exactly a small favor. Not like bumming a cigarette, for example. But what the hell. I didn't have anything better to do that day. It's not like I was on parole or anything.
Tuna: I can't believe we're stealin' a plane...
Kevin Dulli: Don't be such a pussy.
Cesar Toban: Do you have pictures of your kids?
Jack Stevens: What?
Cesar Toban: I need to see them. I'll also need their names and the names of their schools. We are trusting you with millions of dollars of coke, Mr. Stevens. Without your children, there is no deal.
Pablo Escobar: Our business here today is cocaine, yes?
George: Si. Yes it is.
Pablo Escobar: I need to find an Americano who I can trust. One with honor, intelligence...
George: You need an Americano with balls, Senior Escobar.
Pablo Escobar: Yes, and balls, Mr. George.
George: 15 kilos of cocaine? That's nothing. I piss 15 kilos.
Prisoner in class: Man, you don't know dick about smugglin' no drugs!
Diego Delgado: You failed because you had the wrong dream... What do you know about cocaine?
George: Waiters, I'm the only guy on the planet that gets busted by fucking waiters, why the Feds decided to bust me on that particular night I'll never know maybe it was the Porsches and Maseratis in the drive way, my Columbian guest list or the cocaine buffet, whatever it was they were just waiting for me to slip up and I did.
Ermine Jung: You think people don't know you're a drug dealer. Everyone knows, its no secret. Every time I go out I'm humiliated. So you go to jail. It's for your own good. You need to straighten your life out. What are you looking at Mrs. Gracie, your son's no prize.
Mirtha Jung: I'm divorcin' you George. I am getting custody of Kristina. And when you get out next week, you're gonna pay support and that's the end of it. There is someone else. I did not think you would want to know but I wanted to tell you. Say something.
George: What do you want me to say? I'm in prison. You should know you're the one who put me in here.
Mirtha Jung: I knew you would say something like that. Always thinkin' about yourself.
George: It was perfect.
George: The lawyer says he can plead it down to five years. I'll serve two.
Barbara Buckley: Two years?
George: Yeah, two years.
Barbara Buckley: George, I can't wait that long.
George: You kidding me? You're not gonna wait for me? What the fuck is that?
Barbara Buckley: I... I don't have two years.
George: Everything's gonna be okay, sweetheart. Don't be upset.
Young Kristina Jung: What's happening to us?
George: I don't know.
Young Kristina Jung: Are we gonna split up?
George: No, never. Don't even think about that, it's impossible. I love your mother and you are my heart. Could I live without my heart? Could I?
Prisoner in class: Jive ass turkey.
Young Kristina Jung: I thought you couldn't live without your heart.
Title card: George Jung is sentenced to Otisville Federal Correctional Institution until 2015. Kristina Sunshine Jung has not yet visited her father.
George: That's a nice boy. Go get 'em, Dulli.
: Kristina Sunshine Jung has not yet visited her father.
: George Jung is sentenced to Otisville Federal Correctional Institute until 2015.     