
Luther: Warriors, come out to play-i-ay.
Cyrus: Can you dig it?
Ajax: I'll shove that bat up your ass and turn you into a popsicle.
Luther: Waaaarrrrrriiiorsss, come out to pla-ay!
Riffs leader: You Warriors are good. Real good.
Swan: The best.
Cyrus: Can you count, suckers? I say, the future is ours... if you can count!
Cyrus: Now, look what we have here before us. We got the Saracens sitting next to the Jones Street Boys. We've got the Moonrunners right by the Van Cortlandt Rangers. Nobody is wasting nobody. That... is a miracle. And miracles is the way things ought to be.
Cyrus: You're standing right now with nine delegates from 100 gangs. And there's over a hundred more. That's 20,000 hardcore members. Forty-thousand, counting affiliates, and twenty-thousand more, not organized, but ready to fight: 60,000 soldiers! Now, there ain't but 20,000 police in the whole town. Can you dig it?
Gang Members: Yeah.
Cyrus: Can you dig it?
Gang Members: Yeah!
Cyrus: Can you dig it?
Gang Members: YEAH!
Swan: Why'd you do it? Why'd you waste Cyrus?
Luther: No reason. I just... like doing things like that!
Mercy: See that dude? Over there! He's after you, and he's got some guys with him.
Swan: I know they're on my ass,
Swan: but now they know I know it.
Swan: You recognize them?
Fox: Orphans. So far down they're not even on the map. Real low class.
Swan: Numbers?
Fox: Full strength: maybe 30?
Vermin: Thirty. A lot more than eight.
Ajax: Not if they're wimps!... and I'm sick of this running crap.
Swan: You still looking for us?
Masai: We've found what we're looking for.
Luther: No. No... It wasn't us. It was them. It was the Warriors.
Masai: You Warriors are good. Real Good.
Swan: The best.
Masai: The rest is ours.
Luther: Nooooooo!
Cowboy: I can't make it.
Ajax: Are you sure?
Cowboy: Yes, I'm sure...
Ajax: Well, good! I'm sick of runnin' from these wimps!
Swan: This is what we fought all night to get back to?
Cowboy: You never know what you're gonna run into out there. If we're wearing our colors, we can't hide.
Vermin: Who wants to hide?
Ajax: Come on, what kind of chickenshit crap is this?
Cochise: Yeah, come on! We're here, what are we waiting for?
Fox: A train would help! Unless you wanna go up there and get japped on an open platform.
Cochese: Bullshit man, there ain't nobody in the street.
Ajax: He's right! We're acting like faggots!
Swan: Just keep talking.
Swan: Move!
Ajax: Fuckin' A!
Ajax: Maybe you're all just goin' faggot.
Masai: You Warriors are good. Real good.
Swan: The best.
Mercy: Wait a minute. I can't go in there. It's a men's room.
Vermin: Are you kidding?
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: Well?
Luther: Some two-bit outfit almost got them, but they bopped their way past.
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: We can meet them at the 96th street station.
Luther: Yeah, platforms probably crawling with cops!
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: Cops are trying to rack up every gang in this town!
Luther: Yeah, you and me included.
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: How come you're so happy about this?
Luther: I'm having a good time.
D.J.: Good news, Boppers: The big alert has been called off. It turns out that the early reports were wrong, all wrong. Now for that group out there that had such a hard time getting home, sorry about that. I guess the only thing we can do is play you a song.
Mercy: Yeah, that's right, Warriors. Just keep walkin'. Real tough muthas, ain't ya? You guys don't show me much. Why don't you dickheads just walk all the way back home, huh?
Snow: It's the Turnbull A.C.'s.
Cowboy: Think they forgot about the truce?
Vermin: No shit!
Ajax: Those lousy skinhead fucks!
Rembrandt: Shit! The chicks are packed! The chicks are packed!
Mercy: Friday nights are good. Saturday nights are better.
Swan: I bet you can't even remember who you get on Friday and Saturday night... you probably don't remember what they look like...
Mercy: Sometimes I can and sometimes I can't... who gives a damn?
Fox: We're not going to hide who we are just because some whore shakes her ass.
Mercy: Don't call me no whore. I ain't no whore!
Gramercy Riff: We got a report from the Bronx. Some small time clique ran into them... The Orphans.
Masai: They're not in our network!
Gramercy Riff: They rumble anyway. They got wasted.
Swan: If you get separated, make it to the platform at Union Square. That's where we change trains.
Ajax: I only got one question. Who named you leader? I got just as much right to take over as you.
Fox: It was Cleon's choice, Swan's war chief.
Ajax: Well, right about now, Cleon's most likely got a nightstick shoved halfway up his ass!
Candy Store Girl: Hey, what about the money you owe?
Luther: FOR WHAT?
Cyrus: Now, here's the sum total: One gang could run this city! One gang. Nothing would move without us allowing it to happen. We could tax the crime syndicates, the police, because WE got the streets, suckers! Can you dig it?
Gang Members: YEAH!
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: We set?
Luther: We're set, alright. Somebody should pick their ass up. The Riffs sent out the word. They want 'em alive. We don't.
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: The sooner someone grabs 'em, the better.
Luther: What's the matter? Ya afraid the Warriors are gonna shoot their mouths off before they get racked?
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: Yeah, right! I'm worried! I just don't want the Riffs on my ass!
Luther: No sweat. They're lookin' for the Warriors, remember?
Luther: We can do some lookin' too... Oughta make you feel better.
Cochise: When you're president of the biggest gang in the city, you don't have to take any shit.
Ajax: Ah, fuck him!
Vermin: How much longer we gotta wait? We might be here forever, I'm sick of waiting for trains!
Swan: Vermin, sit down and shut up.
Vermin: Okay, okay!
Mercy: Come on. What's wrong?
Swan: Let's just get to the next station, O.K.?
Mercy: Oh... please, come on... come on.
Swan: You know, you're just part of everything that's happening tonight, and it's all bad.
Swan: Just go back to wherever it was you came from.
Cyrus: Can you count, suckahs?
Orphan Leader: You see what you get, Warriors? You see what you get when you mess with the Orphans?
Cowboy: What do you know about Cyrus?
Cochese: Magic... whole lotta magic.
Orphan Leader: They write about our raids in the paper.
Fox: Yeah. That's really heavy. The Orphans, right? Yeah, our youth worker, she talks about you guys all the time.
Orphan: We ain't got one.
Fox: Well, that must be because you guys are so bad, they're afraid of you.
Orphan: Lighten up Mercy! Stop lookin' for trouble!
Orphan Leader: Should have slapped your mouth the moment you opened it!
Mercy: So who stopped you!
Mercy: Hey, what about me?
Ajax: Well, what about you?
D.J.: All right now, for all you boppers out there in the big city, all you street people with an ear for the action, I've been asked to relay a request from the Grammercy Riffs. It's a special for the Warriors, that real live bunch from Coney, and I do mean the Warriors. Here's a hit with them in mind.
Fox: We were just at that big meeting up in the Bronx. We're goin' home to Coney. Train gets messed up by the fire and dumps us here.
Orphan Leader: I don't know what you're talkin' about, man. How could this be a big meeting if the Orphans wasn't there?
Rembrandt: They think we shot Cyrus.
Vermin: What are you talking about? I don't get it.
Rembrandt: They think we shot Cyrus. Every gang in the city must be looking for us!
Cochise: Holy shit!
Rembrandt: We're not gonna be able to make it back!
Ajax: Oh, you'll get it. But I like it rough!
Luther: One on one? You're crazy. You're dead, all of you, and you know it. You're dead.
Cleon: I know that a lot of you aren't too happy about going out on patrol. Just just remember this, out of a street family of 120, plus affiliates, you were chosen for this expedition. That makes you special. Now, here's the line up: Swan, second-in-command, war chief, stay by me. Snowball, you're the music man. Cowboy: soldier of the middle. Vermin, you're the bear. You carry the tokens and the bread. Rembrandt, you got the stuff? I want you to hit everything in the city. I want the people to know that the Warriors were there.
Ajax: That'll just slow us down.
Cleon: Ajax, you're just soldier. Try and keep your mouth shut! Fox: scout and memory man. Run ahead and tell us all we need to know. Cochise, you're with Ajax, soldier of the middle; heavy mother. Now just remember this, there's a truce on. So, don't go around flexing any muscle unless I give the order. Okay? Let's roll!
Masai: Who are the Warriors?
Masai: There must be some word!
Masai: I want them all! I want ALL the Warriors! I want them alive, if possible. If not, wasted! But I want them. Send the word!
Cleon: It's still on and we're goin'. Cyrus sent an emissary this afternoon to make sure. Now, Cyrus don't want anybody packed and he don't want anybody flexing any muscle. So, I gave him my word that the Warriors would uphold the truce.
Cleon: Now everybody says that Cyrus is the one and only.
Cleon: I think we better go have a look for ourself.
Cleon: ... What are you doing here?
Lincoln - Cleon's Girl: I came to say goodbye.
Lincoln - Cleon's Girl: I don't like it, Cleon.
Cleon: You don't like what?
Lincoln - Cleon's Girl: Going up to this meeting.
Cleon: You ain't going, so don't worry about it.
Lincoln - Cleon's Girl: I'm worried about you going. I've got a feeling. I don't want you getting messed up with something heavy, not way up in the Bronx. You've never even been up there.
Cleon: This conclave is gonna be a big item.
Cleon: ... I know a lot of you aren't too happy about going on patrol. Just remember this. Out from a street family of 120-plus affiliates, you eight were chosen for this expedition and that makes you special. Now here's the lineup...
Cleon: ... Swan, you're the second-in-command, the war-chief; you stay by me. Snow, you're the music man. Cowboy, you soldier the middle. Vermin, you're the bearer; carry the tokens and the bread. Rembrandt, got the stuff?
Cleon: Now, I want you to hit everything in the city. I want people to know that the Warriors were there.
Ajax: That'll just slow us down.
Cleon: Ajax, you just soldier and try to keep your mouth shut...
Cleon: ... Fox, you're the scout and memory-man; you run ahead and tell us all we need to know. Cochise and Ajax, you soldier the middle; you're the heavy muscle...
Cleon: ... Now just remember this. There's a truce on, so don't go flexing any muscle unless I give the order.
Cleon: Okay? Let's roll.
Swan: ... What's bugging you? You got a problem?
Ajax: Yeah, I got a problem. I don't like what we're getting into. This whole thing stinks.
Swan: We're going in there just like all the other guys.
Ajax: Just because some jerk named Cyrus wants a conclave and a truce, doesn't mean that it's a good thing. I'm sick of hearing about Cyrus.
Swan: You listen, that's the way it's going to be. And you're going to soldier, just like everybody else.
Ajax: Sure thing, Warchief.
Luther: There he is! That's him! That's... the Warrior! He shot Cyrus!
Cleon: Man, you crazy! I din't do nuthin'!
Luther: We saw 'im!
Cropsey, Rogue Lieutenant: Yeah, that's him.
Luther: He's the one! He's the one! The Warriors did it!
Luther: The Warriors did it! The Warriors did it! The Warriors did it!
Ajax: Since when are you a fuckin' diplomat?
Swan: Why don't you just tie a mattress to your back? You don't care where it is, do you?
Swan: Did you see him get busted?
Cochise: I seen him, then he wasn't there no more... I was hauling ass!
Swan: Why don't you look around and make sure we're okay.
Rembrandt: This is a graveyard!
Cochese: We're going in there with nothing?
Snow: We're going like everybody else: nine guys, no weapons.
Orphan: We're gonna rain on you, Warriors!
D.J.: Here's an update, the Turnbull A.C.'s missed their chance, so there's still time for a bit hit. More news later.
Vermin: Where is everybody?
Rembrandt: Looks like we're the first ones here. We're gonna hafta sit and wait... They'll show up.
Vermin: Ooooo, looks like something else showed up.
Cochise: Hey, hey, hey. Now lookit whatcha find here in the big city!
Rembrandt: Hey you guys, we ain't got time.
Vermin: Are ya kiddin'? Time's what we got plenty of!
Lizzie Leader: Hiya?
Cochise: Yeah, well we made it, and in a hour, it is C-I! The BIG Coney!
Ajax: You got it. Gimme that fist, buddy!
Cochise: Yeah! WHEEE!
Swan: When we get there, that's when we made it.
Cochise: Hey no sweat, War Chief.
D.J.: Be lookin' good, Warriors. All the way back to Coney. Ya hear me, babies? Good. Re-e-al good. Adios.
Vermin: Where's the rest of them?
Rembrandt: Where's everybody, else?
Snow: Cops got Ajax. We don't know about, Swan.
Rembrandt: Oh, Jesus.
Cochise: Are you sure about Ajax?
Snow: Real sure.
Vermin: Bet he went out swinging.
Snow: We better go look for Swan.
Cowboy: Okay, what are we gonna do now?
Swan: We're going back.
Vermin: You mind tellin' me how? Fuckin' Coney Island must be 50 to 100 miles from here!
Swan: It's the only choice we got.
Cochise: Yeah, real simple. Except that every cop in this city is lookin' to bust our heads.
Swan: We got somethin' else to think about then the cops.
Vermin: Yeah, what?
Snow: The truce. Is it still on?
Vermin: If it ain't, we're gonna have to bop our way back!
Cowboy: Shit, I wish we was packed.
Cowboy: Whoo! All right, Warriors!
Vermin: Them cats were some desperate dudes.
Cowboy: Hey, so was we!
Ajax: But even fight, we can take 'um!
Ajax: Bunch of chicken-shits!
Cowboy: Those cats didn't look too chicken-shit to me.
Vermin: Me either.
Mercy: I see what's happening next door and down the block. Belly hanging down, five kids. I'll tell you what I want. I want something now. This is the life I got left. You know what I mean? You get it, Warrior?
Ajax: One thing we might get out of Cyrus' little get-together, is meeting some strange wool. I wouldn't mind laying a little something down on the way back.
Vermin: You got a one-track brain, you know that?
Ajax: What's the matter? You going faggot?
Cochise: Well, we made it. And in an hour, it is C-I, the Big Coney.
Rembrandt: Hey, I found Coney Island!
Ajax: Can you figure out how many stops to the Union Square?
Cochise: Hey, come on, man - that's higher math for Rembrandt.
Orphan Leader: Hey!
Cowboy: You know where that cat's headed, don't you?
Rembrandt: Yeah, reinforcements.
Vermin: We're gonna get japped here, we're gonna get japped!
Cowboy: What do you know about Cyrus?
Rembrandt: He's the one and only.
Masai: What about our patrols?
Riff: So far nothin', but we got somebody here you oughta talk to. He says he saw who shot Cyrus.
Cyrus: The problem in the past has been the man turning us against one another. We have been unable to see the truth, because we have fighting for ten square feet of ground, our turf, our little piece of turf. That's crap, brothers! The turf is ours by right, because it's our turn. All we have to do is keep up the general truce. We take over one borough at a time. Secure our territory... secure our turf... because it's all our turf!
Swan: Maybe we better take off...
Ajax: Yeah, right...
Swan: When we get there, you stick close by, okay?
Rembrandt: Don't worry. I don't feel like getting wrecked.
Luther: Stay right on their ass!
Masai: Riffs!
Gramercy Riffs: Yeah, right!
Snow: Where's Ajax?
Snow: Cops got him. By the time we got back there were three squad cars.
Swan: I should have made him come with us.
Cowboy: Ain't your fault. He made a mistake. That's the way he was.
Swan: Yeah, right.
Rembrandt: That ain't the only bad news. Every gang in the city thinks we shot Cyrus.
Cochise: Yeah. Every gang from the Riffs on down.
Swan: Well we better take care of this one before we worry about the rest     