
Luke Skywalker: I'll not leave you here. I've got to save you.
Anakin Skywalker: You already have, Luke.
Darth Vader: Luke... help me take this mask off.
Luke: But you'll die.
Darth Vader: Nothing... can stop that now. Just for once... let me... look on you with my *own* eyes.
Anakin: Now... go, my son. Leave me.
Luke: No. You're coming with me. I'll not leave you here, I've got to save you.
Anakin: You already... have, Luke. You were right. You were right about me. Tell your sister... you were right.
Luke: Father... I won't leave you.
Han Solo: Chewie? Chewie, is that you?
Han Solo: Ch-Chewie! I can't see, pal. What's going on?
Han Solo: Luke? Luke's crazy! He can't even take care of himself, much less rescue anybody.
Han Solo: A Jedi Knight? Jeez, I'm out of it for a little while, everyone gets delusions of grandeur!
Luke: Your thoughts betray you, Father. I feel the good in you, the conflict.
Darth Vader: There is no conflict.
Luke: You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before and I don't believe you'll destroy me now.
Darth Vader: You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.
Han Solo: Together again, huh?
Luke: Wouldn't miss it.
Han Solo: How we doin'?
Luke: Same as always.
Han Solo: That bad, huh?
Yoda: Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Luke... Luke... do not... do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or suffer your father's fate you will. Luke, when gone am I... the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is... another... Sky... walker.
Han Solo: Who are you?
Princess Leia: Someone who loves you.
Han Solo: I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew.
Princess Leia: He wasn't. I can feel it.
Han Solo: You love him,
Han Solo: don't you?
Princess Leia: Yes.
Han Solo: All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the way.
Princess Leia: Oh, Han, it's not like that at all.
Princess Leia: He's my brother.
Luke: Never. I'll never turn to the Dark Side. You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me.
The Emperor: So be it... Jedi!
Luke: Master Yoda, you can't die.
Yoda: Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong.
Yoda: That face you make... look I so old to young eyes?
Luke: No. Of course not.
Yoda: I do. Yes, I do. Sick have I become, old and weak... When nine hundred years old *you* reach, look as good *you* will not, hmm?
Han Solo: I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur.
Luke: There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.
Han Solo: You're going to die here, you know. Convenient.
Luke Skywalker: I can't do it, R2. I can't go on alone.
Obi-Wan: Yoda and I will always be with you.
Luke Skywalker: Obi-Wan.
Luke Skywalker: Ben! Why didn't you tell me? You told me that Darth Vader betrayed and murdered my father.
Obi-Wan: Your father... was seduced by the Dark Side of the Force. He ceased to be the Jedi Anakin Skywalker and "became" the Sith Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your father was destroyed. So, what I told you was true... from a certain point of view.
Luke Skywalker: A certain point of view?
Obi-Wan: Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view. Anakin was a good friend. When I first met him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well as Yoda. I was wrong.
Luke Skywalker: There is still good in him.
Obi-Wan: He's more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.
Luke Skywalker: I can't do it, Ben.
Obi-Wan: You cannot escape your destiny. You must face Darth Vader again.
Luke Skywalker: I can't kill my own father.
Obi-Wan: Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.
Luke Skywalker: Yoda spoke of another.
Obi-Wan: The other he spoke of is your twin sister.
Luke Skywalker: But I have no sister.
Obi-Wan: Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.
Luke Skywalker: Leia! Leia is my sister.
Obi-Wan: Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit, but they could be made to serve the Emperor.
Lando Calrissian: We've gotta be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up or down.
Nien Nunb: Lando Calrissian: But how could they be jamming us if they don't know... if we're coming?
Lando Calrissian: Break off the attack! The shield is still up!
Wedge Antilles: I get no reading. Are you sure?
Lando Calrissian: Pull up! All craft, pull up!
Admiral Ackbar: Take evasive action! Green group, stick close to holding section MV-7!
Mon Calamari: Admiral! We have enemy ships in sector 47!
Admiral Ackbar: It's a trap!
Darth Vader: You cannot hide forever, Luke.
Luke Skywalker: I will not fight you.
Darth Vader: Give yourself to the Dark Side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes, your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for... sister. So, you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her, too. Obi-Wan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the Dark Side... then perhaps she will!
Luke Skywalker: NEVER!
Luke: Soon I'll be dead, and you with me.
The Emperor: Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your rebel fleet? Yes, I assure you, we are quite safe from your friends here.
Luke: Your overconfidence is your weakness.
The Emperor: Your faith in your friends is yours!
Luke: Search your feelings, Father, you can't do this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go of your hate.
Darth Vader: It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now.
Luke: Then my father is truly dead.
C-3PO: His high exaltedness, the Great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed that you are to be terminated immediately.
Han Solo: Good, I hate long waits.
C-3PO: You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea, and cast into the pit of Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlaac.
Han Solo: Doesn't sound so bad.
C-3PO: In his belly you will find a new definition of pain and suffering as you are slowly digested over a thousand years.
Han Solo: On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?
C-3PO: I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
EV-9D9: Ah, new acquisitions! You are a protocol droid, are you not?
C-3PO: I am C-3PO, human/cyborg...
EV-9D9: Yes or no will do.
C-3PO: Umm... yes.
EV-9D9: How many languages do you speak?
C-3PO: I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can readily...
EV-9D9: Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him.
C-3PO: Disintegrated?
Han Solo: Boba Fett? Boba Fett? Where?
C-3PO: I do believe they think I am some sort of god.
Han Solo: Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?
C-3PO: I beg your pardon General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper.
Han Solo: Proper?
C-3PO: It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.
Luke: Vader's on that ship.
Han Solo: Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance, though, Chewie, but don't *look* like you're trying to keeping your distance.
Han Solo: *I* don't know. Fly casual.
Darth Vader: The Emperor has been expecting you.
Luke: I know... father.
Darth Vader: So, you have accepted the truth?
Luke: I have accepted that you were once a Jedi named Anakin Skywalker, my father.
Darth Vader: That name no longer has any meaning for me!
Luke: Why not?... It's who you are.
Luke: I will not fight you, father.
Darth Vader: You are unwise to lower your defenses!
Princess Leia: Luke, tell me. What's troubling you?
Luke: Vader's here, now, on this moon.
Princess Leia: How do you know?
Luke: I feel his presence. But he can also feel mine. He's come for me. He can feel it when I'm near. That's why I have to go. As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission. I have to face him.
Princess Leia: Why?
Luke: He's my father.
Luke: If I don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.
Princess Leia: Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I don't understand and could never have.
Luke: You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force runs strong in my family. My father has it. I have it. And... my sister has it. Yes. It's you, Leia.
Princess Leia: I know. Somehow, I've always known.
Stormtrooper: Don't move!
Han Solo: I love you.
Princess Leia: I know.
Luke: Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father?
Yoda: Rest I need. Yes. Rest.
Luke: Yoda, I must know. If you know, tell me.
Yoda: Your father he is.
Yoda: Told you, did he?
Luke: Yes.
Yoda: Unexpected this is. And unfortunate.
Luke: Unfortunate that I know the truth?
Yoda: No! Unfortunate that you rushed to face him... that incomplete was your training. That... not ready for the burden were you.
The Emperor: Come, boy, see for yourself. From here, you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance and the end of your insignificant rebellion.
The Emperor: You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to your anger. With each passing moment you make yourself more my servant.
Luke: No.
The Emperor: It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now *mine*.
Moff Jerjerrod: Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We are honored by your presence...
Darth Vader: You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule.
Moff Jerjerrod: I assure you, Lord Vader. My men are working as fast as they can.
Darth Vader: Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.
Moff Jerjerrod: I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.
Darth Vader: The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.
Moff Jerjerrod: But he asks the impossible. I need more men.
Darth Vader: Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.
Moff Jerjerrod: The Emperor's coming here?
Darth Vader: That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress.
Moff Jerjerrod: We shall double our efforts.
Darth Vader: I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
C-3PO: At last, Master Luke's come to rescue me!
Bib Fortuna: Master.
Bib Fortuna: May I present Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight?
Jabba the Hutt: I told you not to admit him!
Luke: I must be allowed to speak.
Bib Fortuna: He must be allowed to speak.
Jabba the Hutt: You weak minded fool! He's using an old Jedi mind trick.
Luke: You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me.
Jabba the Hutt: Your mind powers will not work on me, boy.
Luke: Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends with me. You can either profit by this or be destroyed. It's your choice, but I warn you not to underestimate my powers.
Jabba the Hutt: There will be no bargain, my young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.
Han Solo: Well, short help is better than no help at all.
Princess Leia: Luke, what's wrong?
Luke: Leia, do you remember your mother? Your real mother?
Princess Leia: Just a little bit. She died when I was very young.
Luke: What do you remember?
Princess Leia: Just... images really. Feelings.
Luke: Tell me.
Princess Leia: She was... very beautiful. Kind, but sad. Why are you asking me this?
Luke: I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.
Mon Mothma: Many Bothans died to bring us this information.
Lando Calrissian: Home One, this is Gold Leader.
Admiral Ackbar: We saw it. All craft, prepare to retreat.
Lando Calrissian: We won't get another chance at this, Admiral.
Admiral Ackbar: We have no choice, General Calrissian! Our cruisers can't repel firepower of that magnitude!
Lando Calrissian: Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time!
Darth Vader: I see you have constructed a new light saber. Your skills are complete. Indeed you are powerful as the Emperor has foreseen.
Han Solo: Chewie, give me the gun! Don't move, Lando!
Lando Calrissian: No, wait! I thought you were blind!
Han Solo: It's alright, I can see a lot better! Don't move!
Lando Calrissian: Up a little higher! Just a little higher!
Princess Leia: I... I can't tell you.
Han Solo: Did you tell Luke? Is that who you could tell?
Han Solo: I have a really bad feeling about this.
The Emperor: If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed!
The Emperor: Young fool... Only now, at the end, do you understand...
The Emperor: Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the Dark Side.
The Emperor: Now, you will pay the price for your lack of vision!
Imperial Officer: You rebel scum.
Han Solo: I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big bright blur.
Luke: There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.
Han Solo: You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.
The Emperor: As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now witness the firepower of this fully ARMED and OPERATIONAL battle station!
The Emperor: Fire at will, Commander!
Moff Jerjerrod: Fire!
Darth Vader: A small rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.
The Emperor: Yes, I know.
Darth Vader: My son is with them.
The Emperor: Are you sure?
Darth Vader: I have *felt* him, my master.
The Emperor: Strange that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear, Lord Vader.
Darth Vader: They are clear, my master.
Darth Vader: Do they have a code clearance?
Admiral Piett: It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them.
Princess Leia: But, why must you confront him?
Luke: Because, there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try.
The Emperor: And now, young Skywalker... you will die.
General Madine: We have stolen a small Imperial shuttle. Disguised as a cargo ship, and using a secret Imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the shield generator.
C-3PO: It sounds dangerous.
Princess Leia: Who have they found to pull that off?
General Madine: General Solo, is your strike team assembled?
Han Solo: Chewie and I'll take care of this, you stay here.
Luke: *Quietly*. There may be more of them out there.
Han Solo: Hey, it's me.
Han Solo: 3PO. You tell that slimy piece of worm-ridden filth, he'll get no such pleasure from us.
Han Solo: Right?
C-3PO: He says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield generator.
Han Solo: Good. How far is it? Ask him.
Han Solo: We need some fresh supplies too.
Han Solo: Try and get our weapons back.
Han Solo: Hurry up, will ya? Haven't got all day!
Title card/crawl: A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...
Title card/crawl: Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE has begun construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of rebels struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...
Darth Vader: Obi-Wan has taught you well.
Princess Leia: You're a jittery little thing, aren't you?
Han Solo: Well, look at you! A General, huh?
Lando Calrissian: Someone must have told them all about my little maneuver at the Battle of Taanab.
Han Solo: Well, don't look at me, pal. I just said you were a fair pilot. I didn't know they were looking for somebody to lead this crazy attack.
Lando Calrissian: I'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.
Han Solo: Well, who says they didn't? Only I ain't crazy.
C-3PO: R2, why did you have to be so brave?
Luke: Come with me. Leave everything behind.
Darth Vader: Obi-Wan once thought as you do. You don't know the power of the Dark Side. I must obey my master.
Luke: I'll meet you back at the fleet.
Princess Leia: Hurry. The Alliance should be assembled by now.
Luke: I will.
Han Solo: Hey, Luke, thanks. Thanks for coming after me. I owe you one.
The Emperor: Rise, my friend.
Darth Vader: The Death Star will be completed on schedule.
The Emperor: You've done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker.
Darth Vader: Yes, my Master.
The Emperor: Patience, my friend. In time, he will seek *you* out, and when he does, you must bring him before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the Dark Side of the Force.
Darth Vader: As you wish.
The Emperor: Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.
The Emperor: Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. Your friends, up there on the sanctuary moon, are walking into a trap, as is your Rebel fleet. It was *I* who allowed the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator. It is quite safe from your pitiful little band. An entire legion of my best troops awaits them. Oh, I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when your friends arrive.
The Emperor: Good! Use your aggressive feelings, boy. Let the hate flow through you!
Lando Calrissian: Don't worry, my friend's down there. He'll have that shield down in time.
Lando Calrissian: Or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.
Princess Leia: It only takes one to sound the alarm.
Han Solo: Then we'll do it real quiet-like.
C-3PO: Wonderful. We are now a part of the tribe.
Han Solo: Just what I always wanted.
Stardestroyer Controller #1: Sir! We've lost our bridge deflector shield!
Admiral Piett: Intensify the forward batteries, I don't want anything to get through.
Admiral Piett: Intensify forward fire power!
Imperial Officer: Too late!
Admiral Ackbar: It's a trap!
Luke: Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic.
C-3PO: But, Master Luke, what magic? I couldn't possibly...
Luke: Just tell them.
Lando Calrissian: Here goes nothing.
Han Solo: Wait, I know that laugh...
Luke: I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.
Han Solo: It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.
The Emperor: The Alliance... will die. As will your friends. Good, I can feel your anger. I am defenceless. Take your weapon. Strike me down with all of your hatred and your journey towards the dark side will be complete!
Jabba the Hutt: This bounty hunter is my kind of scum: fearless and inventive.
Lando Calrissian: Yes, I said *closer*! Move as close as you can, and engage those Star Destroyers at point blank range!
Admiral Ackbar: At that close range we won't last long against those Star Destroyers!
Lando Calrissian: We'll last longer than we will against that Death Star! And we might just take a few of them with us!
Princess Leia: We have powerful friends. You're going to regret this.
Jabba the Hutt: I'm sure.
C-3PO: If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short circuit.
Admiral Ackbar: The Shield is down! Commence attack on the Death star's main reactor.
Lando Calrissian: We're on our way, Red group, Gold group, all fighters follow me. Ha ha ha, I told you they'd do it!
Darth Vader: No.
Darth Vader: NOOOOOOOOOO!
Yoda: No more training do you require. Already know you, that which you need.
Luke: Then I am a Jedi.
Yoda: No. Not yet. One thing remains. Vader. You must confront Vader. Then, only then, a Jedi will you be. And confront him you will.
Lando Calrissian: That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational!
Darth Vader: His light saber.
The Emperor: Ah, yes. A Jedi's weapon, much like your father's. By now you must know that your father can never be turned from the Dark Side. So will it be with you.
Darth Vader: He will come to me?
The Emperor: I have foreseen it. His compassion for you will be his undoing. He will come to you and then you will bring him before me.
Darth Vader: As you wish.
Lando Calrissian: That was too close.
Han Solo: It's over, Commander. The rebels have been routed and they're fleeing into the woods. We need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.
Princess Leia: General, count me in.
Luke: You will take me to Jabba now.
Bib Fortuna: I take you to Jabba now.
Luke: You serve your master well. And you will be rewarded.
EV-9D9: Ah, good! New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid, are you not?
C-3PO: I am C-3PO, Human...
EV-9D9: Yes or no will do.
C-3PO: Oh. Well, yes.
C-3PO: Your Royal Highness.
Princess Leia: But these are my friends. 3PO, tell them they must be set free.
Han Solo: Somehow I got the feeling that didn't work very much.
The Emperor: I'm looking forward to completing your training. In time you will call *me* master.
Luke: You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me as you did my father.
The Emperor: Oh no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken, about a great many things.
Yoda: Soon will I rest, yes, forever sleep. Earned it I have.
Luke: Master Yoda, you can't die.
Yoda: Ah, strong am I with the Force, but not that strong. Twilight is upon me, and soon, night must fall. That is the way of things. The way of the Force.
C-3PO: Exciting is hardly the word I would choose.
C-3PO: What could possibly have come over Master Luke? Is it something I did? He never expressed any unhappiness with my work.
C-3PO: I never knew I had it in me.
C-3PO: I have decided that we shall stay here.
Lando Calrissian: All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.
Wedge Antilles: Copy, Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out.
Admiral Piett: Shall I hold them?
Darth Vader: No. Leave them to me. I will deal with them myself.
Darth Vader: What is thy bidding, my master?
The Emperor: Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for.
Darth Vader: What of the reports of the rebel fleet massing near Sullust?
The Emperor: It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us. Your work here is finished, my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders.
Darth Vader: Yes, my master.
Jabba the Hutt: You may have been a good smuggler, but now you're Bantha fodder.
Bib Fortuna: Bargain rather than fight? He's no Jedi.
Admiral Ackbar: You can see here, the Death Star orbiting the forest moon of Endor. Although the weapon systems on this Death Star or not yet operational, the Death Star does have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield which is generated from the nearby forest moon of Endor.
Admiral Ackbar: The shield must be deactivated, if any attack is to be attempted.
Admiral Ackbar: Once the shield is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while our fighters fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.
Jar Jar Binks: Wesa free!
Lando Calrissian: Watch yourself Wedge, Three from above!
Wedge Antilles: Red Three, Red Two, pull in!
Red Two: Got it.
Red Two: Three of them coming in, twenty degrees.
Wedge Antilles: Cut to the left, I'll take the leader.
Jabba the Hutt: Bring me Solo and the Wookiee! They will all suffer for this outrage!
Admiral Piett: I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping.
Jabba the Hutt: There will be no bargain, young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.
Shuttle captain: Command station, this is ST321, code clearance blue. We're starting our approach; deactivate the security shield.
Mon Mothma: The Emperor's made a critical error, and the time for our attack has come.
Darth Vader: Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.
Moff Jerjerrod: I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.
Darth Vader: The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.
Moff Jerjerrod: But he asks the impossible.
Moff Jerjerrod: I need more men.
Darth Vader: Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.
Moff Jerjerrod: The Emperor's coming here?
Darth Vader: That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress.
Moff Jerjerrod: We shall double our efforts.
Darth Vader: I hope so, Commander, for your sake.
Darth Vader: The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
Darth Vader: Luke... Luke... Join me and the Dark Side of the Force... my son, it is the only way... Luke... Luke...
C-3PO: What a forsaken place this is! Why couldn't that bounty hunter have taken Captain Solo to a more... pleasant environment?
C-3PO: We're leaving? But, what about Master Luke?
C-3PO: I thought he was going to rescue Captain Solo?
C-3PO: You mean, we're going to that horrible fortress alone?
C-3PO: We're doomed.
C-3PO: Of course I'm frightened, and you should be, too. Lando Calrissian and poor Chewbacca never return from this awful place.
C-3PO: Don't be so sure. If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short-circuit.
Princess Leia: Princess Leia: How is it?
Han Solo: I don't know. All I see is blowing sand!
Princess Leia: That's all any of us can see.
Han Solo: I guess I'm getting better then.
Luke: I'll see you back at the fleet.
Han Solo: Why don't you leave that crate and come with us? We're faster.
Luke: I have a promise to keep... to an old friend.
Han Solo: Hey kid!
Han Solo: Thanks for coming after me.
Luke: Think nothing of it.
Han Solo: I'm thinking... I owe you one.
Luke: Luke: Meet you back at the fleet.
Princess Leia: Hurry. The Alliance should be assembled by now.
Luke: I will.
The Emperor: You're hate has made you powerful. Now fulfill your destiny, take you're father's place by my side.
Luke: Never I'll never turn to the dark side
Luke: You failed your highness, I am a Jedi like my father before me.
The Emperor: So be it,Jedi.
Yoda: Unfortunate that you must rush to face him. And in complete of your training. That no ready the burden with you. Obi-Wan would had told you long ago if I had let him. Now, a great weakness you carry. Fear for you, I do. Face Vader you must and "sorry" will not help.
C-3PO: Toronto? Gosh.
Lando Calrissian: Split up and head back to the surface. And see if you can get a few of those TIE fighters to follow you.
X-Wing Pilot: She's gonna blow!     