
Luke: All right, I'll give it a try.
Yoda: No. Try not. Do... or do not. There is no try.
Princess Leia: Why, you stuck up... half-witted... scruffy-looking... Nerf-herder!
Han Solo: Who's scruffy-looking?
Han Solo: No! Stop, Chewie, stop! Chewie! Chewie this won't help me! Hey! Save your strength. There'll be another time. The Princess. You have to take care of her. You hear me? Huh?
Princess Leia: I love you.
Han Solo: I know.
C-3PO: Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately 3,720 to 1.
Han Solo: Never tell me the odds.
Luke: I don't, I don't believe it.
Yoda: That is why you fail.
Luke: I won't fail you. I'm not afraid.
Yoda: You will be. You... will... be.
Yoda: I am wondering, why are you here?
Luke: I'm looking for someone.
Yoda: Looking? Found someone, you have, I would say, hmmm?
Luke: Right...
Yoda: Help you I can. Yes, mmmm.
Luke: I don't think so. I'm looking for a great warrior.
Yoda: Ohhh. Great warrior.
Yoda: Wars not make one great.
Darth Vader: Apology accepted, Captain Needa.
Luke: I can't. It's too big.
Yoda: Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.
Yoda: Yes, run! Yes, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.
Luke: Vader... Is the dark side stronger?
Yoda: No, no, no. Quicker, easier, more seductive.
Luke: But how am I to know the good side from the bad?
Yoda: You will know... when you are calm, at peace, passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, NEVER for attack.
Luke: But tell my why I can't...
Yoda: No, no! There is no "why".
Yoda: Ready are you? What know you of ready? For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi. My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm? What he was doing. Hmph! Adventure. Heh! Excitement. Heh! A Jedi craves not these things. You are reckless!
Yoda: Why wish you become Jedi?
Luke: Well, mostly because of my father, I guess.
Yoda: Ahh... father. Powerful Jedi was he. Powerful Jedi.
Luke: Oh, come on! How can you know my father? You don't even know who I am. Oh, I don't even know what I'm doing here! We're wasting our time!
Yoda: I cannot teach him. The boy has no patience.
Obi-Wan: He will learn patience.
Yoda: Much anger in him... like his father.
Obi-Wan: Was I any different when you taught me?
Luke: There's something not right here... I feel cold. Death.
Yoda: That place... is strong with the dark side of the Force. A domain of evil it is. In you must go.
Luke: What's in there?
Yoda: Only what you take with you.
Echo Base Officer: Your Tauntaun will freeze before you reach the first marker!
Han Solo: Then I'll see you in Hell!
Luke: I want my lamp back. I'm gonna need it to get out of this slimy mudhole.
Yoda: Mudhole? Slimy? My home this is!
Han Solo: Hey, Your Worship, I'm only trying to help.
Princess Leia: Would you please stop calling me that?
Han Solo: Sure, Leia.
Princess Leia: You make it so difficult sometimes.
Han Solo: I do, I really do. You could be a little nicer, though. Come on, admit it. Sometimes you think I'm all right.
Princess Leia: Occasionally, maybe... when you aren't acting like a scoundrel.
Han Solo: Scoundrel? Scoundrel... I like the sound of that.
Princess Leia: Stop that.
Han Solo: Stop what?
Princess Leia: Stop that. My hands are dirty.
Han Solo: My hands are dirty, too. What are you afraid of?
Princess Leia: Afraid?
Han Solo: You're trembling.
Princess Leia: I'm not trembling.
Han Solo: You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life.
Princess Leia: I happen to like nice men.
Han Solo: I'm a nice man.
Princess Leia: No, you're not...
C-3PO: Sir. Sir, I've isolated the reverse, power flux coupling.
Han Solo: Thank you. Thank you very much.
C-3PO: Oh you're perfectly welcome, sir.
Princess Leia: Let go.
Han Solo: Shh.
Princess Leia: Let go, please.
Han Solo: Don't get excited.
Princess Leia: Captain, being held by you isn't quite enough to get me excited.
Han Solo: Sorry sweetheart. I haven't got time for anything else.
Darth Vader: Calrissian. Take the princess and the Wookie to my ship.
Lando: You said they'd be left at the city under my supervision!
Darth Vader: I am altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further.
Princess Leia: You're not actually going IN to an asteroid field?
Han Solo: They'd be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they?
Han Solo: Well Princess, it looks like you managed to keep me here a while longer.
Princess Leia: I had nothing to do with it. General Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for anyone to leave the system until they've activated the energy shield.
Han Solo: That's a good story. I think you just can't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight.
Princess Leia: I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain.
Han Solo: Laugh it up, fuzzball.
Luke: I don't know. I feel like...
Yoda: Feel like what?
Luke: Like we're being watched.
Yoda: Away put your weapon. I mean you no harm.
Yoda: Your weapons, you will not need them.
Darth Vader: What is thy bidding, my master?
Emperor Palpatine: There is a great disturbance in the Force.
Darth Vader: I have felt it.
Emperor Palpatine: We have a new enemy. The young Rebel who destroyed the Death Star. I have no doubt this boy is the offspring of Anakin Skywalker.
Darth Vader: How is that possible?
Emperor Palpatine: Search your feelings, Lord Vader. You will know it to be true. He could destroy us.
Darth Vader: He's just a boy. Obi-Wan can no longer help him.
Emperor Palpatine: The Force is strong with him. The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi.
Darth Vader: If he could be turned, he would become a powerful ally.
Emperor Palpatine: Yes... He would be a great asset. Can it be done?
Darth Vader: He will join us or die, master.
Han Solo: You said you wanted to be around when I made a mistake, well, this could be it, sweetheart.
Princess Leia: I take it back.
Han Solo: This may smell bad, kid, but it'll keep you warm until I get the shelter up... Ugh. And I thought they smelled bad on the *outside*.
Darth Vader: Luke, you can destroy the Emperor. He has foreseen this. It is your destiny. Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.
Princess Leia: Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Han Solo: It might!
Boba Fett: What if he doesn't survive? He's worth a lot to me.
Darth Vader: The Empire will compensate you, if he dies. Put him in.
Luke: We'll never get it out now!
Yoda: So certain are you. Always with you what cannot be done. Hear you nothing that I say?
Han Solo: Afraid I was gonna leave without giving you a goodbye kiss?
Princess Leia: I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
Han Solo: I can arrange that. You could use a good kiss.
Leia: They're getting closer.
Han Solo: Oh, yeah? Watch this.
Leia: Watch what?
Han Solo: I think we're in trouble.
C-3PO: If I may say so, sir, I noticed earlier the hyperdrive motivator has been damaged. It's impossible to go to lightspeed!
Han Solo: We're in trouble!
Yoda: Control, control, you must learn control!
Darth Vader: Impressive. Most impressive. Obi-Wan has taught you well. You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me.
Darth Vader: There will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the Millennium Falcon. You are free to use any methods necessary, but I want them alive. No disintegrations.
Boba Fett: As you wish.
Darth Vader: You are beaten. It is useless to resist. Don't let yourself be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.
Princess Leia: The cave is collapsing.
Han Solo: This is no cave.
Yoda: You must unlearn what you have learned.
C-3PO: Oh. They've encased him in Carbonite. He should be quite well protected. If he survived the freezing process, that is.
Darth Vader: Well, Calrissian, did he survive?
Lando: Yes, he's alive, and in perfect hibernation.
Darth Vader: He's all yours, bounty hunter. Reset the chamber for Skywalker.
C-3PO: Don't worry about Master Luke. I'm sure he'll be all right. He's quite clever, you know... for a human being.
Luke: Echo Three to Echo Seven. Han, old buddy, do you read me?
Han Solo: Loud and clear, kid. What's up?
Luke: Well, I finished my circle. I don't pick up any life readings.
Han Solo: There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. Sensors are placed. I'm going back.
Luke: Right. I'll see you shortly. There's a meteorite that hit the ground near here. I want to check it out. It won't take long.
Princess Leia: Luke! Luke! Don't! It's a trap! It's a trap!
Yoda: You must not go!
Luke: But Han and Leia will die if I don't.
Obi-Wan: You don't know that. Even Yoda cannot see their fate.
Luke: But I can help them! I feel the Force!
Obi-Wan: But you cannot control it. This is a dangerous time for you, when you will be tempted by the Dark Side of the Force.
Princess Leia: I hope you know what you're doing.
Han Solo: Yeah, me too.
Lando: I had no choice. They arrived right before you did. I'm sorry.
Han Solo: I'm sorry too.
Lando: Princess, we'll find Han. I promise.
Luke: Chewie, I'll be waiting for your signal. Take care, you two. May the force be with you.
Lando: How you doin' Chewbacca? Still hanging around with this loser?
Han Solo: Either shut him up or shut him down!
Princess Leia: Han, we need you.
Han Solo: *We* need?
Princess Leia: Yes.
Han Solo: Well, what about *you* need?
Princess Leia: I need? I don't know what you are talking about.
Han Solo: You probably don't.
Princess Leia: What precisely am I supposed to know?
Han Solo: Come on. You want me to stay because of the way you feel about me.
Princess Leia: Yes, you're great help to us. You're a natural leader.
Han Solo: No! That's not it. Come on. Come on!
Princess Leia: You're imagining things.
Han Solo: Am I? Then why are you following me? Afraid I was gonna leave without giving you a goodbye kiss?
Princess Leia: I'd just as soon kiss a wookiee.
Han Solo: I can arrange that.
Han Solo: You could use a good kiss!
Darth Vader: The force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet.
Darth Vader: Yes, Admiral?
Admiral Piett: Our ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, my Lord. But it has entered an asteroid field and we cannot risk...
Darth Vader: Asteroids do not concern me, Admiral! I want that ship, not excuses!
Admiral Piett: Yes, my Lord.
Princess Leia: Well, I guess you don't know everything about women yet.
C-3PO: Excuse me sir, but might I inquire as to what's going on?
Han Solo: Why not?
C-3PO: Impossible man.
Luke: Leia... Hear me, Leia...
Princess Leia: Luke... We've got to go back.
Lando: What?
Princess Leia: I know where Luke is!
Yoda: Stopped they must be; on this all depends. Only a fully trained Jedi Knight, with the Force as his ally, will conquer Vader and his Emperor. If you end your training now - if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did - you will become an agent of evil.
Obi-Wan: Patience.
Luke: And sacrifice Han and Leia?
Yoda: If you honor what they fight for? Yes.
Obi-Wan: If you choose to face Vader, you will do it alone. I cannot interfere.
Luke: I understand. R2? Fire up the converters.
Obi-Wan: Luke! Don't give in to hate. That leads to the Dark Side.
Yoda: Strong is Vader. Mind what you have learned. Save you it can.
Luke: I will. And I'll return, I promise.
Han Solo: No time to discuss this as a committee.
Princess Leia: I am not a committee!
Echo Base Officer: Echo station 3-T-8, we have spotted Imperial walkers.
Admiral Ozzel: Lord Vader, the fleet has moved out of lightspeed and we're preparing to...
Darth Vader: You have failed me for the last time, Admiral! Captain Piett?
Captain Piett: Yes, my lord?
Darth Vader: Make ready to land our troops beyond their energy field, and deploy the fleet, so that nothing gets off the system.
Darth Vader: You are in command now... Admiral Piett!
Admiral Piett: Thank you, Lord Vader. I won't fail you.
Princess Leia: We're going to get pulverized if we stay out here much longer.
Han Solo: I'm not going to argue with that.
C-3PO: Pulverized?
Darth Vader: We would be honored if you would join us.
Princess Leia: I love you.
Han Solo: I know.
Han Solo: How ya feeling kid? You don't look so bad to me. You look strong enough to pull the ears off a gundark.
Luke: Thanks to you.
Han Solo: That's two you owe me, junior.
Yoda: How do you get so big eating food of this kind?
Darth Vader: All too easy.
Darth Vader: You have learned much, young one.
Luke: You'll find I'm full of surprises.
C-3PO: Sir, it's quite possible this asteroid is not entirely stable.
Han Solo: Not entirely stable. I'm glad you're here to tell us these things. Chewie! Take the Professor in back and plug him into the hyperdrive!
Han Solo: Hurry up, goldenrod! Or you're gonna be a permanent resident!
Admiral Piett: Bounty hunters. We don't need that scum.
Captain Needa: They can't have disappeared. No ship that small has a cloaking device.
Wedge Antilles: Whoa! That got him!
Princess Leia: All troop carriers will assemble at the north entrance. The heavy transport ships will leave as soon as they're loaded. Only two fighter escorts per ship. The energy shield can only be opened for a short time, so you'll have to stay very close to your transports.
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian: Two fighters against a Star Destroyer?
Princess Leia: The ion cannon will fire several shots to make sure any enemy ships will be out of your flight path. When you've gotten past the energy shield, proceed directly to the rendezvous point. Understood? Good luck.
C-3PO: You must come along now R2. There's really nothing more we can do. And my joints are freezing up.
C-3PO: Don't say things like that! Of course we'll see Master Luke again! And he'll be quite all right, you'll see!
C-3PO: Stupid little short-circuit! He'll be *quite* all right.
Princess Leia: Some day you're gonna be wrong, I just hope I'm there to see it.
Princess Leia: You certainly have a way with people...
Han Solo: What's going on... Buddy?
Lando: You're being put into carbon-freeze.
Luke: Ben... Ben. Why didn't you tell me?
Luke: I saw - I saw a city in the clouds.
Yoda: Friends you have there.
Luke: They were in pain...
Yoda: It is the future you see.
Luke: The future?
Luke: Will they die?
Yoda: Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.
Luke: I've got to go to them.
Yoda: Decide you must, how to serve them best. If you leave now, help them you could; but you would destroy all for which they have fought, and suffered.
Princess Leia: You don't have to do this to impress me.
C-3PO: Oh, yes, that's very good, I like that... Oh!
C-3PO: Well, now, something's not right, because now I can't see!
C-3PO: Oh, oh, that's much better. Wait... wait. Oh, my! What have you done? I'm BACKWARDS. You flea-bitten furball! Only an overgrown mop-head like you would be stupid enough to...
C-3PO: I thought that hairy beast would be the end of me.
C-3PO: Of course I've looked better.
Han Solo: I feel terrible.
Lando: Lord Vader, we only use this facility for carbon freezing. You put him in there, it might kill him!
Darth Vader: I do not want the Emperor's prize damaged. We will test it... on Captain Solo.
C-3PO: Sir, If I may venture an opinion...
Han Solo: I'm not really interested in your opinion 3PO.
Luke: You were lucky to get out of there.
Admiral Piett: Lord Vader, our ships have completed their scan of the area and found nothing. If the Millennium Falcon went into light-speed, which I doubt, it'll be on the other side of the galaxy by now.
Darth Vader: Alert all commands. Calculate every possible destination along their last known trajectory.
Admiral Piett: Yes, my Lord. We'll find them.
Darth Vader: Don't fail me again, Admiral. I've had quite enough.
Lando: What are you doing here?
Han Solo: Ah, repairs. I was hoping you could help me out.
Lando: What have you done to my ship?
Han Solo: YOUR ship? Hey, remember you lost her to me, fair and square.
Darth Vader: What is it, General?
General Veers: My Lord, the fleet has moved out of lightspeed. Com Scan has detected an energy field protecting an area on the sixth planet of the Hoth System. The field is strong enough to deflect any bombardment.
Darth Vader: The Rebels are alerted to our presence. Admiral Ozzel came out of lightspeed too close to the system.
General Veers: He... he felt surprise was wiser...
Darth Vader: He is as clumsy as he is stupid! A clean bombardment is now impossible. General... prepare your troops for a surface attack.
General Veers: Yes, my Lord.
Lando: Hello, what have we here?
Princess Leia: You have your moments. Not many of them, but you do have them.
Luke: How far away is Yoda? Will it take us long to get there?
Yoda: Not far. Yoda not far. Patience. Soon you will be with him.
Leia: I thought you knew this person.
Chewbacca: Han Solo: Well, that was a long time ago, I'm sure he's forgotten about that.
Princess Leia: I have a bad feeling about this...
Dak: Right now I feel like I could take on the whole Empire myself.
Han Solo: It's not my fault.
Imperial Officer: Sir, rebel ships are coming into our sector.
Captain Lennox: Good, our first catch of the day.
Darth Vader: You may take Captain Solo to Jabba the Hutt after I have Skywalker.
Boba Fett: He's no good to me dead.
Darth Vader: He will not be permanently damaged.
C-3PO: The odds of successfully surviving an attack on an Imperial Star Destroyer are approximately...
Leia: Shut up!
Princess Leia: This bucket of bolts's never gonna get us past that blockade.
Title card/crawl: A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...
Title card/crawl: It is a dark time for the Rebellion. Although the Death Star has been destroyed, Imperial troops have driven the Rebel forces from their hidden base and pursued them across the galaxy. Evading the dreaded Imperial Starfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Luke Skywalker has established a new secret base on the remote ice world of Hoth. The evil lord Darth Vader, obsessed with finding young Skywalker, has dispatched thousands of remote probes into the far reaches of space...
C-3PO: If only you'd attached my legs, I wouldn't be in this ridiculous position. Now remember, Chewbacca, you have a responsibility to me, so don't do anything foolish!
Lando: I've just made a deal that'll keep the Empire out of here forever.
C-3PO: Noisy brute. Why don't we just go to lightspeed?
R2-D2: C-3PO: We can't? How would you know the hyperdrive is deactivated?
R2-D2: C-3PO: The City's central computer told you? R2-D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer.
C-3PO: Ouch! Pay attention to what you're doing!
Han Solo: Deck officer! Deck officer!
Luke: Now all I got to is find this Yoda. If he even exists. It's a really strange place to find a Jedi Master. This place gives me the creeps.
Luke: Still... there's something familiar about this place.
Luke: I don't know, I feel like...
Luke: ... like we're being watched!
Yoda: Away put your weapon, I mean you no harm! I am wondering, why are you here?
Luke: I'm looking for someone.
Yoda: Looking? Found someone, you have, I would say! Hmm?
Luke: Right...
Yoda: Help you, I can. Yes, mmm.
Luke: I don't think so.
Luke: I'm looking for a great warrior.
Yoda: Oh!
Yoda: Great warrior!
Yoda: Wars not make one great, heh heh heh!
Luke: Put that down, now we...
Luke: Hey! My dinner!
Lando: Lord Vader, what about Leia and the Wookiee?
Darth Vader: They must never again leave this city.
Lando: That was never a condition of our agreement, nor was giving Han to this bounty hunter!
Darth Vader: Perhaps you think you're being treated unfairly?
Lando: No.
Darth Vader: Good, it would be unfortunate if I had to leave a garrison here.
Lando: This deal is getting worse all the time!
Lando: Why you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler. You've got a lot of guts coming here, after what you pulled.
Lando: Punch it!
Lando: They told me they fixed it! I *trusted* them to *fix* it! It's not my fault!
Princess Leia: I'll be back.
Lando: Having trouble with your droid?
Han Solo: No, no problem. Why?
Lando: Well done. Hold them in the security tower, and keep it quiet. Move.
Leia: What do you think you're doing?
Lando: We're getting out of here.
C-3PO: I knew all along. Had to be a mistake.
Leia: Do you think that after what you did to Han that we're going to trust you?
Lando: I had no choice!
C-3PO: What are you doing? Trust him, trust him!
Leia: Oh, well, we understand, don't we, Chewie. You had "no choice".
Lando: Just trying to help...
Leia: We don't need any of your help!
Lando: Han! Ha- Ha...
Leia: What?
Lando: HAN!
C-3PO: It sounds like Han!
Lando: There's still a chance to save Han! At the east... platform!
Leia: Chewie!
C-3PO: I'm terribly sorry about all this. After all, he's only a Wookiee!
Han Solo: Horizontal boosters. Alluvial dampers? Ow! That's not it, bring me the Hydrospanner. I don't know how we're going to get out of this one.
Han Solo: OW! Chewie!
Lando: You look absolutely beautiful. You truly belong here with us among the clouds.
Princess Leia: Thank you.
Lando: Lord Vader, we only use this facility for carbon freezing. If you put him in there it might kill him.
Darth Vader: I do not want the Emperor's prize damaged. We will test it on Captain Solo.
General Veers: Yes, Lord Vader. I've reached the main power generators. The shield will be down in no time. You may start your landing.
C-3PO: I didn't ask you to turn on the thermal heater. I merely commented that it was freezing in the princess's chamber...
R2-D2: C-3PO: But it's SUPPOSED to be freezing! How we are ever going to dry out her clothes, I really don't know!
C-3PO: Oh, this is suicide! There's nowhere to go.
C-3PO: That sounds like an R2 unit in there! I wonder if... Hello? Hello? How interesting.
Stormtrooper: Who are you?
C-3PO: Oh, my! I... I'm terribly sorry. I didn't mean to intrude. No, please don't get up.
Darth Vader: Alert my Star Destroyer to prepare for my arrival.
Wedge Antilles: Detach cable!
Rebel Force Janson: Cable detached!
Princess Leia: Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Han Solo: It might!
C-3PO: I really don't see how that is going to help! Surrender is a perfectly acceptable alternative in extreme circumstances! The Empire may be gracious enough to...
Darth Vader: Your destiny lies with me Skywalker. Obi-Wan knew this to be true.
Luke: No...
C-3PO: Well, don't blame me. I'm an interpreter. I'm not supposed to know a power socket from a computer terminal.
C-3PO: Master Luke, Sir, it's so good to see you fully functional again. R2 expresses his relief also.
C-3PO: No! We're not interested in the hyperdrive on the Millenium Falcon, it's fixed!
C-3PO: Just open the door, you stupid lug!
C-3PO: I never doubted him for a second! Wonderful!
C-3PO: I'm terribly sorry about all this. After all, he's only a Wookiee.
C-3PO: Artoo says that the chances of survival are 725 to 1. Actually Artoo has been known to make mistakes... from time to time... Oh dear...
C-3PO: Sir, I don't know where your ship learned to communicate, but it has the most peculiar dialect.
Darth Vader: Yes, Admiral, what is it?
Admiral Piett: The Emperor commands you make contact with him.
Darth Vader: Move the ship out of the asteroid field so that we can send a clear transmission.
C-3PO: : Well, he seems very friendly.
Princess Leia: Yes, very friendly...
General Rieekan: I don't think we can protect two transports at a time.
Princess Leia: It's risky but we can't hold out much longer. We have no choice.
General Rieekan: Launch patrols.
Princess Leia: Evacuate remaining ground staff.
Lando: You know, seeing you sure brings back a few things. Yeah, I'm responsible now, the price you pay for being successful.
Darth Vader: Alert my Star Destroyer to prepare for my arrival.
Luke: Watch that cross fire boys.
Darth Vader: Alert my Star Destroyer to prepare for my arrival.
Han Solo: OOOOW!
Lando: Sorry, am I interrupting anything?
Princess Leia: Not really.
Lando: You look absolutely beautiful. You truly belong here with us among the clouds.
Princess Leia: Thank you.
Lando: Would you join us for a little refreshment? Everyone's invited, of course.
Lando: Having trouble with your droid?
Han Solo: No, no problem. Why?
Boba Fett: What if he doesn't survive? He's worth a lot to me.
Yoda: Luke. You must complete the training.
Luke: No, I can't keep the vision out of my head. They are my friends; I've got to help them.
Yoda: You must not go.
Luke: But, Han and Leia will die if I don't.
Obi-Wan: You don't know that.
Obi-Wan: Even Yoda cannot see their fate.
Luke: But, I can help them. I feel the Force.
Obi-Wan: But, you cannot control it. This is a dangerous time for you. When you will be tempted by the dark side of the force.
Yoda: Yes! Yes! To Obi Wan, you listen. The cave. Remember your failure with the cave?
Luke: But I've learnt so much since then. Master Yoda, I promise to return and finish what I've begun. You have my word.
Obi-Wan: It is you and your abilities the Emperor wants. That is why your friends are made to suffer.
Luke: That's why I have to go.
Obi-Wan: Luke. I don't want to lose you to the Emperor, the way I lost Vader.
Luke: You won't.
Yoda: Stopped, they must be. On this, all depends. Only a fully trained Jedi Knight, with the Force as his ally, will conquer Vader and his Emperor. If you end your training now, if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did, you will become an agent of evil.
Obi-Wan: Patience.
Luke: And sacrifice Han and Leia?
Yoda: If you honor what they fight for? Yes!
Obi-Wan: If you choose to face Vader, you will do it alone. I cannot interfere.
Luke: I understand.
Luke: R2, fire up the converters.
Obi-Wan: Luke! Don't give in to hate. That leads to the dark side.
Obi-Wan: Strong, is Vader. Mind what you have learned. Save you, it can!
Luke: I will! And I'll return. I promise!
Yoda: Told you I did. Reckless, is he. Now... matters are worse.
Obi-Wan: That boy is our last hope.
Yoda: No. There is another.
Han Solo: Get out of here, Lando.
Lando: Shut up and listen. Vader has agreed that turn Leia and Chewie over to me.
Han Solo: Over to you?
Lando: They'll have to stay here at least, they'll be safe.
Leia: What about Han?
Lando: Vader's giving him to the bounty hunter.
Leia: Vader wants us all dead.
Lando: No, he doesn't want you at all. He's after somebody called, uh... Skywalker.
Han Solo: Luke?
Lando: Lord Vader has set a trap for him.
Leia: And we're the bait.
Lando: Yeah? Well, he's on his way.
Han Solo: Perfect. You fixed us all real good, didn't you? My friend?
Lando: Stop! I've done all I care. I'm sorry I couldn't do better, but I got my own problems. I've already stuck my neck out farther than I should.
Han Solo: Yeah... You're a real hero.
Captain Needa: And that, Lord Vader, was the last time they appeared in any of our scopes. Considering the amount of damage we've sustained, they must've been destroyed.
Darth Vader: No, Captain. They're alive. I want every ship available to sweep the asteroid field until they are found.
Admiral Piett: Lord Vader.
Darth Vader: Yes, Admiral, what is it?
Admiral Piett: The Emperor commands you to make contact with him.
Darth Vader: Move the ship out of the asteroid field so that we can send a clear transmission.
Admiral Piett: Yes, my Lord.
Darth Vader: What is thy bidding, my master?
Emperor Palpatine: There is a great disturbance in the Force.
Darth Vader: I have felt it.
Emperor Palpatine: We have a new enemy. The young rebel who destroyed the Death Star. I have no doubt this boy is the offspring of Anakin Skywalker.
Darth Vader: How is that possible?
Emperor Palpatine: Search your feelings, Lord Vader. You will know it to be true. He could destroy us.
Darth Vader: He's just a boy. Obi-Wan can no longer help him.
Emperor Palpatine: The Force is strong with him. The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi.
Darth Vader: If he could be turned, he would become a powerful ally.
Emperor Palpatine: Yes. He would be a great asset. Can it be done?
Darth Vader: He will join us, or die, my master.
C-3PO: Oh, no! No, no, no! Stop, Chewbacca! Stop!
Han Solo: No! Chewie, stop! You're gonna get us all killed! Chewie, stop!
C-3PO: Oh, yes! Stop, please! I am not ready to die!
Han Solo: Hey, hey! Listen to me, Chewie! Chewie, this won't help me! Hey! Save your strength. There'll be another time. The Princess. You have to take care of her. You hear me? Huh?
Princess Leia: I love you.
Han Solo: I know.
General Rieekan: Send Rogues Ten and Eleven to Station 3-8.
Luke: This is it.
Yoda: Put away your weapon! I mean you no harm!
Luke: Who are you?
Yoda: I was just wondering... Why are you here?
Luke: I'm looking for someone.
Yoda: *Looking?* Been looking at someone, you have! Mmmm.
Han Solo: Get out of here, Lando.
Lando: Shut up and listen. Now Vader has agreed to turn Leia and Chewie over to me.
Han Solo: Over to you?
Lando: They'll have to stay here, but at least they'll be safe.
Princess Leia: What about Han?
Lando: Vader's giving him to the bounty hunter.
Princess Leia: Vader wants us all dead.
Lando: No, he doesn't want you at all! He's after somebody called, uh... Skywalker.
Han Solo: Luke?
Lando: Lord Vader has set a trap for him.
Princess Leia: And we're the bait.
Lando: Yeah? Well, he's on his way.
Han Solo: Perfect. You fixed us all real good, didn't you? My friend!
Lando: Stop! I've done all I can. I'm sorry I couldn't do better, but I've got my own problems. I've already stuck my neck out farther than I should.
Han Solo: Yeah. You're a real hero.
Princess Leia: You certainly have a way with people.
Yoda: Mine! Or I'll help you not.
Luke: I don't want your help. I want my lamp back. I need it to get out of this slimy mudhole.
Yoda: Mudhole? Slimy? MY home, is this!
Yoda: Wha?
Luke: R2, let him have it.
Yoda: Mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!
Luke: *R2!*
Darth Vader: There is no escape. Don't make me destroy you.
Darth Vader: Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy.
Luke: I'll never join you!
Darth Vader: If you only knew the power of the Dark Side. Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father.
Luke: He told me enough! He told me *you* killed him!
Darth Vader: No. *I* am your father.
Luke: No. No. That's not true. That's impossible!
Darth Vader: Search your feelings, you *know* it to be true!
Luke: No! No!     