
Kyoami: Man is born crying. When he has cried enough, he dies.
Kyoami: In a mad world only the mad are sane.
Kyoami: Are there no gods... no Buddha? If you exist, hear me. You are mischievous and cruel! Are you so bored up there you must crush us like ants? Is it such fun to see men weep?
Tango: Enough! Do not blaspheme! It is the gods who weep. They see us killing each other over and over since time began. They can't save us from ourselves.
Hidetora: I am lost...
Kyoami: Such is the human condition.
Kyoami: Why stay with this mad old man? If the rock you stay on starts to roll, jump clean. Or you'll go with it and be squashed. Only a fool stays aboard.
Kyoami: A serpent's egg is white and pure. A bird's is speckled and soiled.
Hidetora: This is a castle... Here's a wall.
Kyoami: The bird left the speckled egg for the white.
Hidetora: Strange...
Kyoami: The egg cracks; out comes a snake.
Hidetora: Empty space above the wall. Why?
Kyoami: The bird is gobbled by the snake.
Hidetora: Where am I? Who am I?
Kyoami: Stupid bird!
Tango: Men prefer sorrow over joy... suffering over peace!
Saburo Naotora Ichimonji: Does a traitor betray himself?
Kurogane: Saburo is not our only enemy.
Jiro: So what? If they attack, we retaliate. We grab their land and enlarge our own.
Kurogane: Fine words, but words don't win wars.
Hidetora: What madness have I spoken? Wherein lies my senility?
Saburo Naotora Ichimonji: I'll tell you. What kind of world do we live in? One barren of loyalty and feeling.
Hidetora: I'm aware of that.
Saburo Naotora Ichimonji: So you should be! You spilled an ocean of blood. You showed no mercy, no pity. We too are children of this age... weaned on strife and chaos. We are your sons, yet you count on our fidelity. In my eyes, that makes you a fool. A senile old fool!
Hidetora: The Great Lord goes nowhere alone.
Jiro: You renounced your power. You have no need of an escort.
Hidetora: Only the birds and the beasts live in solitude.
Kyoami: The failed mind sees the heart's failings...
Hidetora: Where are we?
Kyoami: We're in paradise!
Hidetora: Are you a son?
Taro Takatora Ichimonji: What do you mean?
Hidetora: Is this a son's attitude? The hen pecks the cock and makes him a crow.     