
Sydney Schanberg: You forgive me?
Dith Pran: Nothing to forgive, Sydney. Nothing.
Dith Pran: The wind whispers of fear and hate. The war has killed love. And those that confess to the Angka are punished, and no one dare ask where they go. Here, only the silent survive.
Jon Swain: If the going gets rough, I heard our best bet's the French embassy.
Sydney Schanberg: Who told you that?
Jon Swain: The British embassy.
Al Rockoff: It bothers me that you let Pran stay in Cambodia because you wanted to win that fucking award and you knew you needed him!
Sydney Schanberg: I had no idea that...
Al Rockoff: The fuck you didn't! The fuck you didn't!
Dith Pran: We must be like the ox, and have no thought, except for the Party. And have no love, but for the Angka. People starve, but we must not grow food. We must honor the comrade children, whose minds are not corrupted by the past.
Jon Swain: Where do they get this crap?
Al Rockoff: That guy across the gate there. The little guy. Could we all not look at once, please? I have it on reliable sources that that's none other than Hugh Elder.
Jon Swain: You're kidding...
Al Rockoff: He's disguised, but I got a little suspicious about it, you know what I mean?
Dith Pran: How does he get his copy out?
Al Rockoff: How does he get his copy out? Specially trained hens. Yeah, the BBC has commissioned them to walk past the Khmer Rouge like they're regular fowl, and then they've been crossing the border into Thailand every day and every night.
Morgan: For chrissakes, Sydney, why didn't you get him out then you had the chance? You had no right to keep him here! Funny sense of priorities.
Dith Pran: I'm a reporter too, Morgan! I know his heart. I love him like my brother, and I'd do anything for him! Anything!
Jon Swain: Look, excuse the pun, but we're either staying - or we're living.
Sydney Schanberg: If anybody ever gets to read about this, you won't be able to look them in the face!
Sydney Schanberg: Cambodia. To many westerners it seemed a paradise. Another world, a secret world. But the war in neighboring Vietnam burst its borders, and the fighting soon spread to neutral Cambodia. In 1973 I went to cover this side-show struggle as a foreign correspondent of the New York Times. It was there, in the war-torn country side amidst the fighting between government troops and the Khmer Rouge guerrillas, that I met my guide and interpreter, Dith Pran, a man who was to change my life in a country I grew to love and pity.
Dith Pran: They tell us that God is dead. And now the Party, they call the Angka, will provide everything for us. He says, Angka has identified and proclaims that the existence of a bad new disease, a memory sickness like those that think too much about life in pre-revolutionary Cambodia. He says, we are surrounded by enemies. The enemy is inside us. No one can be trusted.
Dith Pran: We must be like the ox and have no thought, except for the Party. No laugh, but for the Uncle. People starve, but we must not grow food. We must honor the comrade children, whose minds are not corrupted by the past.
Military Attache: That's a rumor, Schanberg, and I'm not gonna comment on a rumor.
K.R. Cadre-First Village: Mercades... Number 1.
Sydney Schanberg: They brought in the whole fucking press corps! They want to sanitize the story? Bastards!
Al Rockoff: I can't eat eggs, someone told me they shrink with fright when you cook them.
Dith Pran: ... He said there's no piss, Sydney.
Sydney Schanberg: What do you mean, "no piss"?
Dith Pran: It means there's NO PISS, Sydney.
U.S. Consul: This thing has dragged on too long for it to end in all sweetness and light and after what the Khmer Rouge have been through I don't think they're going to be exactly affectionate toward westerners.
Military Attache: Schanberg, you came on a boat you go back on a boat!
Sydney Schanberg: That won't stop my story!
Sydney Schanberg: I got a story to get to New York!
Dith Pran: Don't leave me!
Sydney Schanberg: I won't leave you.
radio announcer: President Ford, in his foreign policy speech, hardly referred to Cambodia... except to say that, as of now, it may be too late.
Al Rockoff: I don't like the look of this! I was in Keng Kang this morning, practically got my ass shot off! I just don't think these guys are for real!
Dr. MacEntire: Why do corpses have to pile up before people decide it's time to go home?
Sydney Schanberg: Dith Pran! P-R-A-N. He disappeared in Phnom Penh in 1975. Pran is his first name. Any information you can give... well, we're hoping for any information at all! He was last seen in '75.
Sydney Schanberg: Is your mother there?... When?... Alright, I want you to get this down... no, write it down! Write it down...
Sydney Schanberg: I've got a message from your dad!
Phat (K.R. Leader 2nd Village): You know... I love this country.
Phat (K.R. Leader 2nd Village): We must try to stop the killing...
Dith Pran: "Sidney! No more fighting! No more war!"
radio announcer: So here we go with Voice of America. News for Southeast Asia. It's 6:45 and a partly cloudy morning here. Clouds too in Washington. President Nixon has announced that he will address the nation on the Water Gate case within the next few days. The speech will be Mr. Nixon's first comments since May on the scandal which has resulted in resignations and nearly paralyzed the White House staff. It has also led to a tense confrontation, and perhaps a constitutional crises, with Senate investigators and the special Water Gate prosecutor. His speech was announced after the Gallop Poll disclosed that Mr. Nixon's popularity had fallen to the lowest point for an American president in 20 years...
Military Attache: Well, up the Cooper-Church Amendment's ass!
Military Attache: Where ya goin', Schanberg?
Al Rockoff: Pran's not gonna last five minutes out there! The Khmer Rouge have killed every fuckin' journalist they've ever caught! Now does Syd know how serious this is!
Jon Swain: Of COURSE he bloody knows!
Al Rockoff: Anything I eat's gotta be absolutely dead. That is why I can never eat an oyster. I read somewhere that they put that lemon juice on them just to stun them. What's the difference?     