
Paul Hackett: I'll probably get blamed for that.
Pepe: The art sure is ugly, man.
Neil: That's how much you know, man. You know, the uglier the art, the more it's worth.
Pepe: This must be worth a fortune, man.
Pepe: That's right. It's by that famous guy Segal.
Neil: Yeah?
Neil: Yeah, you see him, he's on the Carson show, man. Plays the banjo all the time.
Pepe: I never watch Carson.
Neil: Yeah? Well, that's how much you know about art.
Marcy: My husband was a movie freak. Actually, he was particularly obsessed with one movie, "The Wizard of Oz." He talked about it constantly. I thought it was cute at first. On our wedding night, I was a virgin. When we made love - you've seen the movie, haven't you?
Paul Hackett: "The Wizard of Oz"? Yeah, I've seen it.
Marcy: Well, when we made love, whenever he - you know, when he came, he would just - scream out, "Surrender Dorothy!" That's all! Just "Surrender Dorothy!"
Paul Hackett: Wow.
Marcy: I know. Instead of moaning or saying, "Oh, God" or something normal like that. I mean, it was pretty creepy! And I told him I thought so, but he just, he just couldn't stop, he just, he just couldn't stop, he just... couldn't stop.
Paul Hackett: Couldn't you just give me one token, please?
Subway Attendant: I can't do that. I may lose my job.
Paul Hackett: Well, who would know... exactly?
Subway Attendant: I could go to a party, get drunk, talk to someone... who knows?
Paul Hackett: So, how 'bout that joint?
Marcy: Yeah. Good idea.
Paul Hackett: What type of pot is this?
Marcy: It's Colombian.
Paul Hackett: That's a lie.
Marcy: What?
Paul Hackett: This isn't Colombian. I don't even think it's pot.
Marcy: That's what the guy who sold it to me said it was.
Paul Hackett: Well, the guy who sold it to you is a liar. So are you. That's shit.
Marcy: Don't get upset, I just won't buy it from him anymore.
Paul Hackett: That's horse shit.
Marcy: Are you alright?
Paul Hackett: Where are those Plaster of Paris paperweights, anyway? I mean, that's what I came down here for in the first place. Well, that's not entirely true, I came to see you, but where are the paperweights? That's what I wanna see now!
Marcy: What's the matter?
Paul Hackett: I said I wanna see a Plaster of Paris bagel and cream cheese paperweight, now cough it up.
Marcy: Right now?
Paul Hackett: Yes, right now!
Marcy: They're in Kiki's bedroom.
Paul Hackett: Then get 'em, cause as we sit here chatting, there are important papers flying rampant around my apartment cause I don't have *anything* to hold them down with!
Marcy: Fine.
Street Pickup: Why don't you just go home?
Paul Hackett: Pal, I've been asking myself that all night.
Horst: That was rude of you, before, Paul. You really ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Paul Hackett: I don't know what could have come over me.
Horst: Lack of discipline.
Paul Hackett: Possibly.
Paul Hackett: What do you want from me? What have I done? I'm just a word processor, for Christ sake!
June: Why are you doing this?
Paul Hackett: What?
June: You flirt with me. You share your cigarette with me. You dance with me. You're nice to me. Why are doing this?
Paul Hackett: I want - to live.
Club Berlin Bartender: Okay, sorry folks, we're closin' up.
Paul Hackett: I just...
Club Berlin Bartender: Time to go home.
Paul Hackett: Want to live. Live.
June: Come downstairs with me, Paul. Come on.
Computer screen: Good morning, Paul
Club Berlin Bouncer: Got any money?
Paul Hackett: Yes I got money. Is that what this is all about, you want money? Why didn't you ask for that in the first place man. Here, it's all I got.
Club Berlin Bouncer: I'll take your money 'cos I don't want you to feel you left anything untried. Now, you keep the quarter...
Club Berlin Bouncer: ...but you still have to wait a few minutes.
Paul Hackett: You have a great body.
Kiki: Yes. Not a lot of scars.
Julie: Do you like The Monkees?
Paul Hackett: What's your name?
Julie: Julie.
Paul Hackett: I'm Paul.
Julie: Rough night, huh, Paul?
Paul Hackett: Could we have the check?
Coffee Shop Cashier: It's on the house.
Paul Hackett: Really?
Coffee Shop Cashier: Sure. What the hell. Different rules apply when it get's this late. You know what I mean? It's like after hours.
Tom the Bartender: How about a drink? You look like you could use one.
Paul Hackett: You don't happen to have any powerful aphrodisiacs back there, do you?
Tom the Bartender: She won't put out, huh?
Paul Hackett: No, it's not for her. It's for me. I seem to have gotten myself involved with one of your cocktail waitresses.
Tom the Bartender: Miss Bee Hive 1965.
Paul Hackett: Yes. Don't even ask me how.
Tom the Bartender: So, take off. What's she gonna do? Kill herself?
Paul Hackett: Which way you headed?
Marcy: Downtown, SoHo.
Paul Hackett: Oh, nice... nice. A loft?
Marcy: Yeah, she's a sculptress. Lately she's been making these Plaster of Paris bagel and cream cheeses.
Paul Hackett: Really...
Marcy: She's tryin to sell 'em as paperweights. You wanna buy one?
Paul Hackett: Paperweights?... uh, yeah I would. How much are they?
Marcy: I don't know. Well, if you think you might be interested, her number is 243-3460.
Paul Hackett: 243-3460.
Marcy: Her name's Kiki Bridges.
Paul Hackett: Kiki Bridges, okay.
Marcy: Nice talkin' to ya.
Paul Hackett: Yeah, great talkin' to you.
Paul Hackett: Is Marcy here?
Kiki: She had to go to the all-night drugstore.
Paul Hackett: Is she all right?
Kiki: It's under control.
Paul Hackett: Why don't you just tell me what's wrong?
Marcy: I was raped once. As a matter of fact it happened right here in this very room. I lived here once. He came in through there off the fire escape. He held a knife to my throat and said if I made any noise, he'd cut my tongue out. He tied me to the bed... he took his time... six hours.
Paul Hackett: My god... Was he, uh... did they get this guy?
Marcy: No. Actually it was a boyfriend of mine. To tell you the truth, I slept through most of it. So... there you are.
Paul Hackett: Wow, I'm sorry. I guess I'm really puttin' you through the mill tonight, huh?
Marcy: It's okay, I'm used to it.
Julie: Hey Paul, do you like my hairdo?
Paul Hackett: Yes... yes, I do.
Julie: Then why don't you touch it?
Paul Hackett: Alright, punch. Punch it in.
Lloyd: Right.
Paul Hackett: Okay, let's, first of all, refresh the screen here. Alright, and go into "format ruler".
Paul Hackett: There.
Lloyd: All right. Now, file?
Paul Hackett: Right.
Lloyd: Right?
Lloyd: And it's in memory?
Paul Hackett: Right. And?
Paul Hackett: Mark this down in the prefix...
Lloyd: Right.
Paul Hackett: ...file codes.
Lloyd: Prefix code. Right, right, right.
Paul Hackett: Good. Yeah, you got it. Another week, you'll have it down.
Paul Hackett: I like that.
Kiki: Do you?
Paul Hackett: Yeah. Very much. It reminds me of that Edvard Munch painting. Was it the, eh, "The Shriek".
Kiki: "The Scream".
Paul Hackett: "The Scream," right.
Paul Hackett: Greg called.
Marcy: Oh, how'd that little faggot find out I was staying here tonight? He probably wants to whine to me about his latest boyfriend.
Paul Hackett: Friends like that are hard to deal with sometimes.
Marcy: Well, that's what friends are for!
Paul Hackett: Can I ask you something? I've wanted to ask you this all night. Who's Franklin?
Marcy: Franklin? Franklin is my husband.
Paul Hackett: Really? Is that - his loft, then?
Marcy: He owns it yes.
Paul Hackett: Well, do you live with him?
Marcy: No, he's in Turkey. Look, I stayed with my husband for three days. I was very young when I got married.
Marcy: I love that book. I love that book.
Paul Hackett: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think Miller is really great.
Marcy: This is not a book. This is a prolonged insult. A gob of spit in the face of art. A kick in the pants to truth, beauty, God... Something like that.
Paul Hackett: That's very good.
Marcy: Now, that's all I remember.
Paul Hackett: I've read this before. I know, I mean, I know, I was just rereading it. I don't reread books that often; but, I don't know, this one's my favorite. I like it better than "Capricorn" or "Plexus" or "Sexus".
Kiki: You do that all day and your own shoulders get pretty sore.
Paul Hackett: You want a massage?
Kiki: You read my mind. Would you?
Paul Hackett: Sure. I'm not too good at this. I just know a few basic moves.
Kiki: Just make it hurt and you're on the right track.
Marcy: I hope you don't have to get up early tomorrow morning or anything.
Paul Hackett: No. No, I don't.
Marcy: Because I think you're somebody I can really talk to. And tonight I feel like - I feel like I'm gonna let loose or something. I feel like - I feel like something incredible is really gonna happen here!
Marcy: I feel soooo excited. I don't know why? I feel it.
Marcy: I'm glad you came.
Paul Hackett: Would you just give me a break? I really just want to go home.
Subway Attendant: I'm sorry. I can't do that. I could lose my job.
Paul Hackett: Well, who would - who would know exactly?
Subway Attendant: I could go to a party, get drunk, talk to someone, who knows?
Paul Hackett: Would you just give me a god damn token!
Subway Attendant: No, god damn it! I cannot give you a token. Those tokens are a dollar and a half. I can't sell them for 97 cents. We lose money that way.
Paul Hackett: Alright, there's a train! There's a train! Come on, give me a token! Come on!
Paul Hackett: Now what? Incredible. Where the hell is he?
Julie: You know, I live across the street. Would you like a TV dinner?
Julie: Look, I had trouble figuring out the tax on checks. So what! I mean, eight per cent is a bitch! So, I make a few mistakes! So, I make a few mistakes! So, sue me!
Tom the Bartender: Marcy? Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy!-Marcy! - - Marcy!
Paul Hackett: I don't know what to say. I just, I don't know what to say.
Biker #1: What can you say? After all, it wasn't your fault.
Julie: I'm gonna give you a present.
Paul Hackett: Don't do that. That's really not necessary at all. I mean, I've only known you for, what, an hour.
Julie: No, no, no. You said that you were gonna come back and you did. In these days, that is something to be commended and rewarded. Do you know what this is?
Paul Hackett: No.
Julie: This is a Plaster of Paris bagel and cream cheese paperweight. I bought it from a local artist, Kiki Bridges. Did you ever hear of her?
Pepe: Hey, let's knock off for today. Okay? My back's killin' me.
Neil: Oh, come on, let's go find my statue, man. It's got to be around here someplace. That makes me sick. You know, that statue is the first thing in my life that I ever bought! See what happens when you pay for stuff! Somebody rips it off.
Paul Hackett: Why doesn't he have to wait a few minutes?
Club Berlin Bouncer: Tonight is mohawk night. If you had a mohawk, you could go in.
Paul Hackett: Oh, come on! We're both adults! Why don't you just let me in?
Club Berlin Bouncer: Do you really want to go inside?
Paul Hackett: You wouldn't believe what I've been through tonight. You just, wouldn't believe it.
Gail: Oh, I'm a ice cream vendor - Mr. Softee.
Paul Hackett: What? I - you misunderstood me. I didn't ask what you did for a living. I said, you wouldn't believe what I've been through tonight.
Gail: It's not boring. And I have my own Mr. Softee truck. It's not - it's not boring.
Paul Hackett: I have had a terrible, terrible night. Do you understand?
Gail: I'm just trying to entertain you.
Paul Hackett: I don't want any entertainment! And, I'm sorry I did that. I'm sorry. I am under - oh God, I - I'm unable to get home tonight, you know. I can't get home.
Paul Hackett: Excuse me. Could you - it's okay - could you help me? Please help me.
Street Pickup: What do you want me to do?
Paul Hackett: Where do you live? Can you take me - can you take me home?
Street Pickup: There's certain things that I - I - I will not do. I'm telling you in advance.
Street Pickup: I really have to tell you something before we start. I have never done this with a man before and I am a little bit nervous.
Paul Hackett: Can I - can I use your telephone?
Paul Hackett: I'm not a thief. I'm not a thief! Right? I'm not a thief.
Paul Hackett: I'm having a really - really bad night.
Club Berlin Bartender: I'm sorry to bother you but there's some people up here that want to look around your place. Something about a robbery or something.
June: Well, I'm working! Can't you see I'm working?
Club Berlin Bartender: I know, I'm sorry.
Gail: Tough titties!
Neil: What do you know man? A stereo's a stereo. Art is forever!     