
Philippe: My true disability is not having to be in a wheel chair. It's having to be without her.
Driss: Where do you find a paraplegic?
Philippe: I don't know.
Driss: Where you leave him.
Philippe: Tell me Driss, why do you think people are interested in art?
Driss: I don't know, it's a business?
Philippe: No. That's because it's the only thing one leaves behind
Philippe: Oh, it's awful.
Philippe: I look like my grandpa.
Driss: Okay. Let me shave the rest off.
Philippe: No, come on.
Driss: That's not funny, no?
Philippe: Don't you mean "nein"?
Driss: 100 euros says I can lose them.
Philippe: You're on.
Driss: Oh I know this one. Everyone know it. Of course.
Driss: You have reached the Paris unemployment agency. All our lines are currently busy. The estimated waiting time is two years.
Driss: We listened to your classics. Now it's time to listen to mine.
Driss: I'm not going in there, even you! I'm not gonna lead you in the back like a horse.
Philippe: Hope well and have well.
Driss: So if you have red ears, it means you're turned on?
Philippe: That's it. Sometimes I even wake up with hard lobes.
Driss: Both of them?
Driss: Guys from the north drink so much, they're all beating their ladies. She'll see there's no risk with you.
Driss: Isn't it Tom and Jerry?
Philippe: Tom and Jerry. What a rascal. Help.
Driss: She got the hots for me.
Driss: It's not about being ready. I do not do that. I don't empty a stranger's butt. I don't even empty a friend's butt. I usually don't empty butts. It's a matter of principles.
Driss: Can't the motivation sign for you?
Philippe: No no no, Magalie can't do that.
Driss: It's a shame. She could have dropped in her number as well.
Driss: What a seducer! He's epistoling like a boss.
Driss: Outta the way.
Philippe: A quick cut would settle it.
Driss: You're in great shape. I love it.
Philippe: What's the matter, you're dealing with the stockings, you have a cute little earring, I think it's coherent.
Driss: Easy on the sass, alright.
Elisa: Leave me alone.     