
Flynn Rider: All right, Blondie.
Rapunzel: Rapunzel.
Flynn Rider: Gesundheit.
Rapunzel: I've been looking out of a window for eighteen years, dreaming about what I might feel like when those lights rise in the sky. What if it's not everything I dreamed it would be?
Flynn Rider: It will be.
Rapunzel: And what if it is? What do I do then?
Flynn Rider: Well, that's the good part I guess. You get to go find a new dream.
Rapunzel: I can't believe I did this!
Rapunzel: I can't believe I did this.
Rapunzel: I CAN'T BELIEVE I DID THIS!
Rapunzel: ... Mother would be so furious.
Rapunzel: Well, that's okay! I mean, what she doesn't know won't kill her, right?
Rapunzel: Oh, my gosh... This would kill her!
Rapunzel: THIS IS SOOO FUUUUUN!
Rapunzel: ... I am a horrible daughter. I'm going back.
Rapunzel: I am NEVER going back! Woo-hoo!
Rapunzel: I am a despicable human being!
Rapunzel: WOO-HOOO! BEST DAY EVER!
Rapunzel: Flower gleam and glow. Let your powers shine. Make the clock reverse. Bring back what once was mine. Heal what has been hurt. Change the fates' design. Save what has been lost. Bring back what once was mine, What once was mine...
Rapunzel: Who are you, and how did you find me?
Flynn Rider: I know not who you are, nor how I came to find you, but may I just say... Hi. How ya doin'?
Rapunzel: We made it.
Flynn Rider: Her hair glows!
Rapunzel: We're alive. We're alive!
Flynn Rider: I didn't see that coming.
Rapunzel: Eugene.
Flynn Rider: The hair actually glows.
Rapunzel: Eugene.
Flynn Rider: Why does her hair glow!
Rapunzel: Eugene!
Flynn Rider: What?
Rapunzel: It doesn't *just* glow.
Flynn Rider: Why is he smiling at me?
Flynn Rider: Rapunzel?
Rapunzel: Eugene!
Flynn Rider: Did I ever tell you I've got a thing for brunettes?
Flynn Rider: Oh... oh no... where is my satchel?
Rapunzel: I've hidden it. Somewhere you'll never find it.
Flynn Rider: It's in that pot, isn't it?
Flynn Rider: Will you stop that?
Rapunzel: *Now* it's hidden where you'll never find it.
Hook Hand Thug: Go. Live your dream.
Flynn Rider: I will.
Hook Hand Thug: Your dream stinks. I was talking to her.
Mother Gothel: Rapunzel, look in that mirror. Do you know what I see? I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady.
Mother Gothel: Oh look, you're here too!
Rapunzel: Who's that?
Flynn Rider: They don't like me.
Rapunzel: Who's that?
Flynn Rider: They don't like me either.
Rapunzel: Who's that?
Flynn Rider: Let's just assume for the moment that everyone in here doesn't like me!
Flynn Rider: Frying pans... who knew, right?
Flynn Rider: But I know what the big question is. Did Rapunzel and I ever get married? Well, I am happy to say after years and years of asking, I finally said yes.
Rapunzel: Eugene!
Flynn Rider: Okay, okay. I asked her.
Rapunzel: And we're living happily ever after!
Flynn Rider: Yes, we are.
Thug: That's a lot of hair.
Flynn Rider: She's growing it out.
Rapunzel: Something brought you here, Flynn Rider. Call it what you will, fate, destiny...
Flynn Rider: A horse.
Rapunzel: ...so I have made the decision to trust you.
Flynn Rider: A horrible decision really.
Rapunzel: But trust me when I say this.
Rapunzel: You can tear this tower apart brick by brick, but without my help, you will never find your precious satchel.
Flynn Rider: You smell that? Take a deep breath through the nose.
Flynn Rider: Really let that seep in. What are you getting? Because to me, that's part man-smell, and the other part is really bad man-smell. I don't know why, but overall it just smells like the color brown. Your thoughts?
Flynn Rider: Let me just get this straight, I take you to see the lanterns, bring you back home, and you'll give me back my satchel?
Rapunzel: I promise.
Rapunzel: And when I promise something, I never ever break that promise.
Rapunzel: EVER!
Flynn Rider: All right, listen! I didn't want to have to do this, but you leave me no choice. Here comes the smolder.
Flynn Rider: This is kind of an off-day for me. This doesn't normally happen.
Flynn Rider: Fine! I'll take you to see the lanterns.
Rapunzel: Really?
Rapunzel: Oops.
Flynn Rider: You broke my smolder.
Rapunzel: Is it ruffians? Thugs? Have they come for me?
Flynn Rider: Stay calm. It can probably smell fear.
Flynn Rider: You should know that this is the strangest thing I've ever done!
Flynn Rider: ... How 'bout best two out of three?
Flynn Rider: No... no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is bad, this is very very bad, this is really bad... They just can't get my nose right!
Stabbington Brother: Who cares?
Flynn Rider: Well, it's easy for you to say...
Flynn Rider: ... You guys look amazing.
Flynn Rider: I could get used to a view like this. Yep, I'm used to it. Guys, I want a castle.
Rapunzel: So Mother, earlier I was saying tomorrow is a really big day, and you didn't really respond, so I'm just gonna tell you: IT'S MY BIRTHDAY! Tada!
Mother Gothel: No no no, can't be. I distinctly remember, your birthday was last year.
Rapunzel: That's the funny thing about birthdays, they're kind of an annual thing.
Rapunzel: Too weak to handle myself out there, huh, Mother?
Rapunzel: Well...
Rapunzel: ...tell that to my frying pa...
Hook Hand Thug: Head down.
Flynn Rider: Head down.
Hook Hand Thug: Arms in.
Flynn Rider: Arms in.
Hook Hand Thug: Knees apart.
Flynn Rider: Knees apart... Knees apart?
Flynn Rider: You were my new dream.
Rapunzel: And you were mine.
Rapunzel: So, what do you want with my hair? To cut it?
Flynn Rider: What?
Rapunzel: Sell it?
Flynn Rider: No! Listen, the only thing I want to do with your hair is to get out of it... lit-er-a-lly!
Flynn Rider: Is that blood in your mustache?
Flynn Rider: Goldie, look at this! Look at all the blood in his mustache! Good sir, that's a lot of blood!
Flynn Rider: The party lasted an entire week, and honestly, I don't remember most of it.
Rapunzel: Flynn Rider: You know, I can't help but notice you seem a little at war with yourself here.
Rapunzel: What?
Flynn Rider: Now, I'm only picking up bits and pieces here, of course. Overprotective mother, forbidden road trip. I mean, this is serious stuff. But let me ease your conscience. This is part of growing up. A little rebellion, a little adventure, that's good. Healthy, even.
Rapunzel: You think?
Flynn Rider: I know. You're way over thinking this, trust me. Does your mother deserve it? No. Would this break her heart and crush her soul? Of course. But you've just got to do it.
Rapunzel: Break her heart?
Flynn Rider: In half.
Rapunzel: Crush her soul?
Flynn Rider: Like a grape.
Rapunzel: She would be heartbroken. You're right.
Flynn Rider: I am, aren't I? Oh, bother.
Flynn Rider: All right. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm letting you out of the deal.
Rapunzel: What?
Flynn Rider: That's right, but don't thank me. Let's turn around and get you home. Here's your pan, here's your frog.
Flynn Rider: I get back my satchel and you get back a mother-daughter relationship based on mutual trust, and violà, we part ways as unlikely friends.
Rapunzel: No. I am seeing those lanterns.
Flynn Rider: Oh, come on! What is it going to take for me to get my satchel back?
Rapunzel: I will use this.
Flynn Rider: This is the story of how I died. Don't worry, this is actually a very fun story and the truth is, it isn't even mine. This is the story of a girl named Rapunzel.
Vlad: Is this you?
Flynn Rider: Oh, now they're just being mean.
Mother Gothel: Rapunzel! Let down your hair!
Rapunzel: One moment, Mother!
Mother Gothel: I have a big surprise!
Rapunzel: Uh... I do too!
Mother Gothel: Ooh, I'll bet my surprise is bigger!
Rapunzel: I seriously doubt it.
Flynn Rider: Ha! You should see your faces because you look -
Flynn Rider: ... ridiculous.
Flynn Rider: Hey, Max!
Flynn Rider: What? I bought them!
Flynn Rider: ... *most* of them!
Flynn Rider: So! Hey, can I ask you something? Is there any chance that I'm going to get super strength in my hand? Because I'm not gonna lie, that would be stupendous... Hey, you alright?
Rapunzel: Oh. Sorry, yes, just... lost in thought I guess.
Flynn Rider: I mean because here's the thing. Superhuman good looks, I've always had them. Born with it. But superhuman strength, can you imagine the possibilities of this?
Rapunzel: I met someone.
Mother Gothel: Yes. The wanted thief, I'm so proud.
Mother Gothel: Enough with the lights, Rapunzel! YOU are not leaving this tower! EVER!
Mother Gothel: Great. Now I'M the bad guy.
Mother Gothel: Rapunzel, please, stop with the mumbling. You know how I feel about the mumbling. Blah blah blah blah blah, it's very annoying! I'm just teasing, you're adorable. I love you so much, darling.
Rapunzel: Hi. Welcome home, Mother.
Mother Gothel: Oh! Rapunzel! How you manage to do that every single day without fail! It looks absolutely exhausting, darling!
Rapunzel: Oh, it's nothing.
Mother Gothel: Then I don't know why it takes so long.
Mother Gothel: Skip the drama, stay with Mama!
Rapunzel: Please don't freak out!
Flynn Rider: I'm not freaking out. Are you freaking out? No, I'm just very interested in your hair and the magical qualities that it possesses. How long has it been doing that, exactly?
Rapunzel: Uh, forever, I guess. Mother says when I was a baby, people tried to cut it. They wanted to take it for themselves. But once it's cut, it turns brown and loses its power.
Rapunzel: A gift like that, it has to be protected. That's why Mother never let me... that's why I never left, and...
Flynn Rider: You never left that tower. And you're still gonna go back?
Rapunzel: No! Yes. Ugh. It's complicated. So, Eugene Fitzherbert, huh?
Flynn Rider: Yeah, well, I'll spare you the sob story of poor orphan Eugene Fitzherbert. It's a little bit of a... It's a little bit of a downer.
Flynn Rider: Huh. There was this book. A book I used to read every night to all the younger kids, "The Tales of Flynnagan Rider." Swashbuckling rogue, richest man alive, not bad with the ladies, either. Not that he'd ever brag about it, of course.
Rapunzel: Hmm. Was he a thief, too?
Flynn Rider: Well, no. Actually he had enough money to do anything that he wanted to do. He could go anywhere that he wanted to go. And - and for a kid with nothing, I don't know. It just seemed like the better option. You can't tell anyone about this, okay? It could ruin my whole reputation.
Rapunzel: Ah. We wouldn't want that.
Flynn Rider: Well, a fake reputation is all a man has. Um, well, I should, um... I - I should get some more firewood.
Rapunzel: Hey. For the record, I like Eugene Fitzherbert much better than Flynn Rider.
Flynn Rider: Well, then you'd be the first. But thank you.
Rapunzel: I have something for you too.
Rapunzel: I should have given it to you before, but I was scared. And the thing is, I'm not scared anymore. You know what I mean?
Flynn Rider: I'm starting to.
Flynn Rider: So! You're being strangely cryptic as you wrap your magic hair around my injured hand.
Rapunzel: Sorry! Just, don't... don't freak out.
Flynn Rider: Mother Gothel: Mother knows best./Take it from your mumsy./On your own you won't survive./Sloppy, underdressed,/Immature, clumsy,/Please!/They'll eat you up alive!
Rapunzel: I could go running/ and racing/ and dancing/ and chasing/ and leaping/ and bounding/ hair flying/ heart pounding/ and splashing/ and reeling/ and finally feeling/ now's when my life begins!
Rapunzel: I think he likes me.
Mother Gothel: Likes you? Please, Rapunzel, that's demented!
Rapunzel: But Mother, I...
Mother Gothel: This is why you never should have left!/Dear, this whole romance that you've invented / Just proves you're too naive to be here./Why would he like you? Come on now, really./Look at you! You think that he's impressed?/Don't be a dummy, come with mummy./Mother...
Rapunzel: No!
Mother Gothel: No? Oh. I see how it is. Rapunzel knows best; Rapunzel's so mature now./Such a clever grown-up miss./Rapunzel knows best. Fine, if you're so sure now,/Go ahead and give him this, huh?
Rapunzel: How did you...?
Mother Gothel: THIS is why he's here! Don't let him deceive you!/Give it to him, watch, you'll see!
Rapunzel: I will!
Mother Gothel: Trust me, my dear, that's how fast he'll leave you./I won't say I told you so!/No, Rapunzel knows best!/So, if he's such a dreamboat,/Go and put him to the test!
Rapunzel: Mother, wait!
Mother Gothel: If he's lying, don't come crying/Mother... knows best!
Mother Gothel: Rapunzel? Rapunzel, what's going on up there? Are you all right?
Rapunzel: I'm the lost princess.
Mother Gothel: Please speak up, Rapunzel. You know how I hate the mumbling...
Rapunzel: I am the lost princess! Aren't I?
Rapunzel: Did I mumble, Mother? Or should I even call you that?
Mother Gothel: Oh, Rapunzel, do you even hear yourself? Why would you ask such a ridiculous question?
Rapunzel: It was you! It was ALL you!
Mother Gothel: Everything I did was to protect YOU.
Mother Gothel: Rapunzel!
Rapunzel: I've spent my entire life hiding from people who would use me for my power...
Mother Gothel: Rapunzel!
Rapunzel: ...when I should have been hiding - from YOU!
Mother Gothel: Where will you go? He won't be there for you.
Rapunzel: What did you do to him?
Mother Gothel: That criminal is to be hanged for his crimes.
Rapunzel: No...
Mother Gothel: Now, now, it's all right. Listen to me. All of this is as it should be.
Rapunzel: No! You were wrong about the world. And you were wrong about ME! And I will NEVER let you use my hair again!
Mother Gothel: You want me to be the bad guy? Fine.
Mother Gothel: Now I'm the bad guy.
Flynn Rider: Well, I hope you're here to apologize.
Flynn Rider: All right, okay, give me a boost, and I'll pull you up.
Stabbington Brother: Give us the satchel first.
Flynn Rider: What? I just... I can't believe that after all we've been through together, you don't... trust me?
Flynn Rider: Ouch.
Stabbington Brother: Now help us up, pretty boy.
Flynn Rider: Sorry... my hands are full.
Flynn Rider: Well, I've gotta say, I didn't know you had that in you back there. That was pretty impressive.
Rapunzel: I know!
Rapunzel: I know. So, Flynn, where are you from?
Flynn Rider: Whoa, whoa. Sorry, blondie, I don't do backstory. However, I am becoming very interested in yours. Now, I know I'm not supposed to mention the hair.
Rapunzel: Nope.
Flynn Rider: Or the mother.
Rapunzel: Unh-unh.
Flynn Rider: Frankly, I'm too scared to ask about the frog.
Rapunzel: Chameleon.
Flynn Rider: Nuance. Here's my question, though. If you want to see the lanterns so badly, why haven't you gone before?
Rapunzel: Uh, heh, well...
Rapunzel: Uh, Flynn?
Rapunzel: Flynn?
Captain of the Guard: Rider!
Flynn Rider: Run! Run!
Mother Gothel: ... The *Plague!*
Rapunzel: No!
Mother Gothel: Yes!
Mother Gothel: I'm just teasing!
Mother Gothel: I really did try, Rapunzel. I tried to warn you what was out there. The world is dark and selfish and cruel. If it finds even the slightest ray of sunshine, it destroys it!
Rapunzel: This is all my fault. She was right. I never should've done this. I'm so, I'm so sorry, Flynn.
Flynn Rider: Eugene.
Rapunzel: What?
Flynn Rider: My real name is Eugene Fitzherbert. Someone might as well know.
Rapunzel: Hmm. I have magic hair that glows when I sing.
Flynn Rider: What?
Rapunzel: I have magic hair that glows when I sing!
Rapunzel: Flower, gleam and glow. Let your power shine.
Short Thug: I got a dream, I got some dream, I- Oh, somebody get me a glass, 'cause I just found me a tall glass of water.
Mother Gothel: Oh, stop it, you big lug.
Mother Gothel: Where does that tunnel lead out?
Short Thug: Knife!
Hook Hand Thug: What about you?
Flynn Rider: I'm sorry, me?
Big Nose Thug: What's your dream?
Flynn Rider: No, no, no. Sorry boys, I don't sing.
Flynn Rider: I have dreams like you, no really / just much less touchy-feely / They mainly happen somewhere warm and sunny / On an island that I own / Tanned and rested and alone / Surrounded by enormous piles of money.
Rapunzel: I've got a dream,
Chorus: She's got a dream,
Rapunzel: I've got a dream,
Chorus: She's got a dream,
Rapunzel: I just want to see the floating lanterns gleam / And with every passing hour / I'm so glad I left my tower / Like all you lovely folks, I've got a dream.
Chorus: She's got a dream, he's got a dream, / I've got a dream, he's got a dream / So our differences ain't really that extreme / We're one big team...
Big Nose Thug: Call us brutal,
Chorus: Say sadistic,
Big Nose Thug: And grotesquely optimistic,
Chorus: 'Cause way down deep inside, we've got a dream.
Chorus: I've got a dream, I've got a dream, I've got a dream, I've got a dream
Chorus: Yes, way down deep inside, I've got a dream!
Vlad: I believe this is the man you're looking for.
Short Thug: You got me.
Captain of the Guard: What is this?
Captain of the Guard: Open up!
Short Thug: What's the password?
Captain of the Guard: What?
Short Thug: Nope.
Captain of the Guard: Open this door!
Short Thug: Not even close.
Captain of the Guard: You have three seconds! One... two... three...
Captain of the Guard: Huh?
Flynn Rider: Frying pans! Who knew, right?
Big Nose Thug: I've got scars and lumps and bruises, plus something here that oozes, and let's not even mention my complexion, / But despite my extra toes, and my goiter and my nose, I really want to make a love connection. / Can't you see me with a special little lady, rowing in a row boat down the stream? / Though I'm one disgusting blighter, I'm a lover, not a fighter, / 'Cause way down deep inside I got a dream.
Big Nose Thug: I've got a dream,
Chorus: He's got a dream,
Big Nose Thug: And I know one day romance will reign supreme, / Though my face leaves people screaming, there's a child behind it dreaming, / Like everybody else, I've got a dream.
Flynn Rider: Not the nose, not the nose, not the nose!
Rapunzel: Put him down! Okay, I don't know where I am, and I need him to take me to see the lanterns, because I've been dreaming about them my entire life. Find your humanity! Haven't any of you ever had a dream?
Hook Hand Thug: I had a dream once.
Hook Hand Thug: I'm malicious, mean, and scary, my sneer could curdle dairy, and violence-wise, my hands are not the cleanest. But despite my evil look and my temper and my hook, I've always yearned to be a concert pianist.
Hook Hand Thug: Can't you see me on the stage, performing Mozart, Tickling the ivories 'till they gleam? Yep, I'd rather be called deadly, for my killer show tune medley.
Hook Hand Thug: Thank you!
Hook Hand Thug: 'Cause way down deep inside I've got a dream!
Chorus: He's got a dream, he's got a dream.
Hook Hand Thug: See, I ain't as cruel and vicious as I seem, though I feel like breaking femurs, you can count me with the dreamers, for like everybody else, I've got a dream!
Big Nose Thug: Tor would like to quit and be a florist.
Vlad: Gunther does interior design.
Thug 2: Ulf is into mime.
Big Nose Thug: Attila's cupcakes are sublime.
Big Nose Thug, Thug 2: Bruiser knits, Killer sews, Fang does little puppet shows.
Hook Hand Thug: And Vladimir collects ceramic u-ni-corns...
    