
Paul Rusesabagina: I am glad that you have shot this footage and that the world will see it. It is the only way we have a chance that people might intervene.
Jack: Yeah and if no one intervenes, is it still a good thing to show?
Paul Rusesabagina: How can they not intervene when they witness such atrocities?
Jack: I think if people see this footage they'll say, "oh my God that's horrible," and then go on eating their dinners.
Jack: What the hell do I know?
Pat Archer: They said that there wasn't any room.
Paul Rusesabagina: There's always room.
Pat Archer: Please don't let them kill me. I... I promise I won't be Tutsi anymore.
Colonel Oliver: You're black. You're not even a nigger. You're an African.
Jack: They could be twins!
Paul Rusesabagina: There will be no rescue, no intervention for us. We can only save ourselves. Many of you know influential people abroad, you must call these people. You must tell them what will happen to us... say goodbye. But when you say goodbye, say it as if you are reaching through the phone and holding their hand. Let them know that if they let go of that hand, you will die. We must shame them into sending help.
Paul Rusesabagina: Hundreds, there were too many to count.
Dube: Why are people so cruel?
Paul Rusesabagina: Hatred... Insanity... I don't know...
Jack: I think if people see this footage, they'll say Oh, my God, that's horrible. And then they'll go on eating their dinners.
Paul Rusesabagina: They told me I was one of them, and I... the wine, chocolates, cigars, style... I swallowed it. I swallowed it, I swallowed all of it. And they handed me their shit. I have no... no history. I have no memory. I'm a fool, Tati.
Tatiana Rusesabagina: You are no fool. I know who you are.
Jack: Oh, God, I'm so ashamed!
Title card: Paul Rusesabagina sheltered 1268 Tutsi and Hutu refugees at the Milles Collines Hotel in Kigali.
Title card: Paul and Tatiana now live in Belgium with their children, Roger, Diane, Lys, Tresor and their adopted nieces Anais and Carine.
Title card: Tatiana's brother Thomas and his wife Fedens were never found.
Title card: In 2002, General Augustin Bizimungu was captured in Angola and transported to the U.N. War Crimes Tribunal in Tanzania. At the same tribunal the Interhamwe leader George Rutuganda was sentenced to life in prison.
Title card: The genocide ended in July 1994, when the Tutsi rebels drove the Hutu army and the Interhamwe militia across the border into the Congo.
Title card: They left behind almost a million corpses.
Paul Rusesabagina: No, no! It's me!
Paul Rusesabagina: What were you going to do with this?
Tatiana Rusesabagina: I don't know.
Dube: Aah, that is a fine cigar, sir!
Paul Rusesabagina: This is a Cohiba cigar. Each one is worth 10,000 francs.
Dube: 10,000 francs?
Paul Rusesabagina: Yes, yes. But it is worth more to me than 10,000 francs.
Dube: What do you mean, sir?
Paul Rusesabagina: If I give a businessman 10,000 francs, what does that matter to him? He is rich. But, if I give him a Cohiba cigar straight from Havana, Cuba. Hey, that is style, Dube.
Dube: Style!
Paul Rusesabagina: General, these are difficult times, we need to help one another.
General Bizimungu: And what help can I get from you, Paul?
Paul Rusesabagina: You are a marked man, sir!
General Bizimungu: How so?
Paul Rusesabagina: You're on a list, the Americans have you on a list as a war criminal!
General Bizimungu: Paul, I am sick and tired of your lies.
Paul Rusesabagina: Are you stupid General? How do you think these people operate? You sit here with five stars on your chest! Who do you think they're coming after?
Paul Rusesabagina: Fine, we will go to Gitzarama and you will stay on that list.
General Bizimungu: I committed no war crimes.
Paul Rusesabagina: Who will tell them? You need me to tell them how you helped at the hotel. They blame you for all their misfortunes. They say you lead the massacres!
General Bizimungu: I lead no massacres!
Paul Rusesabagina: Do you think they will believe you?
General Bizimungu: You will tell them the truth!
Paul Rusesabagina: I will tell them nothing unless you help me!
Paul Rusesabagina: What- what are you going to do... shoot me? Shoot me. Please shoot me. It would be a blessing. I will pay you to shoot my family. You can not hurt me.
General Bizimungu: You will tell them I did nothing!
Paul Rusesabagina: We are leaving. Right now.
Paul Rusesabagina: You cannot seriously think that you can kill them all.
George Rutaganda: And why not? We are halfway there already.
George Rutaganda: When people ask me, good listeners, why do I hate all the Tutsi, I say, "Read our history." The Tutsi were collaborators for the Belgian colonists, they stole our Hutu land, they whipped us. Now they have come back, these Tutsi rebels. They are cockroaches. They are murderers. Rwanda is our Hutu land. We are the majority. They are a minority of traitors and invaders. We will squash the infestation. We will wipe out the RPF rebels. This is RTLM, Hutu power radio. Stay alert. Watch your neighbours.
General Bizimungu: I commanded no massacres!
Paul Rusesabagina: What are you going to do - shoot me? Shoot me. I would pay you to shoot my family! I would consider it a blessing!
Paul Rusesabagina: All day long I work to please this officer, that diplomat, some tourist to store up favors so if there is a time when we need help I have powerful people I can call upon.
Tatiana Rusesabagina: But Victor was a good neighbor.
Paul Rusesabagina: He is not family. Family is all that matters.
George Rutaganda: Cut the tall trees. Cut the tall trees now!
George Rutaganda: I say taste those Tutsi whores before they die. Then they'll know what Hutu power is, my warriors. Remember, one cockroach can start an infestation. We need to exterminate these vermin.
Colonel Oliver: We're here as peace keepers, not peace makers.
Colonel Oliver: They're not going to stay, Paul. They're not going to stop the slaughter.
Dube: Oh, Shit! Oh, sorry, sir.
Head Chef: Ten Alive, twelve are dead.
Paul Rusesabagina: All Right... But save the shells. Fill them with... a stuffing. The good meat and something local.
Head Chef: Cassava?
Paul Rusesabagina: And... the fish?
Head Chef: And tipali?
Paul Rusesabagina: - Yes, We'll call it "Fresh Lobster in a Cassava and Tipali Crust." Dube?
Dube: Style, sir?
Paul Rusesabagina: Yes, sir.
Tatiana Rusesabagina: Do something.
Paul Rusesabagina: Do what?
Tatiana Rusesabagina: Call someone.
Paul Rusesabagina: There is nothing we can do.     