
Héctor: Remember me, though I have to say goodbye / Remember me, don't let it make you cry / For even if I'm far away, I hold you in my heart / I sing a secret song to you, each night we are apart / Remember me, though I have to travel far / Remember me, each time you hear a sad guitar / Know that I'm with you, the only way that I can be / Until you're in my arms again, remember me...
Ernesto de la Cruz: Don't I know you?
Mamá Imelda: That's for murdering the love of my life!
Ernesto de la Cruz: Who the...?
Héctor: She's talking about me!
Héctor: I am the love of your life?
Mamá Imelda: I don't know, I am still angry at you!
Ernesto de la Cruz: I have to sing. It's not just *in* me... It *is* Me.
Clerk: I am terribly allergic.
Miguel: But Dante doesn't have any hair.
Clerk: And I don't have a nose, and yet, here we are.
Miguel: A minute ago I thought I was related to a murderer! You're a total upgrade!
Mamá Imelda: Mijo, I was so worried.
Mamá Imelda: And you, how many times must I turn you away?
Héctor: Imelda...
Mamá Imelda: I want nothing to do with you! Not in life, not in death! I spent decades protecting my family from *your* mistakes. He spends five minutes with you, and I have to fish him out of a sinkhole!
Miguel: I wasn't in there because of Héctor. He was in there because of me. He was just trying to get me home! I didn't want to listen, but he was right! Nothing is more important than family. I'm ready to accept your blessing. And your conditions. But first, I need to find de la Cruz. To get Héctor's photo!
Mamá Imelda: What?
Miguel: So, he can see Coco again. Héctor should be on our ofrenda. He's part of our family.
Mamá Imelda: He *left* this family!
Miguel: He tried to go home to you and Coco. But de la Cruz murdered him!
Héctor: It's true, Imelda.
Miguel: And so what if it's true? You leave me alone with a child to raise, and I'm just supposed to forgive you?
Héctor: Imelda, I...
Héctor: I'm running out of time. It's Coco.
Mamá Imelda: She's forgetting you.
Miguel: You don't have to forgive him. But you shouldn't forget him.
Mamá Imelda: I wanted to forget you. I wanted Coco to forget you, too, but...
Héctor: This is my fault, not yours. I'm sorry, Imelda.
Mamá Imelda: Miguel, if we help you get his photo, you will return home? No more music?
Miguel: Family comes first.
Mamá Imelda: I... I can't forgive you. But I will help you. So how do we get to de la Cruz?
Miguel: I... might know a way.
Miguel: Wait... what happened?
Héctor: He's been forgotten. When there's no one left in the living world who remembers you, you disappear from this world. We call it the Final Death.
Miguel: Where did he go?
Héctor: No one knows.
Miguel: But I've met him! I could remember him when I go back.
Héctor: No. It doesn't work like that, chamaco. Our memories, they have to be passed down by those who knew us in life - in the stories they tell about us. But there's no one left alive to pass down Cheech's stories.
Héctor: Hey, it happens to everyone eventually.
Mamá Imelda: Miguel, I give you my blessing, to go home and...
Miguel: ... to forget about music?
Mamá Imelda: ...And never forget how much your family cares for you.
Mamá Imelda: I will never forgive you...
Mamá Imelda: But I will help you.
Mamá Imelda: Miguel?
Miguel: Mamá Imelda?
Mamá Imelda: WHAT is going on?
Miguel: I have a dimple on this side, but not on this side. Dimple. No dimple. Dimple. No dimple.
Héctor: Well everyone knows Juanita / Her eyes each a different color / Her teeth stick out / and her chin goes in / and her...
Héctor: ... knuckles, they drag on the floor.
Chicharrón: Those aren't the words!
Héctor: There are children present.
Héctor: Her hair is like a briar / She stands in a bow-legged stance / And if I weren't so ugly / She'd possibly give me a chance.
Chicharrón: Brings back memories. Gracias.
Héctor: What are you doing?
Miguel: I'm walking like a skeleton.
Héctor: No, skeletons don't walk like that.
Miguel: That's how *you* walk.
Héctor: No, I don't.
Ernesto de la Cruz: I apologize, where were we?
Miguel: You were going to give me your blessing.
Ernesto de la Cruz: Yes, uh, si. Miguel, my reputation it is, ah, very important to me. I would hate to have you think...
Miguel: That you murdered Héctor, for his songs?
Ernesto de la Cruz: Ha ha. You don't think that, do you?
Miguel: I... no. Everyone knows you're, the... the good guy.
Ernesto de la Cruz: Miguel: Papa Ernesto, my blessing?
Ernesto de la Cruz: Security, take care of Miguel. He'll be... extending his stay.
Miguel: WHAT? BUT I'M YOUR FAMILY!
Ernesto de la Cruz: And Héctor was my best friend. Success doesn't come for free, Miguel. You have to be willing to, do whatever it takes to... seize your moment. I know you understand.
Miguel: No, NO!
Frida Kahlo: Darkness - and from the darkness... a giant papaya! Dancers emerge from the papaya, and the dancers are all me! And they go to drink from the milk of their mother, who is a cactus, but, who is also me! And her milk is not milk, but tears!
Frida Kahlo: Is it too obvious?
Miguel: I think it's... just the right amount of obvious.
Héctor: Ernesto, STOP!
Héctor: Leave the boy alone.
Ernesto de la Cruz: I've worked too hard, Hector. Too hard to let him destroy everything.
Héctor: He's a living child, Ernesto.
Ernesto de la Cruz: HE'S A THREAT!
Ernesto de la Cruz: You think I'd let him go back to the land of the living WITH YOUR PHOTO? TO KEEP YOUR MEMORY ALIVE? No.
Miguel: YOU'RE A COWARD!
Ernesto de la Cruz: I am Ernesto de la Cruz, the greatest musician of all time!
Miguel: Hector's the REAL musician, you're just the guy who murdered him and stole his songs!
Guy in audience: Murdered?
Ernesto de la Cruz: I am the one who is willing to do what it takes to seize my moment, whatever it takes.
Abuelita: No Music!
Miguel: This isn't a dream, then - you're all really out there.
Tía Victoria: You thought we weren't?
Miguel: Well, I don't know - I thought it might have been one of those made-up things adults tell kids! Like vitamins.
Tía Victoria: Miguel, vitamins are a real thing!
Miguel: Well, now I'm thinking maybe they could be.
Guy in audience: What did I miss?
Miguel: Are those... Alebrijes?
Tío Oscar: Real Alebrijes. Spirit creatures.
Tía Rosita: They guide souls on their journey.
Tío Felipe: Watch your step - they make 'caquitas' everywhere.
Tío Oscar: I miss my nose...
Mamá Imelda: I demand to speak to the person in charge.
Departures Agent: Sorry, señora it says here no one put up your photo.
Mamá Imelda: My family always, ALWAYS puts my photo on the ofrenda
Mamá Imelda: That devil box tells you nothing but lies.
Papá Julio: Mamá Imelda?
Mamá Imelda: Oh, mi familia! They wouldn't let me cross the bridge.
Mamá Imelda: Tell this woman and her devil box that my photo is on the ofrenda.
Papá Julio: Well, we-we never made it made it to the ofrenda.
Mamá Imelda: What?
Papá Julio: We ran into a, a...
Mamá Imelda: Miguel?
Miguel: Mamá Imelda.
Mamá Imelda: What is going on?
Clerk: You the Rivera family?
Clerk: Well, you're cursed.
Mamá Imelda: I am trying to save your life!
Miguel: You're ruining my life!
Mamá Imelda: What?
Miguel: Music's the only way that makes me happy. And, you wanna take that away! You'll never understand!
Miguel: I thought you hated music.
Mamá Imelda: I LOVED it! I remember that my husband would play, and I loved to sing, and nothing else mattered.
Mamá Imelda: But when we had Coco, there was something that mattered more than music. I wanted to put down roots. He wanted to play for the world. We each made a sacrifice to get what we want. Now, you must make a choice.
Miguel: But, I don't want to pick sides. Why won't you just be on my side? That's what families do. Support you!
Miguel: But you never will...
Juan Ortodoncia: Gracias!
Abuelita: Aw, it's okay. You can weep with your family.
Miguel: I *DON'T* want to be part of *this family* anymore!
    