
Hermione: Now if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed - or worse, expelled.
Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities!
Dumbledore: It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live.
Dumbledore: It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.
Molly Weasley: Fred, you next.
George Weasley: He's not Fred, I am!
Fred Weasley: Honestly, woman. You call yourself our mother.
Molly Weasley: Oh, I'm sorry, George.
Fred Weasley: I'm only joking, I am Fred!
Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeon between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret. So, naturally, the whole school knows.
Hagrid: You're a wizard, Harry!
Harry: I'm a what?
Neville Longbottom: Only problem is, I can't remember what I've forgotten.
Ron: Whew, made it. Can you imagine the look on old McGonagall's face if we were late?
Ron: That was bloody brilliant!
Professor McGonagall: Well, thank you for that assessment, Mr Weasley. Perhaps it would be more useful if I were to transfigure Mr Potter and yourself into a pocket watch? That way, one of you might be on time.
Harry: We got lost.
Professor McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats.
Professor Severus Snape: There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion-making. However, for those select few...
Professor Severus Snape: Who possess, the predisposition... I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death.
Professor Severus Snape: Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention!
Professor Severus Snape: Mister Potter. Our new celebrity.
Hermione: Harry, no way! You heard what Madam Hooch said. Besides, you don't even know how to fly!
Hermione: What an idiot!
Mr. Ollivander: Curious... very curious...
Harry: Sorry, but what's curious?
Mr. Ollivander: I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. It so happens that the phoenix whose tailfeather resides in your wand gave another feather... just one other. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar.
Harry: And who owned that wand?
Mr. Ollivander: We do not speak his name! The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. It's not always clear why. But I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things. Terrible! Yes. But great.
Hermione: You'll be okay, Harry. You're a great wizard. You really are.
Harry: Not as good as you.
Hermione: Me? Books and cleverness. There are more important things: friendship and bravery. And Harry, just be careful.
Ron: Immortal?
Hermione: It means you'll never die.
Ron: I know what it means!
Hermione: Neville, I'm really, really sorry about this.
Hermione: Petrificus Totalus!
Ron: You're a little scary sometimes, you know that? Brilliant... but scary.
Sorting Hat: Hmm, difficult. VERY difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind, either. There's talent, oh yes. And a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you?
Harry: Not Slytherin. Not Slytherin.
Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin, eh? Are you sure? You could be great, you know. It's all here in your head. And Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, there's no doubt about that. No?
Harry: Please, please. Anything but Slytherin, anything but Slytherin.
Sorting Hat: Well if you're sure, better be... GRYFFINDOR!
Professor Quirrel: Troll! In the dungeons!
Professor Quirrel: Thought you ought to know.
Hermione: He's not relaxing, is he?
Harry: Apparently not.
Hermione: I've gotta do something!
Harry: What?
Hermione: Oh, I remember reading something in herbology... um...
Ron: Hel-!
Hermione: Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare..."It's deadly fun, but will sulk in the sun!" That's it! Devil's Snare hates sunlight! Lumos Solem!
Harry: Ron, you okay?
Ron: Yeah.
Harry: Okay.
Ron: Lucky we didn't panic.
Harry: Lucky Hermione pays attention in herbology.
Dumbledore: Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him?
Dumbledore: It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark.
Dumbledore: No, no. This kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin.
Harry: What is it?
Dumbledore: Love, Harry. Love.
Ron: What do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?
Hermione: You don't use your eyes, do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on?
Ron: I wasn't looking at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads... or maybe you didn't notice? There were three!
Oliver Wood: Scared, Harry?
Harry: A little.
Oliver Wood: That's all right. I felt the same way before my first game.
Harry: What happened?
Oliver Wood: I, uh, I don't really remember. I took a bludger to the head two minutes in. Woke up in hospital a week later.
Hermione: Stop moving, both of you. This is devil's snare! You have to relax. If you don't, it'll only kill you faster!
Ron: Kill us faster? Oh, now I can relax!
Ron: I think we've had a bad influence on her.
Hermione: I checked this out weeks ago for a bit of light reading.
Ron: This is light?
Professor McGonagall: Five points... will be awarded to each of you.
Professor McGonagall: For sheer dumb luck.
Draco Malfoy: You'll soon find out that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't wanna go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.
Harry: I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks.
Ron: It's spooky! She knows more about you than you do!
Harry: Who doesn't?
Professor Severus Snape: For your information Potter, Asphodel and Wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of the Living Death, a Bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for Monkshood and Wolfbane, they are the same plant which also goes by the name of Aconite. Well, why aren't you all copying this down?
Ron: I'm Ron by the way, Ron Weasley.
Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter.
Ron: So... so it's true! I mean, do you really have the... the...
Harry: The what?
Ron: The scar?
Harry: Oh.
Harry: Yeah.
Ron: Wicked!
Harry: Wait a minute!
Ron: You see it, don't you, Harry? Once I make my move, the Queen will take me. Then you're free to check the King.
Harry: No. Ron, NO!
Hermione: What is it?
Harry: He's going to sacrifice himself.
Hermione: No, you can't, there must be another way!
Ron: Do you want to stop Snape from getting that stone or not?
Ron: Harry, it's you that has to go on, I *know* it. Not me, not Hermione, YOU.
Ron: Knight to H3.
Ron: Check.
Harry: RON!
Harry: NO! DON'T MOVE! Don't forget - we're still playing.
Harry: CHECKMATE.
Hermione: Honestly, don't you two read?
Hermione: Feels strange to be going home, doesn't it?
Harry: I'm not going home. Not really.
Hagrid: Just play a bit of music and he falls straight asleep... I shouldn't have told you that!
Dumbledore: I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit-flavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But, I think I could be safe with a nice toffee.
Dumbledore: Mm, alas, earwax.
Professor McGonagall: Albus, do you really think it safe, leaving him with these people? I've watched them all day. They're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are...
Dumbledore: The only family he has.
Professor McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There won't be a child in our world who doesn't know his name.
Dumbledore: Exactly. He's far better off growing up away from all of that. Until he is ready.
Fred Weasley: Well done, Harry. Wood's just told us.
Ron: Fred and George are on the team, too. Beaters.
George Weasley: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloodied up too bad. Can't make any promises, of course. Rough game, Quidditch.
Fred Weasley: Brutal, but no one's died in years. Someone will vanish occasionally, but they'll turn up in a month or two!
Harry: Good of you to get us out of trouble like that.
Ron: Mind you, we did save her life!
Harry: Mind you, she might not have needed saving if you hadn't insulted her.
Dumbledore: Only a person who wanted to find the Stone - find it, but not use it - would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me, that is saying something.
Ron: "It's Levi-OOOOH-sa not LevioSAR." She's a nightmare, honestly. It's no wonder she hasn't got any friends!
Harry: I think she heard you.
Harry: I think if he'd had the chance, he might've tried to kill me tonight.
Ron: And to think, I've been worrying about my potions final.
Professor Severus Snape: What would three young Gryffindors such as yourselves be doing inside... on a day like this?
Hermione: Uh... well... we... we were just...
Professor Severus Snape: You ought to be careful. People will think you're...
Professor Severus Snape: Up to something.
Ron: Leg-Locker Curse?
Harry: Malfoy.
Ron: You have *got* to start standing up to people, Neville.
Neville Longbottom: How? I can barely stand at all!
Seamus Finnigan: I'll do the counter-curse!
Neville Longbottom: No, that's all I need... you to set my bloody kneecaps on fire!
Seamus Finnigan: I don't appreciate the insinuation, Longbottom. Besides, if anyone cares to notice, my eyebrows have completely grown back!
Harry: I found him!
Ron: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the Dark Wizard Grindelwald in 1945-'
Harry: Go on.
Ron: '-for his discovery of the 12 uses of Dragon Blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner Nicolas Flamel!'
Harry: I knew the name sounded familiar, I read it on the train that day.
Hermione: Follow me!
Neville Longbottom: Hey, wait, where are you going? What about the counter-curse?
Professor Severus Snape: Tell me, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?
Professor Severus Snape: You don't know? Well, let's try again. Where, Mr. Potter, would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar?
Harry: I don't know, sir.
Professor Severus Snape: And what is the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?
Harry: I don't know, sir.
Professor Severus Snape: Pity. Clearly, fame isn't everything, is it, Mr. Potter?
Voldemort: There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to seek it.
Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh, bless him! Look! He knows his mummy! Hallo, Norbert!
Harry: Norbert?
Hagrid: Yeah, well, he's gotta have a name, don't he?
Professor McGonagall: Nothing, I repeat, nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore, as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken.
Harry: 50?
Professor McGonagall: Each.
Professor McGonagall: And to ensure it doesn't happen again, all four of you will receive detention.
Draco Malfoy: Excuse me, professor, perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said the four of us.
Professor McGonagall: No, you heard me correctly, Mr. Malfoy. You see, honorable as your intentions were, you too were out of bed after hours. You will join your classmates in detention.
Caretaker Argus Filch: For God's sake, pull yourself together man. You're going into the Forest after all. Got to have your wits about ya...
Draco Malfoy: The Forest? I thought that was a joke. We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are-
Draco Malfoy: ... werewolves.
Caretaker Argus Filch: Oh, there's more than werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that. Nighty-night.
Seamus Finnigan: Eye of rabbit, harp string hum, turn this water into rum.
Seamus Finnigan: Eye of rabbit, harp string hum...
Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water?
Ron: Turn it to rum. Actually managed a weak tea yesterday! Before...
Seamus Finnigan: Wingardium Leviosa. Wingard...
Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor.
Hagrid: You all right there, Harry? You seem very quiet.
Harry: He killed my parents, didn't he?
Harry: The one who gave me this?
Harry: You know, Hagrid. I know you do.
Hagrid: First - and understand this, Harry, 'cause it's very important - not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago there was one wizard that went as bad as you can go, and his name was V-
Hagrid: his name was V...
Harry: Maybe if you wrote it down...
Hagrid: Nah, I can't spell it. Alright
Hagrid: 'Voldemort'
Harry: Voldemort?
Hagrid: Shhh! It was dark times, Harry, dark times. Voldemort started to gather some followers, brought 'em over to the dark side. Anyone who stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him, but nobody lived once he decided to kill them. Nobody... not one... 'cept you.
Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill... ME?
Hagrid: Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead. A mark like that only comes from being touched by a curse, and an evil curse at that.
Harry: What happened to Vol- to You-Know-Who?
Hagrid: Well, some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Nope, I reckon he's still out there, too tired to carry on. But one thing's certain, something about you stumped him that night. That's why you're famous, Harry, that's why everybody knows your name. You're the boy who lived.
Hermione: Ron, you don't suppose this is going to be like... *real* wizard's chess, do you?
Ron: You there, D5!
Ron: Yes, Hermione, I think this is gonna be *exactly* like wizard's chess.
Harry: I swear I don't know. One minute the glass was there and then it was gone. It was like magic.
Uncle Vernon: There's no such thing as magic!
Percy Weasley: And keep an eye on the staircases. They like to change.
Hermione: Look at you playing with your cards. Pathetic! We've got final exams coming up soon.
Ron: I'm ready! Ask me any question.
Hermione: All right, what are the three most crucial ingredients in a Forgetfulness Potion?
Ron: I forgot.
Hermione: And what, may I ask, do you plan to do if this comes up in the final exam?
Ron: Copy off you?
Hermione: No, you won't! Besides, according to Professor McGonagall, we're to be given special quills bewitched with an anti-cheating spell.
Dumbledore: Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch, has asked me to remind you that the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death.
Dudley Dursley: How many are there?
Uncle Vernon: 36, counted them myself.
Dudley Dursley: 36! But last year, last year I had 37!
Uncle Vernon: Yes, yes, but some of them are quite a bit bigger than last year.
Dudley Dursley: I don't care how big they are!
Draco Malfoy: Okay. Then I get Fang!
Hagrid: Fine. Just so you know, he's a bloody coward.
Dimpled Woman on Train: Anything from the trolly, dears?
Ron: No thanks, i'm all set.
Harry: We'll take the lot!
Ron: Whoa!
Hagrid: Crikey, I'd love a dragon.
Harry: You'd like a dragon?
Dudley Dursley: Daddy's gone mad hasn't he?
Ron: Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, turn this stupid, fat rat yellow!
Uncle Vernon: He will not be going, I tell you! We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to all this rubbish!
Harry: You knew? You knew all along and you never told me?
Aunt Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect sister being who she was. My mother and father were so proud the day she got her letter. "We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful?" I was the only one to see her for what she was... a freak! And then she met that Potter. And then she had you, and I knew you would be the same. Just as strange, just as... abnormal. And then if you please, she went and got herself blown up, and we got landed with you.
Harry: Blown up? You told me my parents died in a car crash!
Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash kill Lily and James Potter?
Aunt Petunia: We had to say something.
Hagrid: It's an outrage! It's a scandal!
Uncle Vernon: He'll not be going!
Hagrid: Oh, and I suppose a great muggle like yourself's gonna stop him, are ya?
Hagrid: If that dolt of a cousin of yours, Dudley, gives you any grief, you could always, um, threaten him with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his.
Harry: But, Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that.
Hagrid: I do, but your cousin don't, do he?
Ron: Wingardium leviosar!
Hermione: Stop, stop, stop! You're going to take someone's eye out. Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's LeviOsa, not LeviosAR!
Hermione: You've got dirt on your nose, by the way. Did you know? Just there.
Hagrid: Dry up Dursley, you great prune!
Harry: Sorry.
Hermione: Sorry.
Ron: It's for your own good, you know.
Hermione: That's totally barbaric!
Ron: That's wizard's chess.
George Weasley: How do you like yours, Ron?
George Weasley: Ron?
Ron: I'll be right back.
Ron: Wanna play chess?
Harry: No.
Ron: Wanna go and visit Hagrid?
Harry: No.
Ron: I know what you're thinking Harry, but don't. There's something not right about that mirror.
Ron: We've looked a hundred times.
Hermione: Not in the restricted section. Happy Christmas.
Draco Malfoy: Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair... and a hand-me-down robe. You must be a Weasley.
Caretaker Argus Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. Was a time detention would find you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I miss the screaming.
Harry: I can't be a-a-a wizard. I mean, I'm just Harry, just Harry.
Harry: You! No, it can't be. Snape, he - he was the...
Professor Quirrel: Yes, he does seem the type, doesn't he? Why, next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-st-stuttering Professor Quirrell?
Harry: Excuse me sir, can you tell me where I might find Platform Nine and Three-Quarters?
Station Guard: Nine and Three-Quarters? Think you're being funny do ya?
Station Guard: Nine and Three-Quarters!
Dumbledore: Yes,Yes well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin, however recent events must be taken into account, and I have a few last minute points to award.
Dumbledore: To Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect when others were in great peril, 50 points.
Dumbledore: Second to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years, 50 points.
Dumbledore: And third to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor House 60 points.
Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin!
Dumbledore: And finally, it takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends, I award 10 points, to Mr. Neville Longbottom.
Dumbledore: Assuming that my calculations are correct, I believe a change in decoration is in order.
Dumbledore: Gryffindor wins the house cup!
Seamus Finnigan: I'm half and half. Me dad's a muggle; Mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out.
Ron: Mental that one, I'm telling you.
Nearly Headless Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor!
Draco Malfoy: Wait 'til my father hears about this! This is servant's stuff!
Harry: If I didn't know any better, Draco, I'd say you were scared.
Draco Malfoy: I'm not scared, Potter!
Draco Malfoy: Did you hear that?
Harry: Come on, Fang!
Harry: Hagrid, who gave you the Dragon Egg? What did he look like?
Hagrid: I don't know. I never saw his face. He kept his hood up.
Harry: This stranger, though, you and he must've talked.
Hagrid: Well, he wanted to know what sort of creatures I looked after. I told him. I said "After Fluffy, a dragon's gonna be no problem."
Harry: Did he seem interested in Fluffy?
Hagrid: Well, of course he was interested in Fluffy. How often do you come across a 3-headed dog, even if you're in the trade? But I told him I said - I said, "The trick with any beast is to know how to calm him." Take Fluffy, for example, just play him a bit of music and he falls straight asleep.
Hagrid: I shouldn't have told you that.
Hermione: I'm Hermione Granger and you're Harry Potter!
Hermione: And you are?
Ron: Ron Weasley.
Hermione: Pleasure.
Hagrid: I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the...
Harry: Yes?
Hagrid: Shouldn't have said that. No more questions, don't ask anymore questions!
Sorting Hat: Ah! Another Weasley. I know just what to do with you... GRYFFINDOR!
Harry: Give it here, Malfoy or I'll knock you off your broom!
Draco Malfoy: Is that so?
Draco Malfoy: Have it your way then.
Hagrid: Oh! I shouldn't have said that.
Hagrid: See Harry, you're famous.
Harry: But why am I famous, Hagrid? All those people back there, how is it they know who I am?
Hagrid: I'm not sure I'm exactly the right person to tell you that, Harry.
Draco Malfoy: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts.
Oliver Wood: Nasty little buggers.
Harry: I like this ball.
Oliver Wood: Ah, you like it now. Just wait. It's wicked fast, and damn near impossible to see.
Harry: What do I do with it?
Oliver Wood: You catch it, before the other team's seeker. You catch this, the game's over. You catch this, Potter, and we win.
Harry: Say, Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?
Percy Weasley: Oh, that's Professor Snape, head of Slytherin House.
Harry: What's he teach?
Percy Weasley: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrell's job for *years*.
Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it?
Hagrid: Who told you about Fluffy?
Ron: Fluffy?
Hermione: That thing has a name?
Aunt Petunia: This is what you're going to be wearing when I finish dying it.
Hagrid: Sorry about that
Hagrid: What are you lookin' at?
Draco Malfoy: Did you see his face? Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat ass.
Ron: Happy Christmas, Harry.
Voldemort: Harry Potter. We meet again.
Harry: Voldemort?
Voldemort: Yes. You see what I've become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another, a mere parasite! Unicorn blood can sustain me, but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can; something that, conveniently enough, lies in your pocket!
Dumbledore: I should have known that you would be here, Professor McGonagall.
Professor McGonagall: Good evening, Professor Dumbledore.
Professor McGonagall: Are the rumors true, Albus?
Dumbledore: I'm afraid so, Professor. The good... and the bad.
Professor McGonagall: And the boy?
Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him.
Professor McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something this important?
Dumbledore: Ah, Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life.
Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, sir, Professor McGonagall.
Dumbledore: No problems, I trust, Hagrid?
Hagrid: No, sir. Little tike fell asleep just as we were flyin' over Bristol. Try not to wake him.
Hagrid: There yeh go.
Professor McGonagall: Albus, do you really think it's safe to leave him with these people? I've watched them all day, they're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable! They really are.
Dumbledore: They're the only family he has.
Professor McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There won't be a child in the world who won't know his name!
Dumbledore: Exactly. He's far better off growing up away from that, until he's ready.
Dumbledore: There there, Hagrid, it's not really goodbye after all.
Dumbledore: Good luck, Harry Potter.
Ron: I look good!
Hagrid: I shouldn't have told you that!
Hagrid: You're a wizard, Harry
Hermione: Harry: HERMIONE, MOVE!
Ron: Hey, pea brain!
Hermione: Help!
Harry: Do something!
Ron: What?
Harry: Anything!
Harry: Hurry up!
Hermione: Swish and flick!
Ron: Wingardium Leviosa!
Hermione: Is it... dead?
Harry: I don't think so, just knocked out.
Professor McGonagall: Mraow!
Dumbledore: I should have known that you would be here, Professor McGonagall.
Professor McGonagall: Are the rumors true, Albus?
Dumbledore: I'm afraid so, Professor. The good... and the bad.
Dumbledore: Silence!
Harry: Make a wish, Harry.
Uncle Vernon: Who's there?
Hagrid: Sorry about that.
Uncle Vernon: I demand that you leave at once! You are breaking an entry!
Hagrid: Dry up, Dursley, you great prune!
Hagrid: Boy, I hasn't seen yeh since you was a baby, Harry, but you're a little bit longer that I expected, especially right in the middle.
Dudley Dursley: I-I'm not Harry.
Harry: I am.
Hagrid: Well, of course you are. Got somethin' for yeh, 'fraid I may have sat on it at some point, but I imagine it'll taste just the same.
Hagrid: Painted it myself, words and all.
Harry: Thank you.
Hagrid: It's not every day your young man turns eleven, eh?
Harry: Where's Hermione?
Neville Longbottom: Parvati Patil says that she wouldn't come out of the girls bathroom. She said that she'd been in there all afternoon, crying.
Professor Quirrel: TROLL IN THE DUNGEON! TROLL IN THE DUNGEON!
Professor Quirrel: Thought you ought to know.
Dumbledore: Silence!
Dumbledore: Please do not panic. Now, Prefects will lead their house back to the dormitories, and teachers will follow me to the dungeons.
Hagrid: Looks like he's gonna be sick!
Lee Jordan: He's got the snitch! Harry Potter receives one-hundred and fifty points for catching the snitch!
Madame Hooch: Gryffindor wins!
Hagrid: Yes!
Professor McGonagall: Are you sure you could trust Hagrid with such an important thing?
Dumbledore: I would trust Hagrid with my own life.
Harry: Trevor.
Ron: Trevor! Go! You shouldn't be here!
Neville Longbottom: Neither should you. You're sneaking out again, aren't you!
Harry: Now, Neville, listen, we were...
Neville Longbottom: No! I won't let you! You'll get Gryffindor into trouble again! Uh, I-I'll fight you!
Hermione: Neville, I'm really, really sorry about this, but Petrificus Totalus!
Ron: You're a little scary sometimes, you know that. Brilliant, but scary.
Harry: Let's go.
Harry: Sorry.
Hermione: Sorry.
Ron: It's for your own good, you know.
Uncle Vernon: There's no such thing as magic!
Hermione: It's Wingardium LevioSA, not LevioSAR.
Uncle Vernon: Fine day, Sunday. In my opinion, best day of the week.
Uncle Vernon: Why is that, Dudley?
Harry: Because there's no post on Sundays?
Uncle Vernon: Right you are, Harry!
Uncle Vernon: No post on Sundays. Ha!
Uncle Vernon: No blasted letters *today*! No, sir! Not one single bloody letter! Not *one*!
Uncle Vernon: No sir! Not one blasted, miserable -
Uncle Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter!
Harry: Get off!
Harry: They're *my* letters! Let go of me!
Uncle Vernon: THAT'S IT! WE'RE GOING AWAY! FAR AWAY! WHERE THEY CAN'T FIND US!
Dudley Dursley: Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?
Professor Severus Snape: You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell.
Professor Quirrel: What is this magic?
Voldemort: Fool, get the stone!
Hagrid: Shouldn't have told yeh tha'.
Ron: Do you really have that... scar?
Dumbledore: Alas, earwax.
Harry: I'm a what?
Dudley Dursley: How many are there?
Uncle Vernon: 36, counted them myself.
Mr. Ollivander: After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things. Terrible, yes, but great.
Draco Malfoy: You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.
Percy Weasley: Keep an eye on the staircases, they like to change.
Uncle Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox!
Molly Weasley: Okay, Fred, you next.     