
Moana: Okay, first, I am not a princess. I'm the daughter of the chief.
Maui: Same difference.
Moana: No.
Maui: If you wear a dress, and have an animal sidekick, you're a princess.
Tamatoa: Can we be real? If my name was Sebastian and I had a cool Jamaican accent, you'd totally help me. You would. You know you would.
Tamatoa: What have we here? It's a sparkly, shiny... Wait a minute.
Tamatoa: Ugh! It's a human! What are you doing down here, in the Realm of the Mons-?
Tamatoa: Just pick an eye, babe. I can't... I can't concentrate on what I'm saying if you keep... Yeah, pick one. Pick one!
Tamatoa: Are you just trying to get me to talk about myself? Because if you are... I will gladly do so.
Moana: Huh?
Tamatoa: In *song* form!
Maui: If you start singing, I'm gonna throw up.
Moana: Are you gonna tell Dad?
Gramma Tala: I'm his mom. I don't have to tell him anything.
Maui: When you use a bird to write with, it's called tweeting.
Tamatoa: Hey! Hey!... Did you like the song?
Gramma Tala: In the beginning there was only ocean until the Mother Island emerged. Te Fiti. Her heart held the greatest power ever known. It could create life itself. And Te Fiti shared it with the world. But in time, some began to seek Te Fiti's heart. They believed if they could possess it, the great power of creation would be theirs. And one day, the most daring of them all voyaged across the vast ocean to take it. He was a demi-god of the wind and sea. He was a warrior. A trickster. A shapeshifter who could change form with the power of his magical fishhook. And his name was Maui.
Gramma Tala: But without her heart, Te Fiti began to crumble, giving birth to a terrible darkness.
Gramma Tala: Maui tried to escape but was confronted by another who sought the Heart. Te Ka! A demon of earth and fire. Maui was struck from the sky, never to be seen again. And his magical fishhook and the Heart of Te Fiti were lost to the sea. Where, even now, a thousand years later, Te Ka and the demons of the deep still hunt for the Heart. Hiding in a darkness that will continue to spread, chasing away our fish, draining the life from island after island until every one of us is devoured by the bloodthirsty jaws of inescapable death!
Gramma Tala: But one day, the Heart will be found by someone who will journey beyond our reef, find Maui, deliver him across the great ocean to restore Te Fiti's Heart and save us all.
Moana: If there's something you want to tell me, just tell me! Is there something you want to tell me?
Gramma Tala: Is there something you want to hear?
Tamatoa: You're a funny looking little thing aren't you.
Moana: Don't! That's my gramma's!
Tamatoa: "That's my gramma's!" I ate my Gramma! And it took a week, 'cause she was absolutely humongous.
Moana: Um... *what*? I said help me! And wrecking my boat? Not *helping*!
Moana: Fish pee in you... all day!
Sina: Sometimes who we wish we were, what we wish we could do, is just not meant to be.
Gramma Tala: Whatever just happened... blame it on the pig.
Moana: How do you get your tattoos?
Maui: They show up, when I earn 'em.
Moana: How d'you earn that one? What's that for?
Maui: That, uh, man's discovery of nun-ya.
Moana: What's nun-ya?
Maui: Nun-ya business.
Moana: Let her come to me.
Maui: The chicken lives!
Maui: If the current's warm, you're going the right way.
Moana: It's cold. Wait, it's getting warmer.
Moana: Aah! That is disgusting! What is wrong with you?
Maui: Really? Blow dart in my butt cheek?
Moana: I have crossed the horizon to find you. / I know your name. / They have stolen the heart from inside you. / But this does not define you. / This is not who you are. / You know who you are... who you truly are.
Moana: I tried Gramma... I-I couldn't do it.
Gramma Tala: It's not your fault. I never should have put so much on your shoulders. If you are ready to go home... I will be with you.
Gramma Tala: Why do you hesitate?
Moana: I don't know.
Moana: I am Moana of Motu...
Moana: Board my boat!
Villager: I am curious about that chicken eating the rock. He basically lacks an intelligence required for pretty much... everything. So can we just...
Villager: ...Cook him?
Moana: Well, some of our strengths lie beneath the surface, while others...
Moana: ...far beneath...
Moana: But, I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to HeiHei than meets the eye.
Maui: Do you know who Maui is? Only the greatest demi-god of all the Pacific Islands, with his magical fish hook he slowed down the sun, pulled islands out of the sea, battled monsters! And I should know, because I'm Maui
Maui: Hey! Let me do this please
Maui: And I'm going to love you in ma belly. Now, let's fatten you up, drumstick.
Maui: Maui: All right. I'm out.
Maui: I wasn't born a demi-god. I had human parents. They took one look and they decided... that they did not want me. So, they threw me into the ocean like I was nothing. Somehow, I was rescued by the Gods. They gave me the fish hook. They made me...
Maui: ..."Maui".
Maui: So... Back to the humans I went. I gave them everything. Islands, fire and coconuts. Heh, everything they can never get enough of.
Moana: You stole the heart... for them. Because you wanted to be loved...
Maui: It was *never* enough.
Moana: We can fix it.
Maui: It was made by the gods. You can't fix it!
Moana: Next time, we'll be more careful. Te Ka was stuck on the barrier islands. It's lava. It can't go in the water. We can find another way around.
Maui: I'm not going back.
Moana: What? We still have to restore the heart.
Maui: My hook is cracked. One more hit and it's over.
Moana: Maui, you have to restore the heart!
Maui: Without my hook, I am nothing.
Moana: That's not true...
Maui: WITHOUT MY HOOK, I AM *NOTHING*!
Moana: We're only here 'cause you stole the heart in the first place.
Maui: No. We're here because the ocean told you you were special and you believed it.
Moana: I am Moana of Motonui. You will board my boat...
Maui: Goodbye, Moana.
Moana: ...sail across the sea...
Maui: I'm not killing myself so you can prove something you're not.
Moana: ...and restore the heart of Te Fiti. The ocean chose me!
Maui: It chose wrong.
Maui: You're measuring the stars, not giving the sky a high five.
Heihei: WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Moana: It's okay. You're all right. See? There we go. Nice water. The ocean is a friend of mine.
Moana: Heihei?
Moana: Te Ka can't follow us into the water. We make it past the barrier islands... we make it to Te Fiti. None of which you understand... because you are a chicken.
Gramma Tala: When I die, I'm going to come back as one of these.
Gramma Tala: Or I chose the wrong tattoo!
Moana: Why are you acting *weird*?
Gramma Tala: I'm the village crazy lady. That's my job.
Maui: Cheeeehoooo!
Moana: I know the way / I am *Moana*!
Moana: Hey!
Tamatoa: Huh?
Moana: I've got something shiny for ya!
Tamatoa: The Heart of Te Fiti!
Tamatoa: You cannot run from me!
Tamatoa: Oh, you *can* run from me! You keep surprising me!
Maui: Do you who Maui is? The greatest demigod that ever lived, who stopped the sun, who pulled up islands out of the sea, and battled monsters. Do you know why I know all this? That's because *I* am Maui!
Moana: Mmm! That is good pork!
Moana: Oh! I didn't mean... no, I wasn't... What? They're calling me, so I gotta... Bye!
Moana: We were voyagers! We were voyagers! We were voyagers!
Moana: Why did we stop.
Gramma Tala: *Maui.* When Maui stole from the mother island, darkness fell, Te Ka awoke, Monsters lurked, fishing boats stopped coming back. To protect our people, the ancient chiefs buried our past to be forgotten. Years have past and we have forgotten who we are. And now, the darkness has spread, taking our fish, draining life from island... after island!
Moana: *Our* island!
Gramma Tala: But one day, someone will leave our island, journey across the ocean, find Maui...
Gramma Tala: ...And restore the Heart of Te Fiti! I was there that day... the Ocean had chosen you.
Maui: Boat snack!
Maui: What's a demigod gotta do?
Gramma Tala: I like to dance with the water. The undertow on the waves. The water is mischievous.
Gramma Tala: Ha! I like how it misbehaves!
Gramma Tala: There is nowhere you could go that I won't be with you.
Maui: Hey! What am I gonna steer with?
Maui: They're just gonna kill ya!
Moana: *Coconuts.*
Moana: D-Dad! I was only *looking* at the boats! I *wasn't* gonna get on them.
Maui: If the current's warm you're going the right way.
Moana: It's cold. Wait, it's getting warmer...
Moana: Argh! That is *disgusting*! What is wrong with you?
Moana: Not seeing an entrance.
Maui: Yes, because it only appears after a human sacrifice.
Maui: Kidding! So serious.     