
Happy Hogan: You handle the suit. I'll handle the music.
Peter Parker: Oh, I love Led Zeppelin!
Quentin Beck: Don't ever apologize for being the smartest one in the room.
Nick Fury: We have a job to do, and you're coming with us.
Peter Parker: There's gotta be someone else you can use. What about Thor?
Nick Fury: Off-world.
Peter Parker: Doctor Strange
Maria Hill: Unavailable.
Peter Parker: Captain Marvel.
Nick Fury: Don't you invoke her name!
Peter Parker: I'm just your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
Nick Fury: Bitch, please! You've been to space.
Happy Hogan: I'm in love with Spider-Man's aunt!
Peter Parker: Everywhere I go, I see his face. I just really miss him.
Happy Hogan: Yeah, I miss him too. I don't think Tony would've done what he did, if he didn't know you were gonna be here after he was gone.
Pat Kiernan: We come to you now with revelations about last week's attack in London. An anonymous source provided this video, it shows Quentin Beck, aka, Mysterio, moments before his death. A warning: You may find this video disturbing.
Mysterio: I managed to send the Elemental back into the dimensional rift but I don't think I'm gonna make it off this bridge alive. Spider-Man attacked me for some reason. He has an army of weaponized drones, Stark technology. He's saying he's the only one who's gonna be the new Iron Man, no one else.
E.D.I.T.H.: Are you sure you want to commence the drone attack? There'll be significant causalities.
Spider-Man: Do it. Execute them all.
Pat Kiernan: This shocking video was released earlier today on the controversial news website 'thedailybugle.net.'
J. Jonah Jameson: There you have it folks: conclusive proof that Spider-Man was responsible for the brutal murder of Mysterio! An interdimensional warrior who gave his life to protect our planet, and who will no doubt, go down in history as the greatest superhero of all time! But that's not all folks, here's the real blockbuster. Brace yourselves, you might wanna sit down.
Mysterio: Spider-Man's real... Spider-Man's real name is - Spider-Man's name is Peter Parker!
Spider-Man: What the fu - !
Flash Thompson: He's all right. He's no Spider-Man.
MJ: What is it with you and Spider-Man?
Flash Thompson: What? He's just awesome, okay? He protects the neighborhood and, you know, he's inspiring. He's inspires me to be a better man.
Flash Thompson: What's up, dickwad? I thought you drowned.
Peter Parker: MJ, I...
MJ: ...am Spider-Man?
Peter Parker: No. Of course not!
MJ: I mean it's... kind of obvious.
Peter Parker: How could you do all of this?
Quentin Beck: You'll see, Peter. People... need to believe. And nowadays, they'll believe anything.
Happy Hogan: Heads-up. Nick Fury's calling you.
Peter Parker: I don't really wanna talk to Nick Fury.
Happy Hogan: Answer the phone.
Peter Parker: Why?
Happy Hogan: Because if you don't talk to him, I have to talk to him. I don't want to talk to him.
Happy Hogan: You sent Nick Fury to voicemail?
Peter Parker: I gotta go.
Happy Hogan: You do not ghost Nick Fury!
Happy Hogan: I gotta get you guys out of here! Get on the jet!
MJ: Who are you?
Happy Hogan: I work with Spider-Man!
Flash Thompson: You work for Spider-Man?
Happy Hogan: I work *with* Spider-Man, not *for* Spider-Man!
Happy Hogan: New plan!
Mysterio: It's easy to fool people when they're already fooling themselves.
Peter Parker: Peter Parker here to pick up a passport please!
Mysterio: If you were good enough, maybe Tony would still be alive.
Peter Parker: What's your password?
Happy Hogan: Password.
Peter Parker: No, what is your password?
Happy Hogan: Password. The word spelled out.
Peter Parker: You're head of security and your password is "password"?
Happy Hogan: I don't feel good about it either.
Peter Parker: I think Nick Fury just hijacked our summer vacation.
Ned Leeds: Awesome.
Police Officer: You're going to be the next Iron Man now?
Spider-Man: Well, no, I don't have time. I'm too busy doing your job.
Spider-Man: I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Look, you're gonna have to do your job for a couple weeks, okay? Because *I* am going on vacation.
Nick Fury: And this is Mr. Beck.
Peter Parker: Mysterio?
Quentin Beck: What?
Peter Parker: Doesn't matter. It's what my friends have been calling you.
Quentin Beck: Well, you can call me Quentin. You handled yourself well out there today. I saw that you did with the tower. We could use someone like you on my world.
Peter Parker: Thanks. I'm sorry. Your world?
Nick Fury: Mr. Beck is from Earth. Just not yours.
Quentin Beck: There are multiple realities. This is Earth Dimension 616. I'm from Earth 833.
Peter Parker: I'm sorry, you're saying there's a multiverse? 'Cause I thought that was theoretical. That changes how we understand the initial singularity. We're talking about an eternal inflation system. How does that even work with the quantum...? It's insane.
Mysterio: Fury asked me to check you were OK.
Peter Parker: That was nice.
Mysterio: You do have sarcasm on this world, don't you?
Happy Hogan: How does Cap do that?
Nick Fury: Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown. Stark said you wouldn't get that because it's not a Star Wars reference.
Maria Hill: Nick, this was a tragedy, but it's not why we're here. What are we fighting the weather now?
Nick Fury: Locals say the cyclone had a face.
Maria Hill: People see things when they're under stress.
Peter Parker: The world needs the next Iron Man.
Spider-Man: Excuse me, sir! I can help! Let me help! I'm really strong and I'm... sticky!
Mr. Dell: I came for science. I'm leaving 'cause of witches. Welcome to the new dark ages!
Mr. Harrington: Did I tell you how my wife pretended to blip out? Turns out she ran off with a guy in her hiking group. We had a fake funeral for her and everything... Well the funeral was real. 'Cause we thought she was really dead.
Peter Parker: Happy, is that you?
Happy Hogan: Is it me? Yeah, of course it's me!
Peter Parker: Stop! Tell me something only you would know!
Happy Hogan: Only I would know... Uh... Remember when we went to Germany? You pay-per-viewed a video in your room? They didn't list the titles but I could tell by the price that it was an adult film at the front desk, and you didn't know how I knew...
Peter Parker: Ok ok! Stop!
Mysterio: You are just a scared little kid in a sweatsuit. I created Mysterio to give the world someone to believe in. I control the truth; Mysterio *is* the truth!
Peter Parker: You can't trick me anymore.
MJ: You know, Susan Yang thinks you're a male escort.
Peter Parker: What? No! Of course I'm not a male escort.
MJ: Well then you're Spider-Man.
May Parker: Let's go. Where are your bags? Oh right! They got blown up.
May Parker: Hungry?
May Parker: You can dodge bullets but not bananas?
May Parker: I thought that you could sense that with your Peter-Tingle.
Peter Parker: Please stop saying "Tingle", May.
Ned Leeds: So, you know too. It's cool. I mean, I've known first and I've known longer but, it's not a competition.
MJ: Want to go in, on a pair?
Peter Parker: You mean like sit next to each other?
MJ: Yeah.
Nick Fury: Parker, you in position?
Peter Parker: No...
MJ: Okay... no?
Nick Fury: Why the hell not?
Peter Parker: Uh, I have like a sixth sense.
Happy Hogan: The Peter-Tingle!
Nick Fury: How's the suit?
Peter Parker: It's a little tight around the ol' web-shooter.
Happy Hogan: No-one dies on my watch.
Betty Brant: I would totally kiss you but I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Ned Leeds: I- I might have a mint.
Nick Fury: Beck! What's your four?
Quentin Beck: Hey William, I need a response!
William Ginter Riva: It's all the elementals they've all merged into something...
Quentin Beck: It's something else! Something more powerful! It's storing energy from the earth's core!
Nick Fury: See now that's some bullshit.
Flash Thompson: I post stupid videos daily for people to like me.
Happy Hogan: Hey, if it wasn't for those stupid videos, Spider-Man would have never found you.
Flash Thompson: Spider-Man...? Spider-Man follows me? I saved us, guys!
MJ: If you saved us, why are we about to die?
Flash Thompson: Yo, Parker! This is called an airplane. It's like the buses you're used to, except that it flies over the poor neighborhoods instead of driving through them.
Mr. Harrington: What do you think it is?
Mr. Dell: You know, being a man of science, witches.
Mr. Harrington: Just making rounds, seeing if anyone needs any emotional counseling after today's traumatic events.
Peter Parker: No we're okay. We're- we're fine. Thank you.
Mr. Harrington: Great. 'Cause, I'm not- I'm not qualified.
Happy Hogan: Hey, sorry I'm late.
May Parker: Happy! Hey.
Happy Hogan: Oh, you look lovely.
May Parker: Thank you, you too.
Happy Hogan: Thank you. New dress?
May Parker: Uh, yeah. Yes, it is. That's a new beard.
Happy Hogan: It's my blip beard, because I grew it in a blip. Blip beard.
May Parker: I see.
Spider-Man: What just happened?
Nick Fury: You got gifts, Parker. But you didn't want to be here. I'd love to have you in Berlin, but you've got to decide whether you're going to step up or not. Stark chose you. He made you an Avenger. I need that. The world needs that. Maybe Stark was wrong. The choice is yours.
Peter Parker: I've face a lot of deception, and I'm tired of the lies. So it's time for the truth to be out there. Are you dating?
Happy Hogan: Yes.
May Parker: Not really.
Happy Hogan: What? I think...
May Parker: It's a summer fling.
Happy Hogan: Yes, that evolves and grows like any other. Open to wherever it might lead.
May Parker: I still don't know where it's going to go. Anywhere. On or off.
Happy Hogan: And to share with people...
May Parker: But we'll always be friends, no matter what.
Peter Parker: I'm going to go, because I've got a date. Uh, bye.
Ned Leeds: I wasted my whole life playing videogames and we're gonna die!
Quentin Beck: See? That wasn't so hard. Somebody get this stupid costume off me!
Spider-Man: Let's keep it moving guys, I got a lot to do today!
Spider-Man: Alright, I'm gonna give this place one star.
Spider-Man: Just kidding, it's bulletproof!
Spider-Man: Guys, guys, I just wanted dressing on the side! Red bell pepper, anyone? That's it, I'm definitely not giving you a 20% tip!
Mr. Dell: Earth, wind, fire, water. Oh, no. They joined forces like the Power Rangers.
Mr. Harrington: You're thinking of Voltron.
Mr. Dell: Who?
Mr. Harrington: Voltron! You're thinking of Voltron!
Flash Thompson: BuzzFeed says there's a sailor, Morris Bench, who was exposed to an experimental underwater generator and got hydro powers.
MJ: Yeah, you should definitely believe everything you read on the Internet.
Flash Thompson: Spider-Man could take him.
Peter Parker: Hello.
The Seamstress: Close the door.
Peter Parker: Um... I'm Peter Parker.
The Seamstress: Take off your clothes.
Peter Parker: Excuse me?
The Seamstress: You told Fury Spider-Man cannot be seen in Europe. So I made you this, another suit.
Peter Parker: Oh, uh, thank you. I'm sure it fits fine. I don't need to try...
The Seamstress: Take off your clothes.
Peter Parker: Okay. Sure.
Peter Parker: This is embarrassing.
The Seamstress: Now. Hurry up.
Peter Parker: This is weird. Heh.
Peter Parker: No, no, no. Uh, don't...
Brad Davis: Whoa!
Peter Parker: Uh.
Brad Davis: Sorry. Uh, I thought this was the bathroom.
Peter Parker: This is not what it looks like! Just...
Brad Davis: Yeah.
Peter Parker: What are you doing? Brad...
Brad Davis: I'll leave you alone.
Peter Parker: Oh, my God. Don't shoot anybody.
Peter Parker: Brad? It's not what it looks like, buddy. Hey, man, look, that's...
Brad Davis: Look, Peter. I'm not here to judge your life choices, dude. If you want to hook up with some random European chick, that's on you.
Peter Parker: That's not what it was. Honestly.
Brad Davis: I can't pretend I didn't see what I just saw. I know you're trying to get with MJ. It's obvious. But I like her too.
Peter Parker: Wait a minute. Hey, hey. You cannot show her that photo, dude. Come on.
Brad Davis: I'm sorry, man. I have to. She deserves the truth.
E.D.I.T.H.: EDITH stands for Even dead, I'm the hero.
Spider-Man: Show's over, Beck.
Quentin Beck: These days, you can be the smartest guy in the room, the most qualified, and no one cares. Unless you're flying around with a cape, or shooting lasers with your hands, no one will even listen. Well, I've got a cape and lasers. With our technology, and with E.D.I.T.H., Mysterio will be the greatest hero on Earth! And then everyone will listen! Not to a boozy manchild, not to a hormonal teenager. To me, and to my very wealthy crew.
Happy Hogan: Nobody could live up to Tony, not even Tony. Tony was my best friend, and he was a mess. He second-guessed everything he did. He was all over the place.
Peter Parker: Go to the Eiffel Tower. Should be great.
MJ: Yeah, I read it was secretly built as a mind control antenna to create an army of the insane.     