
The Little Prince: it is only with heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
The Little Prince: Hey, come and play with me.
The Fox: I cannot play with you. I'm not tamed.
The Little Prince: I am looking for friends. What does that mean - tame?
The Fox: It is an act too often neglected," said the fox. "It means to establish ties.
The Little Prince: To establish ties?
The Fox: Just that," said the fox. "To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world.
The Aviator: You're going to make a wonderful adult.
The Little Girl: Once upon a time there was little prince who lived on a planet that was scarcely bigger than himself.
The Little Prince: What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
The Little Prince: If you love a flower that lives on a star, it is sweet to look at the sky at night. All the stars are a-bloom with flowers...
The Aviator: Growing up is not the problem, forgetting is.
Mr. Prince: I don't want to cry.
The Aviator: Hey. Hey. You hungry? I know a great place where we can get free pancakes on your birthday.
The Little Girl: But my birthday's not for two weeks.
The Aviator: They don't know that.
The Businessman: This is very, very, very bad for business.
Mr. Prince: Stop!
Mr. Prince: Take your hands off her.
The Businessman: What? Stop?
Mr. Prince: I-I'm not a failure.
The Businessman: Oh?
Mr. Prince: ...I'm The Little Prince.
The Businessman: What?... He thinks he's little! And a prince!
The Businessman: Look at me! I'm a bumblebee!
The Businessman: What are you? A duck?
The Businessman: He's hopeless.
Mr. Prince: ...I'm not hopeless.
Mr. Prince: I'm hopeful. That's right, I'm full of hope! And I love a rose!
Mr. Prince: And she loves me, and she's waiting for me! So... I don't think I wanna work for you anymore.
Mr. Prince: And um...
Mr. Prince: ... I quit.
Mr. Prince: I quit!
The Businessman: There, you see? The inessential has become perfectly essential.
The Businessman: How it should be for all things.
The Businessman: Take her back to the classroom. Make sure no one interferes.
The Little Girl: No! Let me go, I can't...
The Conceited Man: Stop!
The Little Girl: Don't let them do this to me!
The Conceited Man: I said stop!
Mr. Prince: ... Wait.
The Businessman: Wait? I've given you 371 jobs, and you have been fired from 370 of them. I think it's time you go back to work, my little failure.
The Aviator: Once, when I was six years old, I read a book about the primeval forest. The book said, "Boa constrictors swallow their prey whole, without chewing it."
The Aviator: I pondered this deeply. And then, I did my first drawing. I showed my masterpiece to grown-ups and asked if the drawing frightened them.
Grown-up: Frightened? Why should anyone be frightened of a hat?
The Aviator: Grown-ups. They never understand anything by themselves.
The Aviator: Do you have a driver's license?
The Little Girl: No.
The Aviator: A learner's permit?
The Little Girl: No.
The Aviator: How old are you?
The Conceited Man: Why are you so small?
The Little Girl: Because I'm a child.
The Conceited Man: That is absolutely not allowed here!     