
Jason Treborn: You can't change who people are without destroying who they were.
Evan: If anyone finds this, it means my plan didn't work and I'm already dead. But if I can somehow go back to the beginning of all of this, I might be able to save her.
Title Card: It has been said something as small as the flutter of a butterfly's wing can ultimately cause a typhoon halfway around the world. - Chaos Theory
Dr. Redfield: Just think of your mind as a movie, you can pause, rewind or slow down any details you want.
Evan: I just thought that you should know.
Kayleigh Miller: Know what?
Evan: That you were happy once... with me.
Kayleigh Miller: You know there's one major hole in your story, there is no fucking way on this planet, nor any other I would ever be in some fucking sorority.
Evan: You were happy there...
Evan at 7: What time is it?
Mr. George Miller: It's time for you to do what I tell you to do.
Evan at 7: Wrong answer, fuckbag. This is the very moment of your reckoning. In the next 30 seconds you're gonna open up one of two doors. The first door will forever traumatize your own flesh and blood.
Mr. George Miller: What, what, what's happening? How are you doing this?
Evan at 7: It'll change your daughter from a beautiful child into an empty shell whose only concept of trust was betrayed by her own sick pedophile father. Ultimately? It'll lead to her suicide. Nice work, Daddy.
Mr. George Miller: Who are you?
Evan at 7: Let's just say you're being closely watched, George. Your other option is to treat Kayleigh like, say, like a loving father treats his daughter. Sound okay to you, Papa?
Mr. George Miller: Yes.
Evan at 7: Listen close then, fuckbag. You screw this up again - I'll flat-out castrate you. What you need to do, is discipline your son Tommy, 'cause the kid is one sadistic pup. One last thing...
Kayleigh at 7: Don't ever touch me again!
Mr. George Miller: I won't.
Evan: Where's Kayleigh?
Lenny: Who's Kayleigh?
Lenny: You want me to take you to the doctor?
Evan: No, I think everything's gonna be all right this time.
Evan's note to Kayleigh: I'll come back for you.
Evan: When we were kids, your dad was making a movie about "Robin Hood" or something...
Kayleigh Miller: What do you want to know, Evan?
Evan: Is... Did he... What happened in the basement?
Kayleigh Miller: Look, it was a long time ago. Is that why you came all the way back here? To ask a lot of stupid questions about "Robin Hood"?
Evan: No, I... I just think something really bad might've happened.
Kayleigh Miller: Is there a point to any of this?
Evan: Look... whatever happened, it wasn't our fault, we were kids. I mean, there is nothing that we could do to have deserved or could've done...
Kayleigh Miller: Just shut up, Evan, you're wasting your breath.
Evan: You can't hate yourself because your dad's a twisted freak.
Kayleigh Miller: Who are you trying to convince, Evan? You come all the way back here to stir up my shit just because you have a bad memory? What? Do you want me to just cry on your shoulder and tell you everything's all better now? Well fuck you, Evan. Nothing's all better, okay? Nothing ever gets better. You know, if I was so wonderful Evan, why didn't you call me? Why did you just leave me here to rot?
Mr. George Miller: Evan! Put that out, or you'll blow off both your hands!
Evan at 7: Been there, done that.
Tommy: You forgot to put the toaster on the ledge.
Evan: Lenny likes Poptarts. You guys are all the better now.
Tommy: I know it's hard but you can't give up.
Evan: I can't even fucking kill myself.
Tommy: Don't talk like that.
Evan: I lost you once and I'm not losing you again.
Evan Treborn at 13: You really have no clue how beautiful you are, do you?
Thumper: Maybe there's a reason you repressed the day some pervert had you in your tighty-whities.
Thumper: I'd think twice about what you're doing. You could wake up a lot more fucked up than you are now.
Evan: More fucked up than I already am? You think you know me? *I* don't know me!
Evan: What the fuck is this?
Kayleigh: So, how's tricks? Sorry, occupational humor.
Evan: I got it.
Kayleigh: Nothing's all better, okay? Nothing ever gets better!
Jason Treborn: You can't play God son.
Tommy: True happiness can only be achieved through sacrifice, like the sacrifices our parents have made for us to be here today.
Kayleigh: Woo-hoo! Great, Tommy!
Evan: I'm just running a little late. Yeah, I had to finish up with the patients. Well, get the soup or something. All right. Love you, mom. Bye-bye.
Evan: Jesus speaks to me in my dreams.
Dr. Redfield: There are no journals.
Evan: Yeah, you remember me? We had a nice chat once when I was seven...
Evan: Give me the Greek alphabet. Give it to me! "Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh?" Alpha, beta, gamma, delta, epsilon, zeta, eta, theta, iota, kappa, lambda, mu, nu, xi, omicron, pi, rho, sigma, tau, upsilon, phi, chi, psi, omega, Sir! Maybe that's what it is!
Nazi Inmate #1: Shit on my dick, or blood on my knife?
Kayleigh: Hurry up, I want a quickie before school!
Evan: So, do you think it might have worked?
Kayleigh: Yeah... But that's not how things wound up... I'm with Lenny, Lenny is your friend... and that's where it ends.
Evan: Well... Would it make a difference if I told you that no one could possibly ever love anyone as much as I love you?
Evan: ...I'm not saying that, I am just saying it like if you were a girl, would that be something you would want to hear?
Lenny at 13: Wait a minute, I'm not touching this thing. Look how small the fuse is. I'll get busted.
Evan Treborn at 13: Here. That should give you two minutes.
Lenny at 13: Gee, thanks, friend.
Evan: Hey Thumper, you got the time?
Thumper: Whatsa matter, you lost your Rolex? Fuck you frat-boy!
Evan: Are you walking home? Can I walk you?
Evan: You're the girl that was with those assholes throwing popcorn at Thumper... and your name is Gwen... I know you.
Gwen: Seriously Evan, lay off the blow.
Tommy at 13: What are you doing?
Andrea: Don't worry. You have plenty of time.
Mr. George Miller: Take off your clothes, just like we do at bath time. You too, Evan.
Evan: So, should I suck your dick now?
Kayleigh Miller: Where'd you learn those new tricks?
Evan: What? It... it wasn't... weird... was it?
Kayleigh Miller: Yeah, if you call multiple orgasms weird!
Frat Guy: Shower that, bitch.
Professor Carter: So, how'd you do, Evan?
Evan: I don't know. I might have got some of the stories mixed up. Was it Pavlov that conditioned his dog to lick his nuts?
Professor Carter: You're a double psych major and a complete wise-ass.
Evan: Fuck Bag.
Evan: Shit, no arms.     