
Jim's Mother: 'With endless love, we left you sleeping. Now we're sleeping with you. Don't wake up. X'
Writing on a Wall: 'Repent, The End Is Extremely Fucking Nigh'
Jim: That was longer than a heart beat.
Mark: A man walks into a bar with a giraffe. They both get pissed. The giraffe falls over. The man goes to leave and the bartender says, 'Oi. You can't leave that lyin' there.' And the man says, 'No. It's not a lion. It's a giraffe.'
Mark: Completely humorless. You two should get on, like a house on fire.
Selena: Hannah, it's okay! He's not infected.
Hannah: But I thought he was biting you.
Jim: Kissing. I was kissing her. Are you stoned?
Selena: It's a long story.
Jim: Oh, great, Valium. Not only will we be able to get to sleep, but if we're attacked in the middle of the night, we won't even care.
Jim: Oh, no. No, see-see, this is a really shit idea. You know why? Because it's really obviously a shit idea. So, we're just gonna drive in the tunnel full of fuckin' smashed cars and broken glass. It's really fuckin' obviously a shit idea!
Frank: Hold on!
Selena: Where are you going?
Selena: We've got enough food, Jim.
Jim: We don't have any cheeseburgers.
Jim: So, know what I was thinking?
Selena: You were thinking that you'll never hear another piece of original music ever again. You'll never read another book that hasn't already been written... or see a film that hasn't already been shot.
Jim: Um, that's what you were thinking.
Frank: Mmm... Irradiated.
Sergeant Farrell: Well, I think Bill's got a point. If you look at the whole life of the planet, we, you know, man has only been around for a few blinks of an eye. So, if the infection wipes us all out... that is a return to normality.
Frank: You'd never think it... needing rain so badly. Not in fucking England!
Selena: Have you got any plans, Jim? Do you want us to find a cure and save the world or just fall in love and fuck? Plans are pointless. Staying alive is as good as it gets.
Major Henry West: This is what I've seen in the four weeks since infection. People killing people, which is much what I saw in the four weeks before infection, and the four weeks before that, and before that, and as far back as I care to remember. People killing people, which to my mind, puts us in a state of normality right now.
Jim: What about the government?
Selena: There's no government.
Jim: Of course there's a government! There's always a government. They're in, a bunker or a plane.
Mark: No, there's no government. No police. No Army. No TV. No radio. No electricity. You're the first uninfected person we've seen in six days.
Jim: I got a headache.
Selena: Bad?
Jim: Yeah, it's pretty bad.
Selena: Well, why didn't you say anything before?
Jim: Well, because I didn't think you'd give a shit.
Jim: Hey, don't do that. Look, Hannah is what Frank says she is, okay? She's tough, and she's strong, and she'll cope, just like I'll cope, and just like you'll cope.
Selena: I don't want her to have to fuckin' cope. I want her to be okay. When Hannah had her dad, it was okay. It was okay for them, and it was okay for us. Now, it's all just fucked.
Major Henry West: I promised them women.
Jim: What?
Major Henry West: Eight days ago I found Jones with his gun in his mouth. He said he was going to kill himself, because there was no future. What could I say to him? We fight off the infected or we wait until they starve to death, and then what? What do nine men do, except wait to die themselves? I moved us from the blockade. I set the radio broadcasting, and I promised them women... because women mean a future.
Private Jones: Mitch, I fucking got one!
Corporal Mitchell: What you want, a fuckin' sweetie? Keep shootin', you cunt!
Mark: I remember my dad had all this cash, even though cash was completely useless. About 20,000 other people had the same idea. The crowd was surging. I lost my grip on my sister's hand. I remember the ground was soft. I looked down, and I was standing on all these people, like a carpet. People who had fallen, and somewhere in the crowd, there were infected. It spread fast. No one could run, all you could do was climb... climb over more people. So, I did that, I climbed and I got up on top of this Kiosk. Looking down, you couldn't tell which faces were infected, and which weren't. Then, I saw my dad, not my mum or my sister. My dad. His face... Selena's right. You should be grateful.
Selena: It started as rioting. And right from the beginning you knew this was different, because it was happening in small villages, market towns, and then, it wasn't on the TV any more. It was in the street outside. It was coming through your windows. It was a virus, an infection. You didn't need a doctor to tell you that. It was the blood. There was something in the blood. By the time they tried to evacuate the cities, it was already too late. The infection was everywhere. The Army blockades were overrun and that's when the exodus started. The day before the TV and radio stopped broadcasting there were reports of infection in Paris and New York. We didn't hear anything more after that.
Selena: We're gonna eat these, Hannah, okay? Come on - You eat these. Eat these.
Hannah: Are you trying to kill me?
Selena: No, sweetheart. I'm making you not care.
Selena: Let's shop.
Scientist: In order to cure. You must understand.
Activist: Infected with what?
Scientist: Rage.
Jim: Look, I'm a bicycle carrier. I was riding a package from, uh, Farringdon to Shaftesbury Avenue, and a car cuts across me. Then, I wake up today in a hospital. I wake up and I'm - I'm hallucinating, or I'm...
Mark: What's your name?
Jim: Jim.
Mark: I'm Mark, this is Selena.
Mark: Okay, Jim. I've got some bad news.
Jim: The world's worst place to get a flat, huh?
Frank: Agreed. I think we'd better do this quick.
Norwegian Pilot: Naw, I didn't see anything.
Selena: Do you think he saw us this time?
Sergeant Farrell: Starting the world again when the rest of the fuckin' world hasn't even stopped! Just imagine... just think about it. How could infection cross the oceans? How could it cross the mountains and the rivers? They already stopped it! Right now, TV's are playing, and planes are flying in the sky, and the rest of the world is continuing as fuckin' normal. Think! Actually think about it. What would you do with a diseased little island? They quarantined us. 'There is no infection. Just people killing people.' He's insane!
Selena: Look, if someone gets infected you've got between ten and twenty seconds to kill them. It might be your brother, or your sister, or your oldest friend. It makes no difference. And just so you know where you stand, if it happens to you, I'll do it in a heartbeat.
Major Henry West: Salvation is here. The answer to infection is here. If you can hear this, you're not alone. There are others like you. There are others like you. There are other survivors. We are soldiers, and we are armed. And we can protect you. Our location is the 42nd blockade in the M-602, twenty-seven miles northeast of Manchester. You must find us. Salvation is here.
Frank: Just so you know, I don't take checks or credit cards.
Selena: Don't take anything that needs to be cooked, okay?
Jim: I think you can eat that raw.
Frank: 'Takes out the fire, but leaves in the warmth.'
Selena: Mmm! Oh, my God! I can, like, taste the Vitamin C.
Jim: Mmm. The raisins are so moist.
Hannah: What did you say?
Jim: The raisins, huh? They're still moist!
Frank: Get out of it!
Frank: Get out of it!
Hannah: I don't want to eat.
Major Henry West: You must eat, Hannah.
Hannah: I don't want to eat. I want to bury my dad. He's one of the people you're talking about.
Hannah: What are we gonna do now? Selena? What are we gonna do now?
Selena: We move.
Jim: You think I don't get it but, um, I do get it. And I know I'd be dead already, if I hadn't met you.
Selena: Sure.
Jim: No, look. I mean, thank you.
Selena: And I mean, sure.
Hannah: Anyway, it isn't true what dad said. You need us just the same, as we need you. We need each other, and we'll never be safe in the cities. The soldiers could keep us safe. So, we have to try and get there.
Selena: I was thinking I was wrong.
Jim: About what?
Selena: All the death. All the shit. It doesn't really mean anything to Frank and Hannah because... well, she's got her dad, and he's got his daughter, so - I was wrong when I said that staying alive is as good as it gets.
Jim: See, that's what I was thinking.
Selena: Was it?
Jim: Hmm. You stole my thought.
Selena: Sorry.
Jim: That's okay. You can keep it.
Frank: Shh! You're having a bad dream, that's all.
Jim: Thanks, Dad.
Frank: We have to go.
Selena: Yeah.
Frank: Go fucking where!
Frank: Hannah, I love you very much.
Hannah: What?
Frank: Keep away from me. Stay where you are.
Hannah: Dad?
Frank: Keep away from me!
Hannah: Dad?
Frank: Keep away from me! Keep away from me! Keep away! Keep away!
Hannah: Dad!
Major Henry West: Have you met our new age Sergeant?
Major Henry West: Tell me, Farrell, why exactly did you join the army?
Jim: Please...
Corporal Mitchell: Believe me, I'm not interested.
Activist: Bingo.
Activist: Fucking hell.
Selena: They probably need us more than we need them.
Activist: I'm burning!
Activist: What the fuck is a matter with her?
Scientist: We have to kill her!
Jim: Where's your family?
Mark: They're dead, like Selena's.
Selena: Yours will be dead, too.
Mark: So, lesson one - You never go anywhere alone, unless you've got no choice. And lesson two - Only travel during daylight, unless you've got no choice. We'll take you tomorrow. We'll all go and find your dead parents together, okay?
Selena: More infected will be coming. They always do.
Jim: How did you know? I mean, how did you know he was infected?
Selena: The blood.
Jim: Yeah, but there was blood everywhere. It was on me. It was on you.
Selena: I didn't know he was infected, okay? Only he knew. I could see it in his eyes.
Selena: Do you need a break?
Jim: You?
Selena: No.
Jim: Now, I do need a break, by the way.
Selena: Very spruce.
Jim: Very shredded.
Jim: I think they're good people.
Selena: Good people?
Jim: Yeah.
Selena: Well, that's nice, but you should be more concerned about whether they're gonna slow you down.
Jim: Right, because if they slowed you down...
Selena: I'd leave them behind.
Jim: In a heartbeat.
Selena: Yeah.
Jim: I wouldn't.
Selena: Then you're gonna wind up getting yourself killed.
Jim: Hey, Selena!
Selena: What? What is it?
Jim: How'd you get to sleep?
Selena: Come on, sleepyhead! Come on, Babe Ruth.
Frank: Hurry up.
Jim: Oh, no. Did I miss breakfast!
Major Henry West: And lastly, meet Mailer.
Major Henry West: Mailer, Jim. Jim, Mailer. Got infected two days ago. Mitchell managed to knock him out cold, and we got a chain around his neck.
Jim: You're keeping him alive?
Major Henry West: The idea was to learn something about infection. Have him teach me.
Jim: And is he?
Major Henry West: In a way. He's telling me he'll never bake bread, farm crops, raise livestock. He's telling me he's futureless. And eventually he'll tell me how long the infected take to starve to death.
Major Henry West: Since it began, who have you killed? You wouldn't be alive now, if you hadn't killed somebody.
Sergeant Farrell: Smithers says, 'Women and semen don't mix.' And Mr. Burns says, 'We all know what you think, Smithers.' And that was my favorite joke in 'The Simpsons.' See, that's what they're doing a few hundred miles away, across the channel, across the Atlantic. They're eating dinner, and they're watching 'The fuckin' Simpsons'. They're sleeping in their beds, next to their wives. But we are here, chained to a fuckin' radiator, because the O.C. has gone insane!
Private Jones: Oh, no. We're fucked. We're fucked.
Corporal Mitchell: Relax. He's over the wall. He's got no vehicle, no shooter. He's dead.
Private Bell: I haven't got any bullets. I haven't got any fuckin' bullets!
Private Bell: Don't fuckin' leave me!
Corporal Mitchell: It's just you and me now, darlin', but don't worry. I'm gonna get you out of here. Then, we're gonna find a nice little fuckin' place somewhere. Just you and me, and we'll live happily ever after, eh?
Hannah: They're locked. The gates are locked!
Jim: Just fuckin' do it!
Jim: You looked all right in this, you know?
Jim: Hello?
Major Henry West: You killed all my boys.
Jim: Wait.
Frank: What do you think?
Selena: It's the most direct route to the other side of the river.
Jim: No - No - No, then we should take the most indirect route. The one that's in broad daylight and that's not underground.
Frank: Let's just get it done.
Selena: If I never see another chocolate bar again, it will be too soon.
Selena: 'Terry's Chocolate Orange', of course!
Corporal Mitchell: Fucking hell! He bounced!
Sergeant Farrell: Cease fire!
Corporal Mitchell: I ain't never seen anything like that in my fuckin' life!
Corporal Mitchell: You wanna get your hands on a really big chopper, you just come and see me.
Selena: Fuck you!
Corporal Mitchell: How about right now?
Major Henry West: I want to give you a chance. You could be with us, but I can't let them go.
Major Henry West: Okay, Jim. Okay.
Major Henry West: Him, too.
Sergeant Farrell: Mitchell! I swear to God, it's gonna end badly for you!
Sergeant Farrell: Come on then, you fuckin' pansies! Do me, first.
Private Jones: No, Mitch. Mitch, just use the gat.
Sergeant Farrell: So, you're gonna stick me, Mitchell? Is that it?
Private Jones: Mitch, just shoot him!
Corporal Mitchell: Why?
Private Jones: Because it's fuckin' quicker!
Sergeant Farrell: Is that how you're gonna let your Sergeant go out, Jones?
Private Jones: I'll fuckin' shoot 'em, then!
Corporal Mitchell: No you won't!
Sergeant Farrell: You're gonna stick me, like a fuckin' dog?
Corporal Mitchell: I'm gonna enjoy this!
Private Jones: What was that?
Corporal Mitchell: Lightning.
Private Jones: I heard something. It sounded like a claymore to me.
Corporal Mitchell: All right. I'll hit the floods. Take a butcher's.
Corporal Mitchell: Girls, keep an eye on him, will ya?
Hannah: They've been a long time. What are you gonna do, if they don't come back? Will you be the officer if Henry is dead? Is that the way it works?
Private Jones: Shut up.
Hannah: I don't think they are coming back. I think they've been killed.
Private Jones: I said shut up!
Selena: Hannah.
Hannah: They're dead... and you're gonna be next.
Selena: We're gonna get out of here. Stay with it. Stay with me.
Hannah: Don't worry. I feel fine, really.
Corporal Mitchell: Hey! Where the fuck are you going, eh? What's all the fuckin' shouting about?
Corporal Mitchell: Well, don't just stand there, you sloppy cunt! Get after 'em!
Jim: Listen. Listen to me. He's still all fucked. We're gonna be okay. He's still all fucked. We're gonna be okay. I've got to explain something.
Selena: Shut up!
Jim: I've seen something. It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay.
Selena: Come on, Jim. Breathe! Fuckin' breathe!
Fighter Pilot: Will you send a helicopter?
Selena: Do you think he saw us this time?
Private Bell: We'll have eggs again, once everything's back to normal.
Corporal Mitchell: Ah, you moppet! I mean, look at him, eh? Look - He's still waiting for Marks and Spencer's to re-open.     