
Maxim de Winter: I'm asking you to marry me, you little fool.
Mrs. de Winter: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.
Mrs. Danvers: I watched you go down just as I watched her a year ago. Even in the same dress you couldn't compare.
The Second Mrs. de Winter: You knew it! You knew that she wore it, and yet you deliberately suggested I wear it. Why do you hate me? What have I done to you that you should ever hate me so?
Mrs. Danvers: You tried to take her place. You let him marry you. I've seen his face - his eyes. They're the same as those first weeks after she died. I used to listen to him, walking up and down, up and down, all night long, night after night, thinking of her, suffering torture because he lost her!
The Second Mrs. de Winter: I don't want to know, I don't want to know!
Mrs. Danvers: You thought you could be Mrs. de Winter, live in her house, walk in her steps, take the things that were hers! But she's too strong for you. You can't fight her - no one ever got the better of her. Never, never. She was beaten in the end, but it wasn't a man, it wasn't a woman. It was the sea!
The Second Mrs. de Winter: Oh, stop it! Stop it! Oh, stop it!
Mrs. Danvers: You're overwrought, madam. I've opened a window for you. A little air will do you good.
Mrs. Danvers: Why don't you go? Why don't you leave Manderley? He doesn't need you... he's got his memories. He doesn't love you, he wants to be alone again with her. You've nothing to stay for. You've nothing to live for really, have you?
Mrs. Danvers: Look down there. It's easy, isn't it? Why don't you? Why don't you? Go on. Go on. Don't be afraid...
Mrs. de Winter: He had a theory that if you should find one perfect thing, or place or person, you should stick to it. Do you think that's very silly?
Maxim de Winter: No, i'm a firm believer in that myself.
Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: Most girls would give their eyes for the chance to see Monte!
Maxim de Winter: Wouldn't that rather defeat the purpose?
The Second Mrs. de Winter: I want you to get rid of all these things.
Mrs. Danvers: But these are Mrs. de Winter's things.
The Second Mrs. de Winter: *I* am Mrs. de Winter now!
Maxim de Winter: I can't forget what it's done to you. I've been thinking of nothing else since it happened. It's gone forever, that funny young, lost look I loved won't ever come back. I killed that when I told you about Rebecca. It's gone. In a few hours, you've grown so much older.
Maxim de Winter: Please promise me never to wear black satin or pearls... or to be 36 years old.
Maxim de Winter: She was incapable of love or tenderness or decency.
Maxim de Winter: Happiness is something I know nothing about.
The Second Mrs. de Winter: I've been thinking...
Maxim de Winter: Now why would you want to go and do that for?
The Second Mrs. de Winter: No, it's not too late. You're not to say that. I love you more than anything in the world. Oh, please Maxim, kiss me please.
Maxim de Winter: No, it's no use. It's too late.
Maxim de Winter: "I'll make a bargain with you," she said. "You'd look rather foolish trying to divorce me now after four days of marriage. So I'll play the part of a devoted wife, mistress of your precious Manderley. I'll make it the most famous showplace in England if you like. Then, people will visit us and envy us, and say we're the luckiest, happiest, couple in the country. What a grand show it will be! What a triumph!"
Maxim de Winter: You thought I loved Rebecca? You thought that? I hated her!
Mrs. Danvers: Did you ever see anything so delicate?
Mrs. Danvers: Look, you can see my hand through it!
Maxim de Winter: That's not the Northern lights. That's Manderley!
Mrs. Danvers: You wouldn't think she'd been gone so long, would you? Sometimes, when I walk along the corridor, I fancy I hear her just behind me. That quick light step, I couldn't mistake it anywhere. It's not only in this room, it's in all the rooms in the house. I can almost hear it now.
Mrs. Danvers: Do you think the dead come back and watch the living?
The Second Mrs. de Winter: N-no, I don't believe it.
Mrs. Danvers: Sometimes, I wonder if she doesn't come back here to Manderley, to watch you and Mr. de Winter together. You look tired. Why don't you stay here a while and rest, and listen to the sea? It's so soothing. Listen to it.
Mrs. Danvers: Listen. Listen to the sea.
Maxim de Winter: I knew where Rebecca's body was, lying on that cabin floor on the bottom of the sea.
Mrs. de Winter: How did you know, Maxim?
Maxim de Winter: Because... I put it there.
Mrs. de Winter: I wish I were a woman of 36, dressed in black satin with a string of pearls!
Maxim de Winter: You wouldn't be here with me if you were.
Mrs. Danvers: Go ahead. Jump. He never loved you, so why go on living? Jump and it will all be over...
Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: Tennis lessons my foot!
Jack Favell: I'd like to have your advice on how to live comfortably without hard work.
Major Giles Lacy: Strong man, Old man.
Mrs. Danvers: She knew everyone that mattered. Everyone loved her.
Mrs. Danvers: Oh, you've moved her brush, haven't you?
Mrs. Danvers: There, that's better. Just as she always laid it down. "Come on, Danny, hair drill," she would say.
Mrs. Danvers: And I'd stand behind her like this and brush away for twenty minutes at a time.
Mrs. Danvers: Then she would say, "Good night, Danny," and step into her bed.
Jack Favell: I say, marriage with Max is not exactly a bed of roses, is it?
Policeman: Is this your car, sir ?
Jack Favell: Yes.
Policeman: Will you be going soon ? This isn't a parking place, you know.
Jack Favell: Oh, isn't it ? People are entitled... to leave their cars outside if they want to. It's a pity some of you fellows haven't anything better to do!
Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: Have you been doing anything you shouldn't?
Colonel Julyan: Well, let me tell you something, Favell: blackmail isn't so pure nor so simple, and it brings a great deal of trouble to a great many people before it's through, and we know how to deal with it in our part of the world. And, sometimes, the blackmailer finds *himself* in jail at the end of it!
Maxim de Winter: My suggestion doesn't seem to have gone at all well, i'm sorry.
The Second Mrs. de Winter: Oh, but you don't understand! It's that I... well I'm not the sort of person men marry.
Mrs. de Winter: I wish I were a woman of 36, dressed in black satin with a string of pearls!
Jack Favell: You know, old boy, I have a strong feeling... that before the day is out, somebody's going to make use of that... rather expressive, though somewhat old-fashioned term ''foul play.''
Mrs. Danvers: I watched you go down, just as I watched her a year ago. Even in the same dress, you couldn't compare.
Maxim de Winter: Have a look at "The Times"; there's a thrilling article on what's the matter with English cricket!
Maxim de Winter: It wouldn't make for sanity, would it, living with the devil.
Mrs. de Winter: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. It seemed to me I stood by the iron gate leading to the drive, and for a while I could not enter, for the way was barred to me. Then, like all dreamers, I was possessed of a sudden with supernatural powers and passed like a spirit through the barrier before me. The drive wound away in front of me, twisting and turning as it had always done. But as I advanced, I was aware that a change had come upon it. Nature had come into her own again, and little by little had encroached upon the drive with long, tenacious fingers. On and on wound the poor thread that had once been our drive, and finally there was Manderley. Manderley - secretive and silent. Time could not mar the perfect symmetry of those walls. Moonlight can play odd tricks upon the fancy, and suddenly it seemed to me that light came from the windows. And then a cloud came upon the moon and hovered an instant like a dark hand before a face. The illusion went with it. I looked upon a desolate shell with no whisper of the past about its staring walls. We can never go back to Manderley again. That much is certain. But sometimes, in my dreams I do go back to the strange days of my life, which began for me in the South of France.
The Second Mrs. de Winter: Good evening, Mr. DeWinter.
Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: The trouble is, wiith me laid up like this, you haven't had enough to do.     