
Alicia: Say it again, it keeps me awake.
Devlin: I love you.
Alicia: This is a very strange love affair.
Devlin: Why?
Alicia: Maybe the fact that you don't love me.
Devlin: A man doesn't tell a woman what to do. She tells herself.
Captain Paul Prescott: I don't like this, I don't like her coming here.
Walter Beardsley: She's had me worried for some time. A woman of that sort.
Devlin: What sort is that, Mr. Beardsley?
Walter Beardsley: Oh, I don't think any of us have any illusions about her character. Have we, Devlin?
Devlin: Not at all, not in the slightest. Miss Huberman is first, last, and always not a lady. She may be risking her life, but when it comes to being a lady, she doesn't hold a candle to your wife, sitting in Washington, playing bridge with three other ladies of great honor and virtue.
Alicia: There's nothing like a love song to give you a good laugh.
Alicia: Don't ever leave me.
Devlin: You'll never get rid of me again.
Alicia: Never tried to.
Eric Mathis: Alex, will you come in, please? I wish to talk to you.
Madame Sebastian: We are protected by the enormity of your stupidity, for a time.
Devlin: I knew her before you, loved her before you, only I'm not as lucky as you...
Alicia: You're sore because you've fallen for a little drunk you tamed in Miami and you don't like it. It makes you sick all over, doesn't it? People will laugh at you, the invincible Devlin, in love with someone who isn't worth even wasting the words on.
Madame Sebastian: Wouldn't it be a little too much if we both grinned at her like idiots.
Alicia: I'm terrified.
Devlin: Just pretend you're a janitor. Janitors are never terrified.
Alicia: I have a feeling they're very slow.
Alicia: My car is outside.
Devlin: Naturally.
Alicia: Dev, is that you? I'm glad you're late. This chicken took longer than I expected. I hope it isn't done too much. It caught fire once.
Devlin: Dry your eyes, baby; it's out of character.
Alexander Sebastian: I am married to an American agent.
Alicia: You can add Sebastian's name to my list of playmates.
Alicia: Why should I?
Devlin: Patriotism.
Alicia: That word gives me a pain.
Alicia: When he told me a few years ago what he was, everything went to pot. I didn't care what happened to me. Now I remember how nice he once was, how nice we both were. It's a very curious feeling, a feeling as if something had happened to me, not to him. You see I don't have to hate him anymore - or myself.
Alexander Sebastian: An old friend is never an extra guest.
Alicia: Look, I'll make it easy for you. The time has come when you must tell me you have a wife and two adorable children... and this madness between us can't go on any longer.
Devlin: Bet you've heard that line often enough.
Alicia: Right below the belt every time. That isn't fair, Dev.
Alicia: Well, did you hear that? I'm practically on the wagon, that's quite a change.
Devlin: It's a phase.
Alicia: You don't think a woman can change?
Devlin: Sure, change is fun, for awhile.
Alicia: This fog gets me.
Devlin: That's your hair in your eyes.
Alexander Sebastian: I'm not afraid to die.
Devlin: You've got your chance, here and now.
Alicia: Alex has the key to that.
Devlin: Then, get it from him.
Alicia: Get it? How?
Devlin: Don't you live near him?
Devlin: You don't look so hot. Sick?
Alicia: No. Hangover.
Devlin: That's news. Back to bottle again, huh?
Alicia: It sort of... lightens my chores.
Alicia: Dev, is that you? I am glad you are late. This chicken took longer than I expected... what did they say? Hope it isn't done too - too much. Of course, i-it caught fire once... I think it's better if I cut it up out here, unless you want a half of one for yourself. We're going to have knives and forks, after all, I've decided we're going to eat in style. Marriage must be wonderful with this sort of thing going on everyday.
Alicia: Waving the flag with one hand and picking pockets with the other, that's your "patriotism".
Alicia: What does the speedometer say?
Devlin: 65.
Alicia: I want to make it 80 and wipe that grin off your face.
Ethel: Where are you going?
Mr. Hopkins: Fishing.
Ethel: At this time of night? You're mad.
Mr. Hopkins: What's the difference? There's no fish, day or night.
Devlin: I couldn't see straight or think straight. I was a fat-headed guy, full of pain.
Devlin: What's new?
Alicia: Oh, nothing. What's new with you?
Devlin: Nothing.
Alicia: I guess I'm the girl nobody remembers.
Devlin: I can't help recalling some of your remarks about being a new woman. Daisies and buttercups, wasn't it?
Alicia: You idiot! What are you sore about, you knew very well what I was doing!
Devlin: Did I?
Alicia: You could have stopped me with one word, but no, you wouldn't. You threw me at him!
Devlin: I threw you at nobody.
Alicia: Didn't you tell me what I had?
Devlin: A man doesn't tell a woman what to do; she tells herself. You almost had me believing in that little hokey-pokey miracle of yours, that a woman like you could change her spots.
Alicia: Oh, you're rotten.
Devlin: That's why I didn't try to stop you. The answer had to come from you.
Alicia: I see. Some kind of love test.
Devlin: That's right.
Alicia: I've told you before, Mr. Devlin doesn't mean a thing to me.
Alexander Sebastian: I'd like to be convinced. Would you maybe care to convince me, Alicia, that Mr. Devlin means nothing to you?
Alicia: Here's something that belongs to you. I should have given it to you sooner.
Devlin: What is it?
Alicia: A scarf you lent me once in Miami.
Alicia: How about we... have a picnic?
Alicia: Do you love me, Commodore?
Commodore: You're a very beautiful woman.
Alicia: I'll have another drink to appreciate that.
Devlin: Don't you need a coat?
Alicia: You'll do.
Alicia: How am I doing?
Devlin: Not bad.
Alicia: Scared?
Devlin: No.
Alicia: No... no, you're not scared of anything, are you?
Devlin: Not too much!
Alicia: If you had only once said that you loved me.
Devlin: Well, he's here. The head of a large German business concern.
Alicia: His family always had money.
Devlin: He's part of the combine that built up the German war machine and hopes to keep on going.
Alicia: Something big?
Devlin: It has all the earmarks of being something big.
Alicia: Well, you never believed in me anyways. So what's the difference?
Devlin: It's lucky for both of us that I didn't. It wouldn't have been pretty if I'd believed in you. If I'd figured, she'll never be able to go through with it, she's been made over by love.
Alicia: If you only once had said that you loved me. Oh, Dev.
Devlin: Listen, you've chalked up another boyfriend, that's all. No harm done.
Alicia: I hate you.
Devlin: There's no occasion to, you're doing good work.
: Miami, Florida, Three-Twenty P.M., April the Twenty-Fourth, Nineteen Hundred and Forty-Six...
Judge: Is there any legal reason why sentence should not be pronounced?
District Attorney: No, your honor.
John Huberman: Yes, I have something to say. You can put me away, but you can't put away what's going to happen to you, and to this whole country next time. Next time we are going...
Defense Counsel: I wouldn't say any more. We'll need that for the appeal.
Alicia: I'm no stool-pigeon, Mr. Devlin.
Devlin: My department authorized me to engage you to do some work for us. There's a job in Brazil...
Alicia: Oh, go away. The whole thing bores me.
Devlin: Some of the German gentry who are paying your father are working in Rio. Ever hear of the IG Farben Industries?
Alicia: I tell you, I'm not interested.
Devlin: Farben has men in South America, planted there before the war. They're cooperating with the Brazilian government to smoke them out. My chief thinks that the daughter of a, uh...
Alicia: A traitor?
Devlin: Well, he thinks you might be valuable in the work.     