
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Come busting in here - you'd think we were being attacked! You can find another wife.
Chris: Sure I can find another wife. But she take my rifle and my horse. Oh, I'll never sell her. I love her so much. I beat her with a whip and she never get tired.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Your wife?
Chris: No, my horse. I can find another wife easy, yes, but not a horse like that!
Dallas: Well, you gotta live no matter what happens.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Well, they're saved from the blessings of civilization.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Yeah.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Doc, I'll buy you a drink.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Just one.
Ringo Kid: Look, Miss Dallas. You got no folks... neither have I. And, well, maybe I'm takin' a lot for granted, but... I watched you with that baby - that other woman's baby. You looked... well, well I still got a ranch across the border. There's a nice place - a real nice place... trees... grass... water. There's a cabin half built. A man could live there... and a woman. Will you go?
Dallas: But you don't know me - you don't know who I am.
Ringo Kid: I know all I wanna know. Will you go?
Dallas: Oh, don't talk like that!
Henry, the Ringo Kid: Well, there are some things a man just can't run away from.
Ringo Kid: Well, I guess you can't break out of prison and into society in the same week.
Henry Gatewood: I can't get over the impertinence of that young lieutenant. I'll make it warm for that shake-tail! I'll report him to Washington - we pay taxes to the government and what do we get? Not even protection from the army! I don't know what the government is coming to. Instead of protecting businessmen, it pokes its nose into business! Why, they're even talking now about having *bank* examiners. As if we bankers don't know how to run our own banks! Why, at home I have a letter from a popinjay official saying they were going to inspect my books. I have a slogan that should be blazoned on every newspaper in this country: America for the Americans! The government must not interfere with business! Reduce taxes! Our national debt is something shocking. Over one billion dollars a year! What this country needs is a businessman for president!
Capt. Sickel: Well? What's wrong?
Telegraph operator: The line went dead, sir.
Capt. Sickel: What have you got here?
Telegraph operator: Only the first word, sir.
Capt. Sickel: (reading) Geronimo.
Henry Gatewood: So you're the notorious Ringo Kid.
The Ringo Kid: My friends just call me Ringo - nickname I had as a kid. Right name's Henry.
Ed (editor): McCoy! Billy, kill that story about the Republican Convention in Chicago and take this down: "The Ringo Kid was killed on Main Street in Lordsburg tonight. And among the additional dead were..." Leave that blank for a spell.
McCoy, typesetter: I didn't hear any shootin', Ed.
Ed (editor): You will, Billy, you will.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Seems to me I knew your family, Henry. Didn't I fix your arm once when you, oh, bumped off a horse?
Ringo Kid: Are you Doc Boone?
Dr. Josiah Boone: I certainly am. Ah, let's see... I'd just been honorably discharged from the Union Army after the War of the Rebellion.
Hatfield: You mean the War for the Southern Confederacy, sir.
Dr. Josiah Boone: I mean nothing of the kind, sir!
Ringo Kid: That was my kid brother broke his arm. You did a good job, Doc, even if you was drunk.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Thank you, son. Professional compliments are always pleasing. What happened to that boy whose arm I fixed?
Ringo Kid: He was murdered.
Samuel Peacock: Savages!
Chris: That's my wife, Yakima... my squaw.
Samuel Peacock: Yes, but she's... she's... savage!
Chris: Si senor, she's little bit savage, I think.
Ringo Kid: You may need me and this Winchester, Curly. Saw a ranch house burnin' last night.
Buck: Hey, Curly, do you think I oughta charge Mrs. Mallory's baby half fare?
Dr. Josiah Boone: I'll take that shotgun, Luke.
Luke Plummer: You'll take it in the belly if you don't get out of my way.
Dr. Josiah Boone: I'll have you indicted for murder if you step outside with that shotgun.
Luke Plummer: We'll attend to you later.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Don't ever let me do that again.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Jerry, I'll admit as one man to another that, economically, I haven't been of much value to you. But do you suppose you could put one on credit?
Jerry (bartender): If talk was money, Doc, you'd be the best customer I got.
Henry, the Ringo Kid: Hold it!
Dr. Josiah Boone: Well, now that the danger is past, Mr...
Samuel Peacock: ...Peacock.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Ladies and gentlemen, since it's most unlikely we'll ever have the pleasure of meeting again socially, I'd like to propose a toast. Major, Gatewood, Ringo... to your health.
Buck: Well, Marshal, I'm lookin' for my shotgun guard. Is he here?
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Out with a posse, Buck. Trying to catch the Ringo Kid.
Buck: Ringo? I thought Ringo was in the pen?
Marshal Curly Wilcox: He was.
Buck: Busted out? Well, good for him!
Ringo Kid: My father and brother were shot down by the Plummer boy... Guess you don't know how it feels to loose your own folks that way.
Dallas: I lost mine when I was a kid. It was a massacre on Superstition Mountain.
Ringo Kid: That's tough - especially on a girl.
Hatfield: A gentleman doesn't smoke in the presence of a lady.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Three weeks ago I took a bullet out of a man who was shot by a gentleman. The bullet was in his back!
Hatfield: You mean to insinuate...
Ringo Kid: Sit down, mister. Doc don't mean no harm.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: This stage is going to Lordsburg. If you think it ain't safe to ride along with us, I figure we can get there without you soldier boys.
The Ringo Kid: That was my kid brother that broke his arm. You did a good job, Doc, even if you were drunk.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Thank you, son. Professional compliments are always pleasing.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Now folks, if we push on we can be in Apache Wells by sundown. Soldiers there will give us an escort as far as the ferry. Then it's only a hoot and a holler into Lordsburg. We got four men who can handle firearms - five with you, Ringo. Doc can shoot if sober.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: You, Doc?
Dr. Josiah Boone: I'm not only a philosopher, sir, I'm a fatalist. Somewhere, sometime, there may be the right bullet or the wrong bottle waiting for Josiah Boone. Why worry when or where?
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Yes or no?
Dr. Josiah Boone: Having that philosophy, sir, I've always courted danger. During the late war - when I had the honor to serve the Union under our great president, Abraham Lincoln... and General Phil Sheridan - well, sir, I fought mid shot and shell and cannon roar...
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Do you wanna go back or not?
Dr. Josiah Boone: No! I want another drink.
Buck: If I was you, I'd let them shoot it out.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Let who?
Buck: Luke Plummer and the Kid. There would be a lot more peace in this territory if that Luke Plummer had so many holes in him he couldn't hold his liquor.
Buck: If there's anything I don't like, it's driving a stagecoach through Apache country.
Cavalry scout: These hills here are full of Apaches. They've burnt every ranch building in sight.
Cavalry scout: He had a brush with them last night. Says they're being stirred up by Geronimo.
Capt. Sickel: Geronimo? How do we know he isn't lying?
Cavalry scout: No, he's a Cheyenne. They hate Apaches worse than we do.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Is this the face that wrecked 1000 ships and burned the towerless tops of Illium? Farewell, fair Helen.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: How 'bout you, Mr. Hancock?
Samuel Peacock: Peacock. I'd like to go on, brother. I want to reach the bosom of my dear family in Kansas City, Kansas as quickly as possible; but, I may never reach that bosom if we go on... so, under the circumstances - you understand, brother - I think it best we go back with the bosoms... I mean the soldiers.
Dallas: Doc, haven't I any right to live? What have I done?
Dr. Josiah Boone: We're the victims of a foul disease called social prejudice, my child. These dear ladies of the Law and Order League are scouring out the dregs of the town. Come on. Be a proud, glorified dreg like me.
Tonto Sheriff: You get goin' Doc. You're drunk.
Boone's Landlady: Hmmph! Two of a kind! Just two of a kind.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Take my arm, Madame le Comtesse! The tumbrel awaits. To the guillotine!
Buck: Well all I gotta say is, that he better stay away from that there Luke Plummer. By gosh, Luke's run all'a Ringo's friends outta Lordsburg. Why the last trip there I seen him hit a rancher on the head with the barrel of his gun and, well he just laid it wide open like a butchered steer.
Buck: You better get out and stretch your leg - I mean your limbs, ma'am. We're going to change horses here.
Mrs. Lucy Mallory: Is there any place here where I can have a cup of tea?
Buck: Well, yes ma'am, you can get a cup of coffee at the hotel across the street there.
Buck: Oh, gosh, am I gonna learn to keep my big mouth shut!
Hatfield: You wouldn't understand, cowboy. You've never seen an angel, nor a gentle woman, nor a great lady.
Buck: What do I get to eat when I get home in Lordsburg? Nothin' but frijole beans. That's all. Nothin' but beans, beans, beans!
Hatfield: Put out that cigar. You're annoying this lady.
Dr. Josiah Boone: Excuse me, madame. Being so partial to the weed myself, I sometimes forget that it disagrees with others.
Dallas: Why do you look at me like that?
Ringo Kid: I'm just trying to remember. Ain't I seen you someplace before, ma'am?
Dallas: No. No, you haven't.
Ringo Kid: I wish I had though.
Ringo Kid: Well, I used to be a good cowhand. But, things happen.
Dallas: Yeah, that's it. Things happen.
Buck: If I was you I'd let 'em shoot it out.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: Let who?
Buck: Luke Plummer and the Kid. There'd be a lot more peace in this territory if that Luke Plummer was so full of lead he couldn't hold his liquor.
Marshal Curly Wilcox: I ain't sayin' I don't share your sentiments, Buck. But you're a born fool!
Buck: Oh, I know that.
Dr. Josiah Boone: My horse has gone, She has gone astray, With a son...
Buck: Quiet, Doc! This is a serious matter, ain't it?
Dr. Josiah Boone: My dear, Buck. If I have only one hour to live, I'm gonna enjoy myself.
Samuel Peacock: All in all, it's been exciting, a very interesting trip. Has it not?
Mrs. Lucy Mallory: Do you hear it? Do you hear it? It's the bugle! They're blowing the charge!
Luke Plummer: Aces and Eights.
Poker Player: Huh, dead man's hand, Luke.
Dallas: Ringo? Ringo? Ringo?
Henry, the Ringo Kid: Hope I ain't crowdin' you folks none.     