
Slim: You know you don't have to act with me, Steve. You don't have to say anything, and you don't have to do anything. Not a thing. Oh, maybe just whistle. You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and... blow.
Slim: Who was the girl, Steve?
Steve: Who was what girl?
Slim: The one who left you with such a high opinion of women.
Steve: What did you do that for?
Slim: I've been wondering if I'd like it.
Steve: What's the decision?
Slim: I don't know yet.
Slim: It's even better when you help.
Eddie: Was you ever bit by a dead bee?
Slim: What are you trying to do, guess her weight?
Steve: She's heftier that you think.
Steve: Better loosen her clothes.
Slim: You've been doing all right.
Slim: Maybe you'd better look after her husband.
Steve: He's not going to run out on me.
Slim: Neither is she.
Slim: You know Steve, you're not very hard to figure, only at times. Sometimes I know exactly what you're going to say. Most of the time. The other times... the other times, you're just a stinker.
Slim: I'm hard to get, Steve. All you have to do is ask me.
Steve: You know what you're getting into. It's gonna be rough.
Eddie: Drinking don't bother my memory. If it did I wouldn't drink. I couldn't. You see, I'd forget how good it was, then where'd I be? Start drinkin' water, again.
Johnson: I don't see why you keep that man around!
Steve: Eddie was a good man before he became a rummy.
Slim: Cricket. I came to say good-bye.
Cricket: What?
Slim: We're leaving now. Thanks for everything.
Cricket: Hey Slim, are you still happy?
Slim: What do you think?
Eddie: I've been figuring, them guys don't think that I'm wise, but they was trying to get me drunk.
Eddie: They don't know me, do they, Harry?
Capt. M. Renard: By the way, what are your sympathies?
Steve: Minding my own business.
Steve: You're both going to take a beating 'til one of you uses that phone. That means one of you will take a beating for nothing.
Slim: Give her my love.
Steve: I'd give her my own if she had that on!
Title Card: Title Card: Martinique, in the summer of 1940, shortly after the fall of France.
Title Card: Forte de France
Steve: Morning.
Officer at port: Good Morning, Captain Morgan. What can I do for you today?
Steve: Same thing as yesterday.
Officer at port: You and your client wish to make a temporary exit from the port?
Steve: *That* is right.
Officer at port: Name?
Steve: Ha - Harry Morgan.
Officer at port: Nationality?
Steve: Eskimo.
Officer at port: What?
Steve: American.
Steve: Go ahead, slap me...
Steve: Get down on the deck flat and stay there!
Paul de Bursac: But I don't know what good it'll be to try to resist. We will be killed!
Steve: Shut up, both of you! Get down on that deck flat! You save France - I want to save my boat!
Eddie: What's the matter? Why are you lookin' at me like that fer? What are you laughin' at?
Steve: Just a joke that neither one of us knows the answer to.
Eddie: What joke?
Steve: Whether you're gonna hold together or not.
Eddie: Don't say that, Harry! I'm a good man! You know I am!
Steve: Yeah, I know you are, but you're goin' all over the ocean. Stay on your course.
Eddie: Why do you always... Hey, could I have just one? I don't want to get the shakes.
Steve: Make it short! I want you rum brave, not useless.
Eddie: Thanks, Harry!
Johnson: What sort of a day will it be?
Steve: I don't know. Just about like yesterday. Only better.
Steve: Anybody got a match?
Slim: Change your mind?
Steve: No money, those guys cleaned me out.
Slim: I forgot too - maybe I can do something, its been a long day and I'm thirsty.
Steve: Picked him out yet?
Slim: You don't mind do you?
Steve: You're thirsty, go ahead. If I get tired of waiting, I'll be back at that hotel.
Slim: All right
Eddie: Was you ever bit by a dead bee?
Slim: Were you?
Eddie: You know, you got to be careful of dead bees if you're goin' around barefooted, 'cause if you step on them they can sting you just as bad as if they was alive, especially if they was kind of mad when they got killed. I bet I been bit a hundred times that way.
Slim: You have? Why don't you bite them back?
Eddie: That's what Harry always says. But I ain't got no stinger.     