
Doctor: Pardon me Mr.Katona? Precisely what position do you hold with Matuschek and Company?
Pepi Katona: Well, I would describe myself as a contact man. I keep contact between Matuschek and Company and the customers... on a bicycle.
Doctor: You mean, an errand boy?
Pepi Katona: Doctor, did I call you a pill-peddler?
Hugo Matuschek: Well, what do you say now?
Alfred Kralik: I think people who like to smoke candy and listen to cigarettes will love it.
Alfred Kralik: Suppose a fellow gets an apartment with three rooms. Dining room, bedroom, living room.
Pirovitch: What do you need three rooms for? You live in the bedroom.
Alfred Kralik: Where do you eat?
Pirovitch: In the kitchen. You get a nice big kitchen.
Alfred Kralik: Where do you entertain?
Pirovitch: Entertain? What are you, an embassador? Who do you want to entertain? Listen listen, if someone is really your friend, he comes after dinner.
Alfred Kralik: There might be a lot we don't know about each other. You know, people seldom go to the trouble of scratching the surface of things to find the inner truth.
Klara Novak (Miss Novak): Well I really wouldn't care to scratch your surface, Mr. Kralik, because I know exactly what I'd find. Instead of a heart, a hand-bag. Instead of a soul, a suitcase. And instead of an intellect, a cigarette lighter... which doesn't work.
Alfred Kralik: Pirovitch, did you ever get a bonus?
Pirovitch: Yes, once.
Alfred Kralik: Yeah. The boss hands you the envelope. You wonder how much is in it, and you don't want to open it. As long as the envelope's closed, you're a millionaire.
Pepi Katona: Well Doctor, I would say it's a nervous breakdown. What do you think?
Doctor: It appears to be an acute epileptoid manifestation and a pan phobic melancholiac with indication of a neurasthenia cordus.
Pepi Katona: Is that more expensive than a nervous breakdown?
Woman Customer: How much is that belt in the window, the one that says "2.95?"
Alfred Kralik: $2.95
Woman Customer: Oh, no!
Klara Novak (Miss Novak): All my knowledge came from books, and I'd just finished a novel about a glamorous French actress from the Comedie Francaise. That's the theater in France. When she wanted to arouse a man's interest, she treated him like a dog.
Alfred Kralik: Yes, well, you treated me like a dog.
Klara Novak (Miss Novak): Yes, but instead of licking my hand, you barked.
Alfred Kralik: Flora, take a letter. Ah... To whom it may concern. Mr. Vadas has been in the employ of Matuschek & Company for the last two years, during which he has been very efficient as a stool pigeon, a troublemaker, and a rat.
Ferenc Vadas: Now look here!
Alfred Kralik: And if he doesn't clear out of here he's going to get a punch in the nose! Yours very truly, Alfred Kralik, Manager, Matuschek & Company.
Alfred Kralik: Now if I were a girl and had to choose between a young good-for-nothing with plenty of hair and a good, solid, mature citizen, I'd pick Mathias Popkin every time.
Alfred Kralik: Are you disappointed?
Klara Novak (Miss Novak): Psychologically, I'm very confused... But personally, I don't feel bad at all.
Pirovitch: He
Pirovitch: picks on me, too. The other day he called me an idiot. What could I do? I said, "Yes, Mr. Matuschek. I'm an idiot." I'm no fool!
Alfred Kralik: Can you see her?
Pirovitch: Yes.
Alfred Kralik: Is she pretty?
Pirovitch: Very pretty.
Alfred Kralik: She is, huh?
Pirovitch: I should say, she looks... she has a little of the coloring of Klara.
Alfred Kralik: Klara, Miss Novak of the shop?
Pirovitch: Now, Kralik, you must admit Klara is a very good looking girl, and personally I've always found her a very likable girl.
Alfred Kralik: Well this is a fine time to talk about Miss Novak.
Pirovitch: Well, if you don't like Miss Novak, I can tell you right now you won't like that girl.
Alfred Kralik: Why?
Pirovitch: Because it is Miss Novak.
Alfred Kralik: Yes, Mr. Matuschek
Hugo Matuschek: Eh, close the door. Kralik, why did you put me in that situation, in front of the whole shop?
Alfred Kralik: Well, I'm very sorry, sir... but it was not my fault.
Hugo Matuschek: Well whose fault was it? Mine?
Alfred Kralik: Well... yes.
Klara Novak (Miss Novak): : Oh, my Dear Friend, my heart was trembling as I walked into the post office, and there you were, lying in Box 237. I took you out of your envelope and read you, read you right there.
Pirovitch: There is a cup of coffee on the table. She's taking a piece of cake. Kralik, she's dunking!
Hugo Matuschek: Don't let me influence you. I want your opinion, your honest opinion.
Hugo Matuschek: It took me a whole hour to decide that I like this box.
Alfred Kralik: But I have troubles of my own without your blouse coming between Mr. Matuschek and me.
Alfred Kralik: Well, after a while we got on the subject of love. Naturally on a very cultural level.
Pirovitch: Well, what else can you do in a letter?
Klara Novak (Miss Novak): I don't want you to love me.
Alfred Kralik: I don't
Pepi Katona: Hello, Mrs. Matuschek... Yes, this is Pepi speaking... That's right... I didn't bring you that bottle of perfume? Well, you're never going to get it! What do you think of that?... Yes, this is Pepi speaking... You want to speak to Mr. Matuschek? That's too bad. At the moment, he's up in a balloon with two blondes.
Pepi Katona: Now watch this!
Pepi Katona: You wouldn't like to speak, by any chance, to Mr. Vadas?
Pepi Katona: That got her. Draw your own conclusions.     