
Waldo Lydecker: I don't use a pen. I write with a goose quill dipped in venom.
Shelby Carpenter: I can afford a blemish on my character, but not on my clothes.
Shelby Carpenter: I don't know a lot about anything, but I know a little about practically everything.
Waldo Lydecker: You'd better watch out, McPherson, or you'll finish up in a psychiatric ward. I doubt they've ever had a patient who fell in love with a corpse.
Waldo Lydecker: In my case, self-absorption is completely justified. I have never discovered any other subject quite so worthy of my attention.
Mark McPherson: I must say, for a charming, intelligent girl, you certainly surrounded yourself with a remarkable collection of dopes.
Waldo Lydecker: My dear, either you were born on a extremely rustic community, where good manners are unknown, or you suffer from a common feminine delusion that the mere fact of being a woman exempts you from the rules of civilized conduct.
Mark McPherson: I suspect nobody and everybody.
Waldo Lydecker: I'm not kind, I'm vicious. It's the secret of my charm.
Waldo Lydecker: I cannot stand these morons any longer. If you don't come with me this instant, I shall run amok.
Shelby Carpenter: I knew there was something on my mind. Ah yes, will you dine with me tomorrow night?
Laura Hunt: Yes.
Shelby Carpenter: No, it's not that - it's the next night. And what about three weeks from tonight? And all the nights in between?
Laura Hunt: Shelby, you talk as if I had no other engagements!
Shelby Carpenter: And two months from now? And the month after that?
Laura Hunt: What about next year?
Shelby Carpenter: Oh, that's all settled. What about breakfast?
Laura Hunt: What about dancing?
Shelby Carpenter: What about lunch? Beautiful lunches, day after day after day?
Mark McPherson: When a dame gets killed, she doesn't worry about how she looks.
Waldo Lydecker: Will you stop calling her a dame?
Mark McPherson: Nice little place you have here, Mr. Lydecker.
Waldo Lydecker: It's lavish, but I call it home.
Shelby Carpenter: I forgot to tell you, I also read palms, I swallow swords, I mend my own socks, I never eat garlic or onions, what more could you want of a man?
Waldo Lydecker: Murder is my favorite crime.
Waldo Lydecker: She was quick to seize upon anything that would improve her mind or her appearance. Laura had innate breeding, but she deferred to my judgment and taste. I selected a more attractive hairdress for her. I taught her what clothes were more becoming to her. Through me, she met everyone: The famous and the infamous. Her youth and beauty, her poise and charm of manner captivated them all. She had warmth, vitality. She had authentic magnetism. Wherever we went, she stood out. Men admired her; women envied her. She became as famous as Waldo Lydecker's walking stick and his white carnation.
Waldo Lydecker: I shall never forget the weekend Laura died. A silver sun burned through the sky like a huge magnifying glass. It was the hottest Sunday in my recollection. I felt as if I were the only human being left in New York. For with Laura's horrible death, I was alone. I, Waldo Lydecker, was the only one who really knew her, and I had just begun to write Laura's story when another of those detectives came to see me. I had him wait. I could watch him through the half-open door.
Waldo Lydecker: I noted that his attention was fixed upon my clock. There was only one other in existence, and that was in Laura's apartment, in the very room where she was murdered.
Waldo Lydecker: How singularly innocent I look this morning.
Mark McPherson: Yeah, dames are always pulling a switch on you.
Waldo Lydecker: I should be sincerely sorry to see my neighbor's children devoured by wolves.
Waldo Lydecker: I just dropped in to inquire about the state of your health? Insipid, I hope.
Mark McPherson: You know you are on the list too.
Waldo Lydecker: Good. It would insult me to be overlooked.
Mark MacPherson: On Saturday when our men went to the hotel to tell you that Laura Hunt was dead you seemed sincerely shocked.
Shelby Carpenter: I was. I hadn't expected that mistake.
Mark MacPherson: But you had your alibi ready no matter who was dead.
Waldo Lydecker: Love is eternal. It has been the strongest motivation for human actions throughout history. Love is stronger than life. It reaches beyond the dark shadow of death.
Shelby Carpenter: For the last time, Louise, will you marry me?
Louise, Ann's Cook: No, but I cooked some chicken liver for you.
Waldo Lydecker: If you come a little bit closer, my boy, I can just crack your skull with my walking stick.
Mark McPherson: I suspect nobody and everybody. I am strictly trying to get at the truth.
Waldo Lydecker: Haven't you heard of science's newest triumph, the doorbell?
Waldo Lydecker: Have you ever been in love?
Mark McPherson: A doll in Washington Heights once got a fox fur outta me.
Waldo Lydecker: Goodbye, Laura.
Waldo Lydecker: Goodbye, my love.
Waldo Lydecker: Let's not be psychiatric. But in a word, yes.
Laura Hunt: You forced me to give you my word. I never have been and I never will be bound by anything I don't do of my own free will.
Mark McPherson: Were you in love with Laura Hunt, Mr. Lydecker? Was she in love with you?
Waldo Lydecker: Laura considered me the wisest, the wittiest, the most interesting man she'd ever met. I was in complete accord with her on that point. She thought me also the kindest, the gentlest, most sympathetic man in the world.
Mark McPherson: Did you agree with her there, too?
Waldo Lydecker: McPherson, you won't understand this, but I tried to become the kindest, gentlest, the most sympathetic man in the world.
Mark McPherson: Have any luck?
Waldo Lydecker: Let me put it this way: I should be sincerely sorry to see my neighbors' children devoured by wolves.
Bessie Clary: I ain't afraid of cops. I was brought up to spit whenever I saw one.
Mark McPherson: OK, go ahead and spit if that'll make you feel better.
Ann Treadwell: Are you as interested in McPherson as he is in you?
Laura Hunt: But Ann, I only met him last night.
Ann Treadwell: That's more than long enough sometimes. Anyway, he's better for you than Shelby. Anybody is. Shelby's better for me.
Laura Hunt: Why?
Ann Treadwell: 'Cause I can afford him and understand him. He's no good, but he's what I want. I'm not a nice person, Laura. Neither is he. He knows I know he's just what he is. He also knows that I don't care. We belong together because we're both weak and can't seem to help it. That's why I know he's capable of murder. He's like me.
Ann Treadwell: No, dear, I didn't. But I thought of it.
Laura Hunt: By stooping so low you only degrade yourself.
Laura Hunt: It was a terrible shock, poor darling.
Mark McPherson: Don't tell me you're in love with him too?
Shelby Carpenter: Look here fella, you're not to talk that way to Miss Hunt.
Mark McPherson: Shut up.     