
Dalton Russell: This time next week, I'll be sucking down piña coladas in a hot tub with six girls named Amber and Tiffany.
Keith Frazier: More like taking a shower with two guys named Jamal and Jesus, if you know what I mean. And here's the bad news: that thing you're sucking on? It's not a piña colada!
Dalton Russell: I'm no martyr. I did it for the money. But it's not worth much if you can't face yourself in the mirror. Respect is the ultimate currency. I was stealing from a man who traded his away for a few dollars. And then he tried to wash away his guilt. Drown it in a lifetime of good deeds and a sea of respectability. It almost worked, too. But inevitably, the further you run from your sins, the more exhausted you are when they catch up to you. And they do. Certain. It will not fail.
Det. Bill Mitchell: You see, there's just you and one other woman that fit the physical description of the female suspect.
Stevie: What's that?
Det. Bill Mitchell: It's your height, your age, and... um...
Keith Frazier: Your cup size.
Stevie: So, I violated section 34 Double-D? That's what you're telling me?
Dalton Russell: My name is Dalton Russell. Pay strict attention to what I say because I choose my words carefully and I never repeat myself. I've told you my name: that's the Who. The Where could most readily be described as a prison cell. But there's a vast difference between being stuck in a tiny cell and being in prison. The What is easy: recently I planned and set in motion events to execute the perfect bank robbery. That's also the When. As for the Why: beyond the obvious financial motivation, it's exceedingly simple... because I can. Which leaves us only with the How; and therein, as the Bard would tell us, lies the rub.
Four Seasons Maitre d': Good afternoon, sir. Do you have a reservation?
Keith Frazier: Looking for the mayor.
Four Seasons Maitre d': May I have your hat, please?
Keith Frazier: No, you cannot! Get your own.
Keith Frazier: Oh, please, do not say proposals... my girlfriend... she wants a proposal from me.
Dalton Russell: You think you're too young to get married?
Keith Frazier: No, I'm not too young... too broke. Maybe I should rob a bank.
Dalton Russell: Do you love each other?
Keith Frazier: Yeah, yeah, we do.
Dalton Russell: Then money shouldn't really matter.
Keith Frazier: Thank you, bank robber!
Keith Frazier: Sorry to interrupt you, Mister Mayor, but there's an old American saying: When there's blood on the streets, somebody's gotta go to jail.
Det. Bill Mitchell: Hey Keith, let me see your shoe.
Keith Frazier: What?
Det. Bill Mitchell: Lemme see your shoe.
Keith Frazier: Why?
Det. Bill Mitchell: 'Cause I have never seen anyone put their foot that far up a guy's ass.
Keith Frazier: Yeah, I guess I did, didn't I?
Det. Bill Mitchell: Man, you cut him an ass the length of the Lincoln Tunnel! We're gonna need a traffic cop on that shit!
Madeliene White: Well, I'd love to tell you what a monster you are, but, uh, I have to help Bin Laden's nephew buy a co-op on Park Ave.
Arthur Case: If that were true, you wouldn't tell me.
Madeliene White: We're listing you as a reference.
Madeliene White: Well detective, there are matters at stake here that are a little bit above your pay grade. No offense.
Keith Frazier: Well, why don't you just tell the mayor to raise my pay grade to the proper level, and problem solved.
Mayor: I always have time to put on a tux and eat free food for a good cause. Who are saving this week?
Madeliene White: Well, I'm doing a round of support for the Joseph Freidkin Memorial Fund for spinal cord research and we're having our annual fundraiser next month. If you could attend, it would give us such a boost.
Mayor: It would be my pleasure. Is there anything else I can do to...
Mayor: What the fuck do you want?
Madeliene White: A favor.
Mayor: No shit. Which kind?
Madeliene White: The last one I'll ever ask of you.
Mayor: That's the kind I had in mind.
Keith Frazier: What do you think he's going to do?
Madeliene White: Well, he's not gonna kill anyone.
Keith Frazier: How do you know?
Madeliene White: Because he's not a murderer.
Keith Frazier: How do you know? I got news for you. Most of the guys up in Sing Sing weren't murderers until they killed somebody.
Keith Frazier: You got a card, in case I need to call you?
Madeliene White: Please don't take this personally, but no. I don't think you can afford me.
Keith Frazier: Well, don't take this personally, Miss White. Kiss my black ass, okay?
Madeliene White: Careful, Detective. My bite is much worse than my bark.
Dalton Russell: I got a question for ya. You get it right, I give you more time.
Keith Frazier: And?
Dalton Russell: You know what happens if you don't. Which weighs more: all the trains that pass through Grand Central Station in a year - or the trees cut down to print all U.S. currency in circulation? Here's a hint. It's a trick question.
Keith Frazier: What the hell was that? Playing games, now?
Captain John Darius: It's the trains. U.S. money isn't printed on paper at all. It's cotton.
Mobile Command Officer Berk: Yeah, that's, that's right.
Captain John Darius: No trees were cut down.
Mobile Command Officer Rourke: Are you sure?
Captain John Darius: Yeah. One hundred percent.
Keith Frazier: Okay.
Keith Frazier: I got it.
Det. Bill Mitchell: Wait a second, wait a second.
Keith Frazier: Call you back.
Det. Bill Mitchell: It's a trap. They both weigh the same. Tell him they both weigh the same. They both weigh nothing.
Keith Frazier: They both weigh nothing or they both weigh the same?
Det. Bill Mitchell: Tell him they both weigh the same. Tell him they both weigh the same. Do it now.
Keith Frazier: They both weigh the same. Got it.
Dalton Russell: Well?
Keith Frazier: They both weigh the same.
Dalton Russell: This time, send sandwiches.
Dalton Russell: Unfortunately, the further you run from your sins, the more exhausted you are when they catch up with you... and they do.
Dalton Russell: Finish your slice. I'll take you back to your father. I have to talk to him about this game.
Keith Frazier: C'mon let's go down the street to the bar. I'll buy you a drink
Dalton Russell: Thanks but I'm trying to stay away from bars right now if you know what I mean.
Vikram Walia: Fuckin' tired of this shit. What happened to my fuckin' civil rights? Why can't I go anywhere without being harassed? Get thrown out a bank, I'm a hostage, I get harassed. I go to the airport, I can't go through security without a random selection. Fuckin' random, my ass.
Keith Frazier: I bet you can get a cab though.
Vikram Walia: I guess that's one of the perks.
Dalton Russell: Fact is, all lies, all evil deeds, they stink. You can cover them up for a while, but they don't go away.
Keith Frazier: Who ever heard of a bank robbers escaping on a plane with fifty hostages? You've seen Dog Day Afternoon! You're stalling! Why? I don't know.
Keith Frazier: Alright, I've got them right where I want 'em.
Det. Bill Mitchell: Where's that?
Keith Frazier: Right behind me with my pants around my ankles, but it's a start.
Dalton Russell: What's your name?
Peter Hammond: Peter.
Dalton Russell: Peter what?
Peter Hammond: Peter Hammond.
Dalton Russell: Where's your cell phone, Peter Hammond?
Peter Hammond: I left it at home.
Dalton Russell: Peter, think very carefully about how you answer the next question, because if you get it wrong, your headstone will read, "Here lies Peter Hammond, hero, who valiantly attempted to prevent a *brilliant* bank robbery by trying to hide his cellular phone, but wound up,"
Dalton Russell: "getting *shot* in the fucking head." Now, Peter Hammond, where's your cell phone?
Peter Hammond: I telling you, I did, I left it at home.
Peter Hammond: Dalton Russell: Is there anyone else here who is smarter than me?
Dalton Russell: Now lady, believe me, this is the only situation that I would ever ask you to do this, so take off your fucking clothes.
Mayor: You're a magnificent cunt.
Madeliene White: Thank you.
Keith Frazier: Let's just try to keep everybody calm, okay?
Dalton Russell: Don't I sound calm to you?
Keith Frazier: Yeah, you do.
Keith Frazier: Last time I had my johnson pulled this good it cost me five bucks.
Captain John Darius: Five bucks?
Keith Frazier: It was Tiajuana. Don't ask.
Dalton Russell: Anyway, does this sound anything like the interests you came in here to protect? Or am I just whistling Dixie out my ass?
Keith Frazier: What are you doing? This ain't no bank robbery!
Dalton Russell: You're too fucking smart to be a cop.
Dalton Russell: Now get the fuck out of here.
Keith Frazier: What? You gonna shoot me? Go ahead, shit, you got nothing to lose, I damn sure got nothing to lose, so go ahead, shoot me. Shoot me.
Dalton Russell: Fuck you. Tell them to send someone sane over here.
Madeliene White: The sooner you STOP being my problem and START being my solution the better off you'll be.
Vikram Walia: Detective Frazier my ass, where's my fucking turban?
Dalton Russell: Buses, Kojak, or I'll give you two of the longest days of your life.
Keith Frazier: You planned every inch of this thing right from the start, you got everybody marching to your beat, including me, and i'm through buying it!
Dalton Russell: Jesus, what's the point of this?
Brian Robinson: Like my man 50 says, get rich or die tryin'. Yo, you get mad points for knocking over the bank.
Dalton Russell: You think that's cool?
Brian Robinson: Hell, yeah. You trying to get paid too.
Dalton Russell: It's going to be okay.
Brian Robinson: Cool.
Dalton Russell: You'll be home soon.
Brian Robinson: That's wassup.
Det. Bill Mitchell: You gotta be crazy to go in there.
Keith Frazier: Like a fox.
Sylvia: C'mon, baby. The handcuffs are gettin' cold...
Arthur Case: You want me to arrange for one?
Det. Bill Mitchell: If this goes down wrong, they're gonna dump this whole mess in your lap.
Dalton Russell: You come near here I start throwing bodies out the front door. I not fucking joking, man.
Sylvia: Did you bring Big Willy?
Keith Frazier: Yeah and the Twins!
Dalton Russell: Everybody get down on the fucking floor now!
Det. Bill Mitchell: This is bullshit, man. I mean, we're the only ones left trying to catch the bad guys and they're gonna come after us like that? Tell you what, every one of your accusers, man, I say we go after 'em all, Keith, Michael Corleone style. Michael Corleone, do you renounce Satan? Yes, I renounce him. Ptshusshh! Ptshusshh!
Keith Frazier: There's no 392.
Det. Bill Mitchell: Huh?
Keith Frazier: Safety deposit box number 392: according to these records, it doesn't exist. Pin-stripe, mayonnaise, lying motherfucker.     