
Patrick Kenzie: I always believed it was the things you don't choose that makes you who you are. Your city, your neighborhood, your family. People here take pride in these things, like it was something they'd accomplished. The bodies around their souls, the cities wrapped around those. I lived on this block my whole life; most of these people have. When your job is to find people who are missing, it helps to know where they started. I find the people who started in the cracks and then fell through. This city can be hard. When I was young, I asked my priest how you could get to heaven and still protect yourself from all the evil in the world. He told me what God said to His children. "You are sheep among wolves. Be wise as serpents, yet innocent as doves."
Patrick Kenzie: Cheese, if you ever disrespect her again like that, I'm gonna pull your fuckin' card, okay? So you're saying you didn't do it, fine. We'll take your money, and we'll be on our way. When it turns out you're lying, I'm gonna spend every nickel of that money to fuck you up. I'm gonna bribe cops to go after you, I'm gonna pay guys to go after your weak fuckin' crew, and I'm gonna tell all the guys I know that you're a C.I. and a rat, and I know a lot of people. And after that, you're gonna wish you listened to me, 'cause your shitty pool hall crime syndicate headquarters is gonna get raided, and your doped-up bitches are gonna get sent back to Laos, and this fuckin' retard right here is gonna be testifying against you for a reduced sentence, while you're gettin' cornholed in your cell by a gang of crackers. 'Cause from what I've heard, the guys that get sent up Concord for killing kids, life's a motherfucker.
Cheese: You come 'round here again, and I'm gonna get discourteous on your ass.
Detective Remy Bressant: I planted evidence on a guy once, back in '95. We were paying $100 an eight-ball to snitches. We got a call from our pal, Ray Likanski. He couldn't find enough guys to rat out. Anyway, he tells us there's a guy pumping up in an apartment up in Columbia Point. We go in, me and Nicky. Fifteen years ago, when Nicky went in, it was no joke. So it's a... it's a stash house, right? The old lady's beat to shit, the husband's mean, cracked out, trying to give us trouble, Nicky lays him down. We're doing an inventory, but it looks like we messed up because there's no dope in the house, and I go in the back room. Now, this place was a shithole, mind you? Rats, roaches, all over the place. But the kid's room, in the back, was spotless. No, I mean, he swept it, mopped it; it was immaculate. The little boy's sitting on the bed, holding onto his playstation for dear life. There's no expression on his face, tears streaming down. He wants to tell me he just learned his multiplication tables.
Patrick Kenzie: Christ.
Detective Remy Bressant: I mean, the father's got him in this crack den, subsisting on twinkies and ass-whippings, and this little boy just wants someone to tell him that he's doing a good job. You're worried what's Catholic? I mean, kids forgive. Kids don't judge. Kids turn the other cheek. What do they get for it? So I went back out there, I put an ounce of heroin on the living room floor, and I sent the father on a ride, seven to life.
Patrick Kenzie: That's was the right thing?
Detective Remy Bressant: Fucking A! You gotta take a side. You molest a child, you beat a child, you're not on my side. If you see me coming, you better run, because I am gonna lay you the fuck down! Easy.
Patrick Kenzie: Don't feel easy.
Detective Remy Bressant: Is the kid better off without his father? Yeah. But okay, I mean, could be out there right now pumping with a gun in his waistband. It's a war, man. Are we winning? No.
Patrick Kenzie: I'm calling state police in five minutes. They'll be here in ten.
Capt. Jack Doyle: Thought you would've done that by now. You know why you haven't? Because you think this might be an irreparable mistake. Because deep inside you, you know it doesn't matter what the rules say. When the lights go out, and you ask yourself "is she better off here or better off there", you know the answer. And you always will. You... you could do a right thing here. A good thing. Men live their whole lives without getting this chance. You walk away from it, you may not regret it when you get home. You may not regret it for a year, but when you get to where I am, I promise you, you will. I'll be dead, you'll be old. But she... she'll be dragging around a couple of tattered, damaged children of her own, and you'll be the one who has to tell them you're sorry.
Patrick Kenzie: You know what? Maybe that'll happen. And if it does, I'll tell them I'm sorry and I'll live with it. But what's never gonna happen and what I'm not gonna do is have to apologize to a grown woman who comes to me and says: "I was kidnapped when I was a little girl, and my aunt hired you to find me. And you did, you found me with some strange family. But you broke your promise and you left me there. Why? Why didn't you bring me home? Because all the snacks and the outfits and the family trips don't matter. They stole me. It wasn't my family and you knew about it and you knew better and you did nothing". And maybe that grown woman will forgive me, but I'll never forgive myself.
Capt. Jack Doyle: I did what I did for the sake of the child. All right. For me, too. But now, I'm asking you for the sake of the child. I'm begging you. You think about it.
Patrick Kenzie: He lied to me. Now I can't think of one reason big enough for him to lie about that's small enough not to matter.
Detective Remy Bressant: Kids forgive, they don't judge, they turn the other cheek, and what do they get for it?
Capt. Jack Doyle: Do you have any children, Miss Gennaro?
Angie Gennaro: No, sir.
Capt. Jack Doyle: My only child was murdered. She was twelve. Did you hear about it? What you probably didn't hear, and what I hope you never have to deal with, Miss Gennaro, is what that feels like. What I have to deal with. Knowing that my little girl likely died crying out for me to come and save her. And I never did. My little girl died afraid and alone in a shallow ditch bank by the side of the road, not ten minutes from my house. I know what it feels like to lose a child. Now damn it, you force my hand and then you question the way I handle it.
Detective Remy Bressant: No one's questioning you, sir.
Capt. Jack Doyle: I honor my child with this division. So that no parent has to go through what I've known. This child. That's all I care about. I'm gonna bring her home.
Patrick Kenzie: So what kind of name is Bressant?
Detective Remy Bressant: It's the kind they give you in Lousiana.
Patrick Kenzie: Oh yeah? Thought you were from here.
Detective Remy Bressant: Well, it all depends on how you look at it. I mean, you might think that you're more from here than me, for example. But I've been living here longer than you been alive. So who's right?
Patrick Kenzie: I'll mull it over.
Patrick Kenzie: And like that, she was gone. We gave our statements. Nick and Remy the same. All of us spared any blame for Amanda's death. Jack Doyle resigned on the condition that he and he alone be held accountable. He was granted the dignity of early retirement, but the humiliation of half a pension. It was an ignominious end to an illustrious career.
Interrogating Officer: Now, you're at the quarry the other night, right? And you have no idea that this is a setup? You're baffled. Right?
Patrick Kenzie: No, because, strange as it might seem, I believe the police when they tell me something!
Interrogating Officer: You're a fresh prick, you know that?
Detective Remy Bressant: How well do you know "Cheese" Jean Baptiste?
Helene McCready: Who?
Nick Poole: Come on, sweetheart. "Cheese" Jean Baptiste.
Helene McCready: Oh, sounds familiar.
Detective Remy Bressant: No. It don't "sound familiar", Helene. He's a violent sociopathic Haitain criminal named Cheese. Either you know him or you don't.
Beatrice McCready: Do you know people in the neighborhood who don't talk to the police?
Patrick Kenzie: Yeah, one or two.
Beatrice McCready: We wanna hire you to augment the investigation of Amanda.
Detective Remy Bressant: Would you do it again? Clip Corwin Earle?
Patrick Kenzie: No.
Detective Remy Bressant: Does that make you right?
Patrick Kenzie: I don't know.
Detective Remy Bressant: It doesn't make it wrong, though, does it?
Officer in Procession: Mr. Kenzie. Nice fucking job on Corwin Earle.
Cheese: You got my money, you leave that shit in the mailbox on your ass way out, you feel me? Some other motherfuckers let fool rob on them. I don't play scrimmage. But I don't fuck with no kids. And if that girl only hope is you, well, I pray for her, because she's gone, baby. Gone.
Beatrice McCready: You took Amanda with you?
Helene McCready: Well, what am I gonna' do? Leave her in the car, Bea? I don't got no daycare. It's really hard bein' a mother. It's hard raisin a family, you know? All on my own. But God made you barren, so you wouldn't fuckin' know. So I understand, Bea, okay?
Beatrice McCready: You are an abomination.
Patrick Kenzie: Fucking cops. This is just unbelievable. The whole force standing outside the house, guarding the sidewalk with their arms crossed. I mean, are the kidnappers coming back?
Patrick Kenzie: Look at this. Jesus. Fucking bloc party here. Four Cape Verdeans got killed here last year. No one gave a shit.
Lionel McCready: She's at the Fillmore all the time.
Patrick Kenzie: She's at the Fillmore lounge?
Lionel McCready: Yeah, she drinks every day. She's got the gene, you know? The disease. Our parents had it too.
Patrick Kenzie: She use drugs?
Lionel McCready: I think she does a little coke.
Patrick Kenzie: How much is a little?
Lionel McCready: I don't know. Few times a week, maybe. I mean how much is a lot?
Patrick Kenzie: Few times a week's a lot.
Lionel McCready: Then she does a lot. I don't know anything about that. I put the plug in the jug myself, I got twenty-three years sobriety, so, I'm good.
Patrick Kenzie: Kidnapped the furniture, too?
Steve Penteroudakis: Yeah, listen, I been fucking everywhere putting up posters, man, you know? Every project hallway, all over City Point, everywhere, you know? I mean, it's a real tragedy. She used to come in here, sit up at the bar and shit. You know, she was like our mascot.
Angie Gennaro: Helene brought Amanda in here?
Steve Penteroudakis: No, mostly in the afternoons. I mean, it's not place for a child at night.
Detective Remy Bressant: Half the guys he knows are degenerates.
Patrick Kenzie: Yeah, you know what the other half are?
Detective Remy Bressant: What?
Patrick Kenzie: Cops. Don't hold it against me.
Lionel McCready: Helene's got emotional problems.
Beatrice McCready: It's not that, Lionel.
Lionel McCready: What is it, then?
Beatrice McCready: She's a cunt!
Lionel McCready: Beatrice, don't use that word.
Beatrice McCready: God help me, it's true.
Patrick Kenzie: Is that Mirabelle?
Amanda McCready: Annabelle.
Helene McCready: I know I fucked up. I just want my daughter back. I swear to God, I won't use no drugs no more. I won't even go out; I'll be fucking straight. Cross my heart.
Patrick Kenzie: It's all right. We're gonna find her, Helene.
Helene McCready: You have to. You promise?
Patrick Kenzie: Yeah. I'm gonna try. I will.
Helene McCready: Promise. You have to promise me.
Patrick Kenzie: I promise.
Helene McCready: I feel like 9/11 now.
Detective Remy Bressant: If you see me comin' you better run cause I'm gonna lay you the fuck down!
Patrick Kenzie: What makes you think Ray hasn't spent all the money?
Helene McCready: Nigga please, I hid it.
Helene McCready: The thing is, she always had a smile on her face. That was her. She was always smiling. I mean, who would take my little girl? She never hurt anybody, never caused...
Beatrice McCready: Whoever you are, if you have her, you just let her go. Now we won't charge you, but if you're out there, just let her come home.
Beatrice McCready: You'll find us in that brown three-decker by the park. You know where it is.
Lionel McCready: Be hard to miss today.
Angie Gennaro: We have a good life, right?
Patrick Kenzie: Is that a trick question?
Angie Gennaro: I don't wanna find their little kid in a dumpster.
Patrick Kenzie: Maybe she's not in a dumpster, babe.
Angie Gennaro: I don't wanna find a little kid after they've been abused for three days.
Patrick Kenzie: Hon, nobody does.
Dottie: I remember you from high school. I see you're still a little conceited, huh?
Capt. Jack Doyle: You ever investigated an abduction before?
Patrick Kenzie: I think Mrs. McCready was hoping we could help with the neighborhood aspect of this investigation, the people, you know.
Capt. Jack Doyle: How old are you?
Patrick Kenzie: I'm thirty-one.
Angie Gennaro: He just looks young.
Capt. Jack Doyle: A four year old child is on the street. It's seventy-six hours and counting. And the prospects for where she might be are beginning to look grim, you understand? Half of all the children in these cases are killed, flat out. If we don't catch the abductor by day one, only about ten percent are ever solved. This is day three. He may look young, but if he wants to work this case, he better not act it.
Patrick Kenzie: Well, he's been hired by a woman who's the victim of a crime, and by law he's entitled as her representative to be cooperated by the Boston Police Department. So he expects to be.
Capt. Jack Doyle: And so he will be.
Big Dave: Listen, I ain't saying a fucking word. I already talked to the fucking cops.
Patrick Kenzie: All right. Dave, right?
Big Dave: Big Dave.
Patrick Kenzie: Big Dave. All right. I'm Medium Patrick. Nice to meet you.
Big Dave: You're a little fucking light in the ass to be talking shit, ain't ya?
Lenny: You ever wanna get fucked, let me know.
Patrick Kenzie: How's that, motherfucker? Now you know.
Angie Gennaro: Did you ever sell to Helene?
Bubba Rogowski: There's reasons why there ain't three inches of plexiglass between us right now. That's because I don't fuck with skeezers like Helene. Or coconuts like Cheese. You should know better by now. I'm the king of this motherfucking jungle.
Detective Remy Bressant: You even give a fuck about your kid?
Patrick Kenzie: Go on. Move your bike!
Kid on Bike: Go fuck your mother!
Patrick Kenzie: What the...
Kid on Bike: Beat it, sucker!
Cheese: Bitches love the cheddar.
Patrick Kenzie: I couldn't stop running it over and over and over in my mind. The vague and distant suspicion that we never understood what happened that night; what our role was. Or maybe it was just like the hundreds of other children who disappear each year and never return. Amanda was even more haunting for never being found.
Patrick Kenzie: They say how old the boy was?
Detective Remy Bressant: Seven.
Patrick Kenzie: Second grade.
Detective Remy Bressant: Should be proud of yourself. Most guys would've stayed outside.
Patrick Kenzie: I don't know.
Detective Remy Bressant: What don't you know?
Patrick Kenzie: My priest says shame is god telling you what you did was wrong.
Detective Remy Bressant: Fuck him.
Patrick Kenzie: Murder's a sin.
Detective Remy Bressant: Depends on who you do it to.
Roberta Trett: Corwin! Go back to your room!
Corwin Earle: It's not a party?
Corwin Earle: It was an accident.
Angie Gennaro: They told me what happened. I'm proud of you. That man killed a child. He had no right to live.
Patrick Kenzie: You're proud of me?
Angie Gennaro: Of course I am. You did what you had to do.
Cheese: Get that sausage off my lawn.
Angie Gennaro: This is horrible.
Patrick Kenzie: Not for Channel 9.
Patrick Kenzie: Make me a fucking martini, you fat fucking retard!
Detective Remy Bressant: That bartender wasn't fucking around.
Angie Gennaro: So you're bringing the FBI into this?
Detective Remy Bressant: That's the worst thing we could do.
Angie Gennaro: Why is that?
Detective Remy Bressant: Because I don't want to see Cheese kill Amanda after he opens a bag full of newspapers.
Angie Gennaro: It's kidnapping.
Detective Remy Bressant: I don't see a note. Do you see a note?
Nick Poole: Nope. No note.
Detective Remy Bressant: We're investigating a missing children's case here. Kidnapping has nothing to do with it. The fastest way to get Amanda home is go to Cheese, swap the money for her, and walk away. Plain and simple.
Helene McCready: Do you know Cheese?
Patrick Kenzie: I knew his brother better - Jude. He was a sweet kid. Cheese went another way.
Helene McCready: He wouldn't hurt her, right?
Nick Poole: Ask Ray.
Patrick Kenzie: All right, listen. All he cares about is his money. If he gets it back, he's not going to hurt her. Maybe.
Detective Remy Bressant: Just keep your mouths shut, okay? We'll get her back. It'll be fine.
Helene McCready: You're going to talk to him?
Detective Remy Bressant: Yeah, that's the idea.
Helene McCready: Well tell him I'm sorry, all right? I mean, he knows me. Just tell him I apologize.
Nick Poole: Yeah, I'm sure that'll fix everything.
Detective Remy Bressant: Corwin Earle. Serial molester, recently work-release. Went AWOL around the time Amanda disappeared.
Nick Poole: Known associates - Leon Trett and his handsome wife, Roberta. The Tretts were released six and eight months ago, respectively. They have drug habits. We don't know where they are, but we think Corwin's with them. Jailhouse snitch claims that Corwin confided in him and told him when he got out, he was gonna move in with his family. Apparently, the three of them have some kind of Addams Family deal going on.
Detective Remy Bressant: Corwin's plan is to keep a kid in the house to have sex with.
Patrick Kenzie: Well, that sounds promising.
Detective Remy Bressant: Not for Amanda, it doesn't.
Angie Gennaro: Do you think this is who has Amanda?
Nick Poole: Well, there's a lot of holes in our theory. I mean, Corwin likes little boys, you know? He likes them seven or eight or nine.
Cheese: I grant you audience. Go.
Patrick Kenzie: We found what you were looking for in Chelsea.
Cheese: What I care about Chelsea?
Patrick Kenzie: Because one of the idiots that robbed you lived there.
Cheese: What idiot?
Patrick Kenzie: The one that you and Chris beat with a pipe and shot in the chest.
Cheese: I don't know nobody getting kill. But if somebody rob me and end up dead... well, you know, life is a motherfucker.
Nick Poole: SWAT'll be here in five minutes.
Patrick Kenzie: You're not gonna wait for them?
Detective Remy Bressant: Did you or did you not tell me you saw Corwin Earle with the medallion of St. Christopher around his fucking wrist?
Patrick Kenzie: I definitely saw Corwin Earle.
Detective Remy Bressant: We're not waiting.
Detective Remy Bressant: Where I come from, you die with your secrets.
Patrick Kenzie: How's he going to get her up here?
Patrick Kenzie: We're just trying to help, captain.
Capt. Jack Doyle: Look, I don't care who does it. I just want it done.     