
Bellatrix Lestrange: You stupid elf! You could have killed me!
Dobby the House Elf: Dobby never meant to kill! Dobby only meant to maim, or seriously injure!
Fred Weasley, George Weasley: Wow, we're identical!
Dobby the House Elf: What a beautiful place... to be with friends.
Ron Weasley: Oh my God. What am I gonna do? My wife's all alone downstairs!
Harry Potter: Ron, you don't have a wife.
Ron Weasley: Right.
Harry Potter: You're not still mad at him, are you?
Hermione Granger: I'm always mad at him.
Fred Weasley: How you feeling, Georgie?
George Weasley: ...Saint-like.
Fred Weasley: ...Come again?
George Weasley: Saint-like.
George Weasley: I'm holey.
Fred Weasley: Pathetic! With the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you, you go for "holey"?
George Weasley: Morning.
Bellatrix Lestrange: How dare you defy your master!
Dobby the House Elf: Dobby has no master. Dobby is a free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and his friends!
Vernon Dursley: This isn't just goodbye, boy, is it? This is farewell.
Dudley Dursley: I don't understand. Isn't he coming with us?
Vernon Dursley: Who?
Dudley Dursley: Harry.
Vernon Dursley: Absolutely not.
Dudley Dursley: Why?
Vernon Dursley: Why?
Vernon Dursley: Because he doesn't want to. Do you, boy?
Harry Potter: Absolutely not, no. Besides, I'm just a waste of space. Isn't that right, Vernon?
Vernon Dursley: Come on Dudley. We're off.
Dudley Dursley: I don't think you're a waste of space.
Harry Potter: Thanks.
Harry Potter: See you, Big D.
Harry Potter: I want to bury him. Properly, without magic.
Nymphadora Tonks: Deserves that. Brilliant, he was. Wouldn't be standing here without him.
Hermione Granger: Really?
Ron Weasley: Always the tone of surprise.
Petunia Dursley: I have lived in this house for twenty years, and now in a single night, I'm expected to leave.
Harry Potter: They'll torture you. If they think for a moment you know where I'm going, they'll stop at nothing.
Petunia Dursley: You think I don't know what they're capable of? You didn't just lose a mother that night in Godric's Hollow, you know. I lost a sister.
Petunia Dursley: Ron Weasley: Ron Weasley: We wouldn't last two days without her.
Ron Weasley: Don't tell her I said that.
Luna Lovegood: Hello, Harry! Oh, I've interrupted a deep thought, haven't I? I can see it growing smaller in your eyes.
Harry Potter: No, of course not. How are you, Luna?
Luna Lovegood: Very well. I was bitten by a garden gnome only moments ago.
Xenophilius Lovegood: Gnome saliva is enormously beneficial! Xenophilius Lovegood.
Xenophilius Lovegood: We live just over the hill!
Harry Potter: Very nice to meet you, sir.
Xenophilius Lovegood: I trust you to know, Mr. Potter, that we at the Quibbler, unlike those toadies at the Daily Prophet, fully supported Dumbledore during his lifetime, and his death support you as fully.
Luna Lovegood: Come, Daddy. Harry doesn't wanna talk to us right now. He's just too polite to say so.
Ron Weasley: I've always liked these flames Hermione makes.
Ron Weasley: How long do you reckon she'll stay mad at me?
Harry Potter: Well, just keep talking about that little ball of light touching your heart, and she'll come 'round.
Ron Weasley: It was true, every word. This is gonna sound crazy, but I think that's why Dumbledore left it to me, the Deluminator. I think he knew that somehow I'd need it to find my way back, and she'd lead me.
Ginny Weasley: Seems silly, doesn't it? A wedding. Given everything that's going on.
Harry Potter: Maybe that's the best reason to have it. Because of everything that's going on.
Hermione Granger: Oh my God...
Harry Potter: What?
Hermione Granger: I'll tell you in a minute.
Harry Potter: How about you tell me now?
Hermione Granger: Alright. The Sword of Gryffindor. It's Goblin-made.
Harry Potter: Brilliant!
Hermione Granger: We didn't celebrate your birthday, Harry. Ginny and I... we'd prepared a cake. We were going to bring it out at the end of the wedding.
Harry Potter: Hermione... I appreciate the thought, honestly. But given that we were almost killed by a couple of Death Eaters a few minutes ago...
Hermione Granger: Right. Perspective.
Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody: Fair warning, it tastes like goblin piss.
Fred Weasley: Have lots of experience with that, do you, Mad-Eye?
Fred Weasley: Just trying to diffuse the tension.
Ron Weasley: Going somewhere?
Harry Potter: No one else is going to die. Not for me.
Ron Weasley: For you? You think Mad-Eye died for you? You think George took that curse for you? You may be the Chosen One, mate, but this is a whole lot bigger than that.
Ron Weasley: You're amazing, you are!
Hermione Granger: Always the tone of surprise.
Luna Lovegood: We should close his eyes. Don't you think?
Luna Lovegood: There. Now he could be sleeping.
Harry Potter: It was you!
Ron Weasley: Well, yeah. Obviously.
Harry Potter: And the doe. That was you as well.
Ron Weasley: No. I reckoned it was you.
Harry Potter: My Patronus is a stag.
Ron Weasley: Right.
Ron Weasley: Antlers.
Harry Potter: You're lying, Dolores... and one mustn't tell lies!
Hermione Granger: Actually I'm highly logical which allows me to look past extraneous detail and perceive clearly that which others overlook.
Harry Potter: Merry Christmas, Hermione.
Hermione Granger: Merry Christmas, Harry.
Luna Lovegood: Whenever you're ready, Sir.
Dobby the House Elf: "Sir"? I like her very much.
Harry Potter: This is mental.
Hermione Granger: Completely mental.
Ron Weasley: The world's mental.
Ron Weasley: Hey!
Hermione Granger: You...
Hermione Granger: Complete...
Hermione Granger: *Arse*, Ronald Weasley! You show up here after weeks, and you say 'Hey'?
Hermione Granger: Where's my wand, Harry? Where's my wand?
Harry Potter: I don't know!
Hermione Granger: Harry Potter, you give me my wand!
Fleur Delacour: Bill, look away, I'm hideous!
Hermione Granger: Harry, your eyesight really is awful.
Ron Weasley: Are you mental?
Cormac McLaggen: My father *will* hear about this.
Neville Longbottom: Hey, losers. He isn't here.
Ron Weasley: We have to flush ourselves in!
Ron Weasley: That's disgusting.
Tom Riddle: I have seen your heart and it is mine. I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have seen your fears...
Harry Potter: Ron! Don't listen to it!
Tom Riddle: Least loved by the mother who craved a daughter. Least loved, by the girl who prefers your friend...
Harry Potter: Ron! Stab it!
Riddle-Harry: We were better without you, happier without you.
Riddle-Hermione: Who could look at you beside Harry Potter? What are you, compared to the Chosen One...?
Harry Potter: Ron! It lies! Stab it! STAB IT!
Riddle-Harry: Your mother confessed that she would have preferred me as a son...
Riddle-Hermione: Who wouldn't prefer him? What woman would take you? You are nothing... nothing... nothing to him...
Ron Weasley: NOOO!
Ron Weasley: Just think... only three to go.
Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody: Potter, you're underage. Which means you still have the trace on you.
Harry Potter: What's the trace?
Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody: If you sneeze, the Ministry will know who wipes your nose. Point is we'll have to use those means of transport the trace can't detect. Brooms, thestrals, anf the like. We'll go in pairs, that way if anyones out there waiting for us, and I reckon there will be, they won't know which Harry Potter is the real one.
Harry Potter: The real one?
Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody: I believe you're familiar with this particular brew.
Harry Potter: No, absolutely not.
Hermione Granger: Told you he'd take it well.
Harry Potter: How did you find us?
Ron Weasley: With this. It doesn't just turn off lights. I don't know how it works, but Christmas morning, I was sleeping in this little pub, keeping away from some Snatchers, and I heard it.
Harry Potter: "It"?
Ron Weasley: A voice. Your voice, Hermione. Coming out of it.
Hermione Granger: And what exactly did I say, may I ask?
Ron Weasley: My name. Just my name. Like a whisper. So I took it, clicked it and this tiny ball of light appeared. And I knew. And sure enough, it floated towards me, the ball of light, right through my chest and straight through me. Right here
Ron Weasley: And I knew it was going to take me where I needed to go.
Harry Potter: Engorgio!
Harry Potter: Reducio!
Hermione Granger: What's going on in there?
Harry Potter, Ron Weasley: Nothing!
Hermione Granger: We need to talk.
Ron Weasley: Mum used to read those to me as a kid! "The Wizard and the Hopping Pot," "Babbity Rabbity And Her Cackling Stump"...
Ron Weasley: Come on! Babitty Rabbity... No?
Hermione Granger: I still think we should have used Polyjuice Potion.
Harry Potter: No. This is where I was born. I'm not returning as someone else.
Waitress: Can I take your order?
Hermione Granger: I'll have a cappucino.
Waitress: You?
Ron Weasley: What she said.
Harry Potter: Same.
Bellatrix Lestrange: That sword is meant to be in my vault at Gringotts, how did you get it? Did you and your friends take it from my vault?
Hermione Granger: I didn't take anything. Please. I didn't take anything.
Bellatrix Lestrange: I don't believe it.
Xenophilius Lovegood: The Elder Wand, the most powerful wand ever made.
Xenophilius Lovegood: The Resurrection Stone.
Xenophilius Lovegood: The Cloak of Invisibility. Together, they make the Deathly Hallows. Together, they make one master of death.
Lord Voldemort: What say you, Pius?
Pius Thicknesse: One hears many things, my Lord. Which among them is the truth is not clear.
Lord Voldemort: Ha! Spoken like a true politician. You will, I think, prove most useful, Pius.
Hermione Granger: We're alone.
Yaxley: Cattermole! It's still raining inside my office!
Ron Weasley: Uh... have you tried an umbrella?
Lucius Malfoy: My Lord?
Lord Voldemort: My Lord?
Ron Weasley: You don't know why I listen to the radio, do you? To make sure I don't hear Ginny's name. Or Fred, or George, or Mum.
Harry Potter: You think I'm not listening too? You think I don't know how this feels?
Ron Weasley: No, you *don't* know how it feels! Your parents are dead! You have no family!
Hermione Granger: Stop!
Harry Potter: Fine then, go! Go then! Leave the locket.
Hermione Granger: Ron...
Ron Weasley: And you? Are you coming or are you staying?
Ron Weasley: Fine. I get it. I saw you two the other night.
Hermione Granger: Ron, that's - that's nothing!
Rufus Scrimgeour: These are dark times, there is no denying. Our world has perhaps faced no greater threat than it does today. But I say this to our citizenry: We, ever your servants, will continue to defend your liberty and repel the forces that seek to take it from you! Your Ministry remains strong.
Rufus Scrimgeour: I won't pretend to be your friend, Mr. Potter. But I'm not your enemy.
Harry Potter: Forgive me minister, but it's a little hard to tell the difference now-a-days.
Kingsley Shacklebolt: The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us.
Remus Lupin: "Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him."
Lord Voldemort: Where will he be taken, the boy?
Severus Snape: To a safe house. Most likely the home of someone in the Order. I've been told he's been given every manner of protection possible. Once there, it will be impractical to attack him.
Charity Burbage: Severus, please! We were friends...
Lord Voldemort: Avada Kedavra!
Lord Voldemort: Nagini... dinner.
Bellatrix Lestrange: My Lord, I'd like to volunteer for this task. I want to kill the boy.
Lord Voldemort: Wormtail! Have I not spoken to you about keeping our guest quiet?
Wormtail: Yes, my Lord. Right away, my Lord.
Lord Voldemort: As inspiring as I find your bloodlust Bellatrix, I must be the one to kill Harry Potter.
Scabior: Hello beautiful.
Scabior: Well, don't just hang in there. Snatch 'em!
Scabior: What happened to you ugly?
Scabior: No, not you.
Dobby the House Elf: Mr Weasley, so good to see you again!
Ron Weasley: Wicked trainers.
Draco Malfoy: What's wrong with his face?
Bellatrix Lestrange: Yes, what is wrong with his face?
Scabior: He came to us like that, something he picked up in the forest I reckon.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Or ran into a stinging jinx. Was it you deary? Give me her wand, we'll see what her last spell was. Ah ha, I got you. Ha!
Dobby the House Elf: And then Dobby saw Kreacher talking to the thief Mundungus...
Mundungus Fletcher: I'm not a thief! You foul little... git! I'm a buyer and purveyor of wondrous objects.
Ron Weasley: You're a thief Dung, everyone knows it!
Harry Potter: I don't care about a bloody wedding! No matter whose it is. I have to start searching for the Horcruxes. It's the only chance we have to beat him. And the longer we wait, the stronger he gets.
Ron Weasley: Tonight's not that night, mate. You'd only be doing him a favor.
Ron Weasley: Do you think he knows? I mean, they're bits of his soul. The Horcruxes. Bits of him. When Dumbledore destroyed the ring and you destroyed Tom Riddle's diary all those years ago... He must've felt something, right? What I'm saying is, if we do this thing right, if we find the Horcruxes and begin to destroy them one by one... Won't he know he's being hunted?
Bellatrix Lestrange: Get Draco.
Ron Weasley: He doesn't know what he's doing, does he?
Hermione Granger: None of us do.
Ron Weasley: Don't expect me to get excited over another damn thing we need to find.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Well, well, well, look what we have here. It's Harry Potter. He's all bright, and shiny, and new again, just in time for the Dark Lord.
Pius Thicknesse: You have nothing to fear, if you have nothing to hide.
Lord Voldemort: To those of you who do not know: we are joined tonight by Ms. Charity Burbage, who until recently taught at Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft And Wizardry. Her speciality was Muggle Studies. It is Ms. Burbage's belief that Muggles are not so different from us. She would, given her way, have us... mate with them.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Blech!
Bellatrix Lestrange: Don't be shy sweetie, come over. Now if this isn't who we think it is, Draco, and we call him, he'll kill us all. We need to be absolutely sure.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Liar! Consider yourself lucky, goblin.
Kingsley Shacklebolt: The Ministry has fallen. The Minister of Magic is dead. They are coming.
Harry Potter: I thought you knew what you had signed up for!
Ron Weasley: Yeah, I thought so too!
Hermione Granger: "There were once three brothers, who were traveling along a lonely winding road at twilight. In time, the brothers reached a river too treacherous to pass. But being learned in the magical arts, the three brothers simply waved their wands and made a bridge. Before they could cross, however, they found their path blocked by a hooded figure. It was Death, and he felt cheated, cheated because travelers would normally drown in the river. But Death was cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brothers on their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for being clever enough to evade him. The oldest asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence, so Death fashioned one from an elder tree that stood nearby. The second brother decided he wanted to humiliate Death even further, and asked for the power to recall loved ones from the grave. So Death plucked a stone from the river and offered it to him. Finally, Death turned to the third brother. A humble man, he asked for something that would allow him to go forth from that place without being followed by Death. And so it was that Death reluctantly handed over his own cloak of invisibility. The first brother traveled to a distant village, where with the Elder Wand in hand, he killed a wizard with whom he had once quarreled. Drunk with the power that the Elder Wand had given him, he bragged of his invincibility. But that night, another wizard stole the Wand and slit the brother's throat for good measure. And so Death took the first brother for his own. The second brother journeyed to his home, where he took the Stone and turned it thrice in hand. To his delight, the girl he'd once hoped to marry before her untimely death appeared before him. Yet soon she turned sad and cold, for she did not belong in the living world. Driven mad with hopeless longing, the second brother killed himself so as to join her. And so Death took the second brother. As for the third brother, Death searched for many years, but was never able to find him. Only when he attained a great age did the youngest brother shed the Cloak of Invisibility and give it to his son. He then greeted Death as an old friend and went with him gladly, departing this life as equals."
Xenophilius Lovegood: So there you are. Those are the Deathly Hallows.
Ron Weasley: Just think. Only three more to go.
Severus Snape: We have infiltrated the Ministry.
Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody: I'd say we get on the cover before someone murders them!
Remus Lupin: Harry, no! GO!
Rubeus Hagrid: Hang on, Harry!
Hermione Granger: If Voldemort's really taken over the Ministry, none of the old places are safe.
Lucius Malfoy: If we are the ones to hand Potter to the Dark Lord, everything will be as it was, you understand?
Lord Voldemort: Severus. I was beginning to worry that you had lost your way. Come, we've saved you a seat. You bring news I trust?
Severus Snape: It will happen Saturday next, at nightfall.
Yaxley: I heard differently my Lord. Dawlish, the auror, has let slip that the Potter boy will not be moved until the 30th of this month, the day before he turns 17.
Severus Snape: This is a false trail. The auror office no longer plays any part in the protection of Harry Potter.
Ron Weasley: Seems strange, mate. Dumbledore sends you off to find a load of Horcruxes, but doesn't bother to tell you how to destroy them. Doesn't that bother you?
Remus Lupin: We've been betrayed!
Xenophilius Lovegood: I've got him!
Rubeus Hagrid: Hang on, Harry!
Harry Potter: Help me!
Rufus Scrimgeour: These are dark times, there is no denying. Our world has faced no greater threat than it does today, but you can't fight this war on your own, Mr. Potter... he's too strong.
Ron Weasley: Let's get off the streets and get somewhere safe.
Xenophilius Lovegood: Well, it's the sign of the Deathly Hallows, of course.
Ron Weasley, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger: The what?
Xenophilius Lovegood: The Deathly Hallows. I assume you're all familiar with "The Tale of the Three Brothers"?
Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger: Yes.
Harry Potter: No.
Rubeus Hagrid: Lupin!
Ginny Weasley: What are you doing?
Remus Lupin: Shh. What creature sat in the corner the first time Harry Potter visited my office in Hogwarts?
Harry Potter: Are you mad?
Remus Lupin: WHAT CREATURE?
Harry Potter: A Grindylow.
Remus Lupin: We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew you were being moved tonight. I had to make sure you weren't an impostor.
Bellatrix Lestrange: Cissy, put the boys in the cellar! I'm going to have a conversation with this one, girl to girl.
Dolores Umbridge: You are not a witch.
Narcissa Malfoy: Lucius!
Hermione Granger: "There were once three brothers, who were traveling along a lonely winding road at twilight"...
Ron Weasley: Midnight. Mum always said midnight.
Ron Weasley: Twilight's fine. Better, actually.
Hermione Granger: Do you want to read it?
Ron Weasley: No, no.
Harry Potter: This one's name is Rowle. He was on the Astronomy Tower the night Snape killed Dumbledore.
Ron Weasley: This is Dolohov. I recognize him from the wanted posters.
Ron Weasley: So what are we going to do with you, eh? Kill us if it was turned around, wouldn't you?
Harry Potter: If we kill them, they'll know we were here.
Hermione Granger: Ron...
Ron Weasley: Suppose he did Mad-Eye? How would you feel then?
Harry Potter: It's better we wipe their memories.
Ron Weasley: You're the boss. Hermione...
Ron Weasley: You're the best at spells.
Hermione Granger: Obliviate.     