
Lines on screen: They say it's the last song. They don't know us, you see. It's only the last song if we let it be.
Selma: You like the movies, don't you?
Bill Houston: I love the movies. I just love the musicals.
Selma: But isn't it annoying when they do the last song in the films?
Bill Houston: Why?
Selma: Because you just know when it goes really big... and the camera goes like out of the roof... and you just know it's going to end. I hate that. I would leave just after the next to last song... and the film would just go on forever.
Selma: This isn't the last song, there's no violin, the choir is quiet, and no one takes a spin, this is the next to last song, and that's all...
Jeff: You can't see, can you?
Selma: What is there to see?
Selma: In a musical, nothing dreadful ever happens.
Jeff: Why did you have him? You knew he would have the same disease as you.
Selma: I just wanted to hold a little baby.
Jeff: I don't understand. In musicals, why do they start to sing and dance all of a sudden? I mean, I don't suddenly start... to sing and dance.
Selma: I listen to my heart.
Selma: There's no more to see...
Selma: Clatter, crash, clack, racket, bang, thump, rattle, clang, crack, thud, whack, bam! It's music, now dance!
Selma: Cvalda.
Kathy: Why do you call me that?
Selma: It's like, someone whose...
Kathy: What?
Selma: I don't know, just big and happy.
Kathy: I am not that big. And happy, I don't know.
Selma: You just need someone to pull it out.
District Attorney: If this relationship was made up by the defendant, then, can you think of any way she might have come to know your name?
Oldrich Novy: I was once well known in Czechoslovakia, because of my profession.
District Attorney: Yes, Mr. Oldrich Novy, what is your profession? Maybe that can give us a clue to why, why this somewhat romantic, certainly Communistic, woman who worships Fred Astaire, but not his country, why she might have lied and misused your name - make everybody think that all the money was spent on a poor father and not on her own vanity. What is it that you do?
Oldrich Novy: I was an actor. I made films - they were musicals.
Kathy: But he needs his mother, you know, alive, no matter where!
Selma: You don't understand! He needs his eyes!
Kathy: He needs his mother!
Selma: No!
Kathy: Yes! Alive!
Selma: NO!
Kathy: Listen to reason for once, Selma! Selma...
Selma: I listen to my heart...
Selma: I'm just not that kind of mother.
Gene Jezkova: Can't you be that kind of a mother?
Bill Houston: Thank you for telling me your secret.
Selma: Thanks for telling me yours.
Bill Houston: Mums the word, right?
Selma: Mum?
Bill Houston: We don't tell anybody.
Selma: Oh, yes, I won't tell anyone.
Selma: Forgive me. I am so sorry. I just did what I had to do, I just did what I had to do, I just did what I had to do, I just did what I had to do.
Norman: She said Communism was - better for human beings.
District Attorney: She had nothing but contempt for our great country and it's principals.
Norman: Apart from it's musicals! She said the American one - the American ones were better.
District Attorney: So, the defendant preferred Hollywood to Vladivostok.
Brenda: You'll be transferred to the other cellblock, at some point tomorrow.
Selma: That's the cellblock where they hang people?
Brenda: Yeah. That's were they spend the last day.
Selma: And then they do the 107 steps - it's from that room to the gallows, isn't it?
Brenda: That's what they say, Selma. But, look it, you're gonna get your stay. Why don't you try to think of something nice. All right?
Selma: It's just so quiet here.
Kathy: You were right, Selma - listen to your heart!
Selma: You keep readin'.
Gene Jezkova: So long, farewell auf wiedersehen, adieu, adieu, adieu, to yieu and yieu and yieu.
Selma: To yieu and yieu. What - what does that mean? Yieu?
Gene Jezkova: It's your dumb musical.
Selma: Yieu?
Gene Jezkova: It's German.
Selma: Do you think?
Gene Jezkova: Why? Why should you - always ask me so - so stupid questions?
Norman: You Commie's make a big deal out of sharing everything.
Selma: Yeah. It's - it's a good thing.
Norman: What are you doing here - if - eh, Czechoslovakia's so much better than the U. S. of A.?
Oldrich Novy: I didn't mind it at all. That you were having a ball - at my musicals. And I was always there to catch you.
Selma: You were always there to catch me. You were always there to catch me. You were always there to catch me. When I fall.
Prison Guard - Serving Selma Jezkova's last meal: Your meal, Jezková,     