
Chuck Noland: We both had done the math. Kelly added it all up and... knew she had to let me go. I added it up, and knew that I had... lost her. 'cos I was never gonna get off that island. I was gonna die there, totally alone. I was gonna get sick, or get injured or something. The only choice I had, the only thing I could control was when, and how, and where it was going to happen. So... I made a rope and I went up to the summit, to hang myself. I had to test it, you know? Of course. You know me. And the weight of the log, snapped the limb of the tree, so I-I - , I couldn't even kill myself the way I wanted to. I had power over *nothing*. And that's when this feeling came over me like a warm blanket. I knew, somehow, that I had to stay alive. Somehow. I had to keep breathing. Even though there was no reason to hope. And all my logic said that I would never see this place again. So that's what I did. I stayed alive. I kept breathing. And one day my logic was proven all wrong because the tide came in, and gave me a sail. And now, here I am. I'm back. In Memphis, talking to you. I have ice in my glass... And I've lost her all over again. I'm so sad that I don't have Kelly. But I'm so grateful that she was with me on that island. And I know what I have to do now. I gotta keep breathing. Because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring?
Chuck Noland: WILSON!
Chuck Noland: I'm sorry, Wilson. Wilson, I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Chuck Noland: We live and we die by time, and we must not commit the sin of turning our back on time.
Chuck Noland: Aha. Look what I've created. I have made FIRE.
Chuck Noland: Don't worry Wilson, I'll do all the paddling. You just hang on.
Chuck Noland: We might just make it. Did that thought ever cross your brain? Well, regardless, I would rather take my chance out there on the ocean than to stay here and die on this shithole island, spending the rest of my life talking...
Chuck Noland: ...TO A GODDAMN VOLLEYBALL!
Chuck Noland: Gotta love crab. In the nick of time too. I couldn't take much more of those coconuts. Coconut milk is a natural laxative. That's something Gilligan never told us.
Chuck Noland: I couldn't even kill myself the way I wanted to. I had power over nothing.
Kelly Frears: I always knew you were alive, I knew it. Everybody said that I had to let you go. I love you. You're the love of my life.
Chuck Noland: I love you too, Kelly. More than you'll ever know.
Stan: We buried you. There was a coffin, a gravestone... the whole thing.
Chuck Noland: I had a coffin?
Chuck Noland: Well what was in it?
Chuck Noland: The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
Bettina Peterson: You look lost.
Chuck Noland: I do?
Bettina Peterson: Where're you headed?
Chuck Noland: Well, I was just about to figure that out.
Bettina Peterson: Well, that's 83 South. And this road here will hook you up with I-40 East. If you turn right, that'll take you to Amarillo, Flagstaff, California. And if you head back that direction, you'll find a whole lot of nothing all the way to Canada.
Chuck Noland: I got it.
Bettina Peterson: All right, then. Good luck, cowboy.
Chuck Noland: Thank you.
Chuck Noland: You wouldn't have a match by any chance would you?
Kelly Frears: You said you'd be right back.
Chuck Noland: I'm so sorry.
Kelly Frears: Me too.
Chuck Noland: We live and we die by the clock, that's all we have.
Chuck Noland: I'm always going to keep this watch on Memphis time. Kelly time.
Chuck Noland: Do, do you have to keep bringing that up, huh? Ok, so it was a good thing we did a test because it wasn't going to be just a quick snap. Would've broken my neck, or leg or my back. Would've bled to death on the beach, but it's in the past. It was what, a year ago? SO let's just forget it.
Chuck Noland: 87 hours is an eternity. The cosmos was created in less time.
Chuck Noland: I should've never gotten on that plane. I should've never gotten out of the car.
Chuck Noland: You need to go home.
Chuck Noland: Hey, you want to hear something funny? My dentist's name is James Spalding.
Chuck Noland: First thing it's two minutes, then four, then six, then the next thing you know, we're the U.S. mail.
Chuck Noland: So, let me get one thing straight here... We have a pro football team now, but they're in Nashville?
Chuck Noland: Let's not commit the sin of turning our back on time.
Chuck Noland: Bakersfield? BAKERSFIELD! BAKERSFIELD!
Chuck Noland: Hey, HEY, It's a ship. HEY. HEY. HEY SHIP. HEY. Wait, look look, S.O.S... Oh come on. HELP. Please.
Chuck Noland: This could work! This could work...
Chuck Noland: Hey, is all this turbulence from Santa and those eight tiny reindeer?
Chuck Noland: Hello! Anybody?
Chuck Noland: I'll be right back.
Chuck Noland: That's a search area of 500,000 square miles. That's twice the size of Texas. They may never find us.
Chuck Noland: If I'm here New Year's Eve, then I'm here. If I'm not, I'm not.
Chuck Noland: Nickolai. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock.
Kelly Frears: Hello?
Stan: Kelly it's Stan.
Kelly Frears: Oh how are you?
Stan: Good. I have something to tell you.
Kelly Frears: Okay.
Stan: A cargo ship was out at sea today and they found someone floating on a raft... It was Chuck! He's alive!
    