
Frodo: I can't do this, Sam.
Sam: I know. It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something.
Frodo: What are we holding onto, Sam?
Sam: That there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo... and it's worth fighting for.
Gimli: Oh come on, we can take 'em.
Aragorn: It's a long way.
Gimli: Toss me.
Aragorn: What?
Gimli: I cannot jump the distance, you'll have to toss me.
Gimli: Gimli: Don't tell the Elf.
Aragorn: Not a word.
Sam: What we need is a few good taters.
Gollum: What's taters, precious? What's taters, eh?
Sam: *Po-tay-toes!* Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew... Lovely big golden chips with a nice piece of fried fish.
Sam: Even you couldn't say no to that.
Gollum: Oh yes we could. Spoilin' nice fish. Give it to us raw and w-r-r-riggling; you keep nasty chips.
Sam: You're hopeless.
Legolas: Final count, forty-two.
Gimli: Forty-two? Oh, that's not bad for a pointy-eared elvish princeling. Hmph! I myself am sitting pretty on forty-THREE.
Legolas: Forty-three.
Gimli: He was already dead!
Legolas: He was twitching.
Gimli: He was *twitching* because he's got my axe EMBEDDED IN HIS NERVOUS SYSTEM!
Sam: I wonder if we'll ever be put into songs or tales.
Frodo: What?
Sam: I wonder if people will ever say, 'Let's hear about Frodo and the Ring.' And they'll say 'Yes, that's one of my favorite stories. Frodo was really courageous, wasn't he, Dad?' 'Yes, my boy, the most famousest of hobbits. And that's saying a lot.'
Frodo: You've left out one of the chief characters - Samwise the Brave. I want to hear more about Sam.
Frodo: Frodo wouldn't have got far without Sam.
Sam: Now Mr. Frodo, you shouldn't make fun; I was being serious.
Frodo: So was I.
Sam: Samwise the Brave...
Gimli: What's happening out there?
Legolas: Shall I describe it to you?
Gimli: Hmm?
Legolas: Or would you like me to find you a box?
Gandalf: Look to my coming on the first light of the fifth day, at dawn look to the east.
Legolas: They're taking the Hobbits to Isengard.
Gandalf: The battle of Helm's Deep is over; the battle for Middle-earth is about to begin.
Theoden: Simbelmyne. Ever has it grown on the tombs of my forebears. Now it shall cover the grave of my son. Alas, that these evil days should be mine. The young perish and the old linger. That I should live to see that last days of my house.
Gandalf: Theodred's death was not of your making.
Theoden: No parent should have to bury their child.
Gandalf: He was strong in life. His spirit will find the way to the halls of your fathers.
Legolas: A red sun rises, blood has been spilled this night.
Gimli: Legolas! Two already!
Legolas: I'm on seventeen!
Gimli: Huh? I'll have no pointy-ear outscoring me!
Legolas: Nineteen!
Gollum: We wants it, we needs it. Must have the precious. They stole it from us. Sneaky little hobbitses. Wicked, tricksy, false!
Smeagol: No. Not master!
Gollum: Yes, precious, false! They will cheat you, hurt you, LIE.
Smeagol: Master is my friend.
Gollum: You don't have any friends; nobody likes you!
Smeagol: I'm not listening... I'm not listening...
Gollum: You're a liar and a thief.
Smeagol: No.
Gollum: *Murderer*.
Smeagol: Go away!
Gollum: "Go away?"
Smeagol: I hate you. I *hate* you.
Gollum: Where would you be without me, uh? gollum, gollum... *I* saved us! It was me! *We* survived because of *me*!
Smeagol: Not anymore.
Gollum: What did you say?
Smeagol: Master looks after us now. We don't need you anymore.
Gollum: What?
Smeagol: Leave now, and never come back!
Gollum: No!
Smeagol: Leave now, and never come back!
Smeagol: LEAVE! NOW! AND NEVER COME BACK!
Smeagol: We told him to go away... and away he goes, Precious! Gone, gone, gone! SMEAGOL IS FREE!
Theoden: Let this be the hour when we draw swords together. Fell deeds awake. Now for wrath, now for ruin, and the red dawn. Forth, Eorlingas!
Gandalf: The veiling shadow that glowers in the East takes shape. Sauron will suffer no rival. From the summit of Barad-dur his eye watches ceaselessly. But he is not so mighty yet that he is above fear. Doubt ever gnaws at him. The rumor has reached him. The heir of Numenor still lives. Sauron fears you, Aragorn. He fears what you may become. And so he will strike hard and fast at the world of Men. He will use his puppet Saruman to destroy Rohan. War is coming. Rohan must defend itself, and therein lies our first challenge, for Rohan is weak and ready to fall. The King's mind is enslaved; it's an old device of Saruman's. His hold over King Theoden is now very strong. Sauron and Saruman are tightening the noose. But, for all their cunning, we have one advantage. The Ring remains hidden. And that we should seek to destroy it has not yet entered their darkest dreams. And so the weapon of the Enemy is moving towards Mordor in the hands of a Hobbit. Each day brings it closer to the fires of Mount Doom. We must trust now in Frodo. Everything depends now upon speed and upon the secrecy of his quest. Do not regret your decision to leave him. Frodo must finish this task alone.
Aragorn: He's not alone. Sam went with him.
Gandalf: Did he? Did he indeed? Good. Yes, very good.
Eomer: What business does an Elf, Man, and a Dwarf have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly.
Gimli: Give me your name, horse-master, and I shall give you mine.
Eomer: I would cut off your head, Dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground.
Legolas: You would die before your stroke fell.
Ugluk: Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!
Theoden: Where is the horse and the rider? Where is the horn that was blowing? They have passed like rain on the mountain, like wind in the meadow. The days have gone down in the West behind the hills into shadow. How did it come to this?
Gandalf: Be silent. Keep your forked tongue behind your teeth. I did not pass through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm.
Elrond: If Aragorn survives this war, you will still be parted. If Sauron is defeated and Aragorn made king and all that you hope for comes true you will still have to taste the bitterness of mortality. Whether by the sword or the slow decay of time, Aragorn will die. And there will be no comfort for you, no comfort to ease the pain of his passing. He will come to death an image of the splendor of the kings of Men in glory undimmed before the breaking of the world. But you, my daughter, you will linger on in darkness and in doubt as nightfall in winter that comes without a star. Here you will dwell bound to your grief under the fading trees until all the world is changed and the long years of your life are utterly spent.
Merry: You're taller.
Pippin: Who?
Merry: You!
Pippin: Than what?
Merry: Than *me*!
Pippin: I've always been taller than you.
Merry: Pippin, everyone knows *I'm* the tall one. *You're* the short one.
Pippin: Please, Merry. You're what, three-foot-six? At the most? Whereas me, I'm pushing three-seven, three-eight.
Merry: Three-foot-eight? You did something.
Sam: Can you see the bottom?
Frodo: No. Don't look down, Sam, just keep going!
Sam: Ouagh! Catch It! Grab it, Mr. Frodo!
Frodo: I think I found the bottom.
Sam: It's not natural. None of it.
Frodo: What's in this?
Sam: Nothin'. Just a bit of seasoning. I thought maybe if we was havin' a roast chicken one night or something...
Frodo: Roast chicken?
Sam: You never know.
Aragorn: Gimli, lower your axe.
Legolas: They have feelings, my friend. The elves began it, waking up the trees, teaching them to speak.
Gimli: Talking trees. What do trees have to talk about, hmm... except the consistency of squirrel droppings?
Legolas: You're late.
Legolas: You look terrible.
Gollum: Stupid, fat hobbit.
Theoden: So much death. What can men do against such reckless hate?
Aragorn: Ride out with me. Ride out and meet them.
Theoden: For death and glory.
Aragorn: For Rohan. For your people.
Theoden: The Horn of Helm Hammerhand will sound in the deep, one last time!
Haldir: I bring word from Lord Elrond of Rivendell. An Alliance once existed between Elves and Men. Long ago we fought and died together. We come to honor that allegiance.
Aragorn: Mae govannen, Haldir. You are most welcome.
Haldir: We are proud to fight alongside Men once more.
Aragorn: You have some skill with a blade.
Eowyn: The women of this country learned long ago, those without swords can still die upon them. I fear neither death nor pain.
Aragorn: What do you fear, my lady?
Eowyn: A cage. To stay behind bars until use and old age accept them and all chance of valor has gone beyond recall or desire.
Aragorn: You are a daughter of kings, a shield maiden of Rohan. I do not think that will be your fate.
Gimli: You could have picked a better spot.
Aragorn: In one thing you haven't changed, my friend - you still speak in riddles.
Gollum: Oh! Cruel Hobbit! It does not care if we be hungry. It does not care if we should die! Not like Master. Master cares. Master knows. Yes, Precious...
Gollum: Once it takes hold of us it never lets go.
Gimli: This new Gandalf is more grumpy than the old one.
Faramir: The enemy?
Faramir: His sense of duty was no less than yours, I deem. You wonder what his name is... where he came from. And if he was really evil at heart. What lies or threats led him on this long march from home. If he would not rather have stayed there... n peace. War will make corpses of us all.
Eowyn: Leave me alone, snake!
Wormtongue: Oh, but you are alone. Who knows what you have spoken to the darkness, alone, in the bitter watches of the night, when all your life seems to shrink, the walls of your bower closing in about you, a hutch to trammel some wild thing in? So fair, yet so cold like a morning of pale Spring still clinging to Winter's chill.
Eowyn: Your words are poison!
Gimli: But that one counts as mine!
Legolas: Look at them. They're frightened. You can see it in their eyes.
Legolas: And they should be. Three hundred... against ten thousand!
Aragorn: They have a better chance defending themselves here than at Edoras...
Legolas: Aragorn... they cannot win this fight. They are all going to die!
Aragorn: Then I shall die as one of them!
Aragorn: Farmers, ferriers, stable boys. These are no soldiers.
Gimli: Most have seen too many winters.
Legolas: Or too few.
Gimli: It's true you don't see many Dwarf-women. And in fact, they are so alike in voice and appearance, that they are often mistaken for Dwarf-men.
Aragorn: It's the beards.
Gimli: And this in turn has given rise to the belief that there are no Dwarf-women, and that Dwarves just spring out of holes in the ground!
Gimli: Which is, of course, ridiculous.
Theoden: Why should I welcome you, Gandalf Stormcrow?
Wormtongue: A just question, my liege. Late is the hour in which this conjurer chooses to appear. "Lathspell" I name him. Ill news is an ill guest.
Treebeard: Saruman! A wizard should know better!
Treebeard: There is no curse in Elvish, Entish, or the tongues of men for this treachery.
Pippin: Look, the trees! They're moving!
Merry: Where are they going?
Treebeard: They have business with the Orcs. My business is with Isengard tonight, with rock and stone.
Treebeard: Hroom, hm, come, my friends. The Ents are going to war. It is likely that we go to our doom. The last march of the Ents.
Treebeard: We have just agreed...
Merry: Yes?
Treebeard: I have told your names to the Entmoot, and we have agreed you are not Orcs.
Pippin: Well, that's good news.
Gimli: You'll find more cheer in a graveyard.
Treebeard: Many of these trees were my friends. Creatures I had known from nut or acorn.
Pippin: I'm sorry, Treebeard.
Treebeard: They had voices of their own. Saruman! A wizard should know better!
Theoden: I know your face... Eowyn.
Gamling: Every villager able to wield a sword has been sent to the armory... my lord?
Theoden: Who am I, Gamling?
Gamling: You are our king, sire.
Theoden: And do you trust your king?
Gamling: Your men, my Lord, will follow you to whatever end.
Theoden: To whatever end...
Faramir: My men tell me that you are Orc spies.
Sam: Spies! Now wait just a minute!
Faramir: Well, if you're not spies, then who are you?
Faramir: Speak!
Frodo: We are Hobbits of the Shire. Frodo Baggins is my name and this is Samwise Gamgee.
Faramir: Your bodyguard?
Sam: His gardener.
Faramir: And where is your skulking friend? That gangrel creature. He had an ill-favoured look.
Frodo: There was no other. We set out from Rivendell with seven companions. One we lost in Moria. Two were my kin. A dwarf there was also. And an elf. And two men. Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and Boromir of Gondor.
Faramir: You are a friend of Boromir?
Frodo: Yes, for my part.
Faramir: It would grieve you then to learn that he is dead.
Frodo: Dead? How? When?
Faramir: As one of his companions, I had hope you would tell me. He was my brother.
Frodo: Smeagol?
Sam: We're not going to wait for you. Come on.
Smeagol: Master. Master looks after us. Master wouldn't hurt us.
Gollum: Master broke his promise.
Smeagol: Don't ask Smeagol. Poor, poor Smeagol.
Gollum: Master betrayed us. Wicked. Tricksy, False. We ought to wring his filthy little neck. Kill him! Kill him! Kill them both! And then we take the precious... and we be the master!
Smeagol: But the fat Hobbit, he knows. Eyes always watching.
Gollum: Then we stabs them out. Put out his eyeses, make him crawl.
Smeagol: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Gollum: Kill them both.
Smeagol: Yes. No! No! It's too risky. It's too risky.
Sam: Where is he? Where has he gone? Hey, Gollum! Where are you?
Frodo: Smeagol?
Gollum: We could let *her* do it.
Smeagol: Yes. She could do it.
Gollum: Yes, precious, she could. And then we takes it once they're dead.
Smeagol: Once they're dead. Shh.
Smeagol: Come on Hobbits. Long ways to go yet. Smeagol will show the way.
Gollum: Follow me.
Gimli: Bring your pretty face to my axe.
Gimli: Whatever luck you live by... let's hope it lasts the night.
Legolas: Your friends are with you, Aragorn.
Gimli: Let's hope they last the night...
Galadriel: The power of the enemy is growing. Sauron will use his puppet Saruman to destroy the people of Rohan. Isengard has been unleashed. The Eye of Sauron now turns to Gondor, the last free kingdom of men. His war on this country will come swiftly. He senses the Ring is close. The strength of the Ringbearer is failing. In his heart, Frodo begins to understand. The quest will claim his life. You know this. You have foreseen it. It is the risk we all took. In the gathering dark, the will of the Ring grows strong. It works hard now to find its way back into the hands of men. Men, who are so easily seduced by its power. The young captain of Gondor has but to extend his hand, take the Ring for his own and the world will fall. It is close now, so close to achieving its goal. For Sauron will have dominion over all life on this Earth, even unto the ending of the world. The time of the elves is over. Do we leave Middle-Earth to its fate? Do we let them stand alone?
Gollum: The rock and pool, is nice and cool, so juicy sweet. Our only wish,
Gollum: to catch a fish,
Gollum: so juicy sweet.
Gollum: Sméagol... Why does he cry, Sméagol?
Smeagol: Cruel men hurts us. Master tricksed us.
Gollum: Of course he did. I told you he was tricksy. I told you he was false.
Smeagol: Master is our friend... our friend.
Gollum: Master betrayed us.
Smeagol: No, not it's business. Leave us alone.
Gollum: Filthy little hobbites. They stole it from us.
Smeagol: No... No.
Faramir: What did they steal?
Gollum: Myyy PRECIOUSSS.
Gandalf: From the lowest dungeon to the highest peak I fought with the Balrog of Morgoth... Until at last I threw down my enemy and smote his ruin upon the mountain side... Darkness took me, and I strayed out of thought and time... The stars wheeled overhead, and every day was as long as a life age of the earth... But it was not the end. I felt life in me again. I've been sent back until my task is done.
Sam: You want to know what happened to Boromir? Do you want to know why your brother died? He tried to take the Ring from Frodo, after swearing an oath to protect him! He tried to kill him! The Ring drove your brother mad.
Eomer: What business does an Elf, a Man, and a Dwarf have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly!
Gimli: Give me your name, Horse-master, and I shall give you mine.
Eomer: I would cut off your head, Dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground.
Legolas: You would die before your stroke fell.
Aragorn: I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn. This is Gimli, son of Glóin, and Legolas of the Woodland Realm. We are friends of Rohan, and of Théoden, your King.
Eomer: Théoden no longer recognizes friend from foe. Not even his own kin.
Eomer: Saruman has poisoned the mind of the king and claimed lordship over these lands. My company are those loyal to Rohan, and for that we are banished. The White Wizard is cunning. He walks here and there, they say, as an old man hooded and cloaked. And everywhere his spies slip past our nets.
Aragorn: We are no spies. We track a party of Uruk-Hai, westward across the plain. They have taken two of our friends captive.
Eomer: The Uruks are destroyed. We slaughtered them during the night.
Gimli: But there were two Hobbits! Did you see two Hobbits with 'em?
Aragorn: They would be small. Only children to your eyes.
Eomer: We left none alive. We piled the carcasses and burned them.
Gimli: Dead?
Eomer: I am sorry.
Eomer: Hasufel! Arod! May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters. Farewell.
Eomer: Look for your friends. But do not trust to hope. It has forsaken these lands.
Gollum: So bright... so beautiful... ah, Precious.
Frodo: What did you say?
Gollum: Master should be resting, Master needs to keep up his strength.
Frodo: Who are you?
Gollum: Mustn't ask us, not it's business. Gollum, gollum.
Frodo: Gandalf told me you were one of the River-folk.
Gollum: Cold be heart and hand and bone. Cold be travelers far from home.
Frodo: He said your life was a sad story.
Gollum: They do not see what lies ahead, when Sun has faded and Moon is dead.
Frodo: You were not so very different from a Hobbit once, were you?
Frodo: Smeagol.
Gollum: What did you call me?
Frodo: That was your name once... a long time ago. Wasn't it
Gollum: My name...
Gollum: Sme... Smeagol.
Sam: Hey, Stinker! Don't go getting too far ahead.
Frodo: Why do you do that?
Sam: What?
Frodo: Call him names, run him down all the time.
Sam: Because... because that's what he is, Mr. Frodo. There's naught left in him but lies and deceit. It's the ring he wants; it's all he cares about.
Frodo: You have no idea what it did to him... what it's still doing to him. I want to help him, Sam.
Sam: Why?
Frodo: Because I have to believe he can come back.
Sam: You can't save him, Mr. Frodo.
Frodo: What do you know about it? Nothing!... I'm sorry, Sam. I don't know why I said that.
Sam: I do. It's the ring. You can't take your eyes off it; I've seen you. You're not eating. You barely sleep. It's taken ahold of you, Mr. Frodo. You have to fight it.
Frodo: I know what I have to do, Sam. The ring was entrusted to *me*. It's my task, mine, my own!
Sam: Can't you hear yourself? Don't you know who you sound like?
Arwen: Go to sleep.
Aragorn: I am asleep. This is a dream.
Arwen: Then it is a good dream.
Gandalf: Three hundred lives of men I have walked this earth and now I have no time.
Legolas: That is one of the Mearas, unless my eyes are cheated by some spell.
Gandalf: Shadowfax. He is the lord of all horses and has been my friend through many dangers.
Sam: You know I don't usually hold with foreign food, but this Elvish stuff - it's not bad.
Frodo: Nothing dampens your spirits, Sam.
Sam: Those rain clouds might.
Elrond: He is not coming back. Why do you linger here when there is no hope?
Arwen: There is still hope.
Merry: He doesn't look too happy, does he?
Pippin: Not too happy at all, Merry.
Merry: Still, I suppose the view would be quite nice from up there.
Pippin: Oh yes, it's a quality establishment. I hear the staff are VERY good.
Treebeard: I believe you will enjoy this next one, too. It is one of my own compositions. Ahem. 'Beneath the roof of sleeping... leaves and dreams of trees untold, When woodland halls are... green... and cool, and the wind is in the west, Come back to me... Come... back... to me, And say my land is... best.'
Merry: Why are there so few of you, when you live so long? Are there Ent children?
Treebeard: Burárum. There have been no Entlings for a terrible long count of years.
Merry: Why is that?
Treebeard: We lost the Entwives.
Pippin: Oh, I'm sorry. How did they die?
Treebeard: Die? No. We *lost* them. And now, we cannot *find* them. I don't suppose you've seen Entwives in the Shire?
Merry: Can't say that I have. You, Pip?
Pippin: What do they look like?
Treebeard: Hrrooom... I... don't... remember... now.
Merry: You just said something... treeish!
Theoden: I will not risk open war.
Aragorn: Open war is upon you whether you would risk it or not.
Saruman: If the wall is breached, Helm's Deep will fall.
Wormtongue: Even if it is breached, it will take a number beyond reckoning, thousands, to storm the keep.
Saruman: Tens of thousands.
Wormtongue: But, my lord, there is no such force.
Theoden: Crops can be re-sown, homes re-built. Within these walls... we will outlast them.
Aragorn: They do not come to destroy Rohan's crops or villages. They come to destroy its people. Down to the last child.
Theoden: What will you have me do? Look at my men. Their courage hangs by a thread.
Faramir: I think at last we understand one another, Frodo Baggins.
Madril: You know the laws of our country - the laws of your father. If you let them go your life will be forfeit.
Faramir: Then it is forfeit. Release them.
Treebeard: You must understand, young Hobbit, it takes a long time to say anything in Old Entish. And we never say anything unless it is worth taking a long time to say.
Merry: It's been going for hours.
Pippin: They must have decided something by now.
Treebeard: Decided? No, we have just finished saying "Good Morning".
Merry: But it's night time already! You can't take forever!
Treebeard: Now, don't be hasty, master Meriadoc.
Merry: We're running out of time!
Treebeard: They come with fire, they come with axes... gnawing, biting, breaking, hacking, burning! Destroyers and usurpers, curse them!
Treebeard: We Ents cannot hold back this storm. We must weather such things as we have always done.
Merry: How can that be your decision?
Treebeard: This is not our war.
Merry: But you're part of this world, aren't you?... You must help... please.
Ugluk: What is it? What do you smell?
Mauhur: Man flesh. They've picked up our trail.
Gimli: I'm wasted on cross-country! We Dwarves are natural sprinters, very dangerous over short distances.
Treebeard: That doesn't make sense to me. But, then again, you are very small.
Treebeard: I always like going South; somehow, it feels like going downhill.
Grima Wormtongue: His staff. I told you to take the Wizard's staff.
Theoden: Look at my men. Their courage hangs by a thread. If this is to be our end, then I would have them make such an end, as to be worthy of remembrance.
Legolas: Forgive me. I mistook you for Saruman.
Gandalf: I am Saruman. Or rather, Saruman as he should have been.
Gimli: That was deliberate, it was deliberate.
Wormtongue: Why do you lay these troubles on an already troubled mind?
Gollum: Sneaky little Hobbitses.
Aragorn: Their pace has quickened. They must have caught our scent. Hurry!
Legolas: Come on, Gimli!
Gimli: Three days and nights pursuit. No food, no rest. No sign of our quarry, but what bare rock can tell!
Eomer: Eomer: Hasufel! Arod! May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters.
Frodo: We can't leave this here for someone to follow us down.
Sam: Who's going to follow us down here, Mr. Frodo? It's a shame, really. Lady Galadriel gave me that. Real Elvish rope. Well, there's nothing for it - it's one of my knots. It won't come free in a hurry.
Frodo: Real Elvish rope.
Gimli: Keep breathing. That's the key. Breathe.
Theoden: Your leechcraft would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast!
Gandalf: Gandalf? Yes... that was what they used to call me. Gandalf the Gray. That was my name.
Gimli: Gandalf...
Gandalf: *I* am Gandalf the White. And I come back to you now - at the turn of the tide.
Eowyn: My Lord! Aragorn! I am to be sent with the women into the caves.
Aragorn: That is an honorable charge.
Eowyn: To mind the children, to find food and bedding when the men return. What renown is there in that?
Aragorn: My Lady, there may come a time for valor without renown. Who then will your people look to in the last defense?
Eowyn: Let me stand at your side.
Aragorn: It is not in my power to command it.
Eowyn: You do not command the others to stay! They fight beside you because they would not be parted from you! Because they love you.
Eowyn: I am sorry.
Boromir: You give him no credit and yet he tries to do your will. He loves you, Father.
Denethor: Do not trouble me with Faramir. I know his uses and they are few.
Theoden: A great host, you say?
Aragorn: All Isengard is emptied.
Theoden: How many?
Aragorn: Ten thousand strong at least.
Theoden: Ten thousand?
Aragorn: It is an army bred for a single purpose: to destroy the world of men. They will be here by nightfall.
Theoden: Let them come.
Theoden: So it begins.
Merry: I think we might have made a mistake leaving the Shire, Pippin.
Sam: There are dead things! Dead faces in the water.
Gollum: All dead... all rotten. Elves and men and orcses. A great battle, long ago. The Dead Marshes... yes, that is their name.
Theoden: When last I looked, Théoden, not Aragorn, was king of Rohan.
Sam: Who are they?
Gollum: Wicked men. Servants of Sauron. They are called to Mordor. The Dark One is gathering all armies to him. It won't be long now. He will soon be ready.
Sam: Ready to do what?
Gollum: To make his war. The last war that will cover all the world in shadow.
Gandalf: The courtesy of your hall is somewhat lessened of late Théoden, King.
Saruman: Together, my lord Sauron, we shall rule this Middle-earth. The old world will burn in the fires of industry. Forests will fall. A new order will rise. We will drive the machine of war with the sword and the spear and the iron fist of the orc.
Merry: The fires of Isengard will spread, and the forests of Tuckborough and Buckland will burn. And all that was once great and good in this world will be gone. There won't *be* a Shire, Pippin.
Galadriel: The time of the Elves is over. Do we leave Middle-earth to its fate? Do we let them stand alone?
Gandalf: There is no way out of that ravine, Théoden is walking into a trap.
Sam: Mr. Frodo, put the ring on; just this once, disappear.
Frodo: I can't... You were right, Sam. The ring is taking me. If I put it on he will find me.
Sam: This looks strangely familiar.
Frodo: Because we've been here before. We're going in circles!
Treebeard: I promised Gandalf I would keep you safe and safe is where I'll keep you.
H.ma: I cannot allow you before Theoden King so armed, Gandalf Greyhame... by order of Grima Wormtongue.
H.ma: Your staff.
Gandalf: Oh... you would not part an old man from his walking stick?
Pippin: And whose side are you on?
Treebeard: Side? I am on nobody's side, because nobody is on my side, little Orc.
Pippin: The closer we are to danger, the farther we are from harm. It's the last thing he'll expect.
Merry: Are you mad? We will be caught for sure.
Pippin: Not this time.
Elrond: Our time here is ending, Arwen's time is ending. Let her go... let her take the ship into the West. Let her bear her love for you to the Undying Lands, there it will be ever green...
Aragorn: ...but never more than a memory.
Saruman: A new power is rising. Its victory is at hand. This night the land will be stained with the blood of Rohan. March to Helm's Deep. Leave none alive. To war!
Pippin: Merry?
Merry: What, Pip?
Pippin: I'm hungry.
Aragorn: Gandalf.
Gandalf: Théoden King stands alone.
Eomer: Not alone. Rohirrim!
Theoden: Eomer!
Eomer: TO THE KING!
Snaga: Just a mouthful. A bit off the flank!
Eomer: How long has it been since Saruman bought you? What was the promised price, Grima? When all the Men are dead you would take your share of the treasure?
Eomer: Too long have you watched my sister. Too long have you haunted her steps.
Wormtongue: You see much, Eomer son of Eomund. Too much.
Wormtongue: You are banished forthwith from the Kingdom of Rohan... under pain of death.
Eomer: You have no authority here! Your orders mean nothing!
Wormtongue: Oh, but this order does not come from me. It comes from the King. He signed it this morning.
Gollum: He wants the Precious. Always he is looking for it. And the Precious is wanting to go back to him... But we mustn't let him have it.
Gandalf: All our hopes now lie with two little Hobbits, somewhere in the wilderness.
Frodo: There is no promise you can make that I can trust.
Gollum: We swears to serve the master of the Precious. We will swear on... on... the Precious!
Gollum: Don't follow the lights.
Gollum: He is drawing all evil to him.
Frodo: Maybe he does deserve to die, but now that I see him I do pity him.
Frodo: Stop! This creature is bound to me and I to him. He is our guide.
Theoden: Gandalf...
Gandalf: Breathe the free air again, my friend.
Theoden: Dark have been my dreams of late.
Gandalf: Your fingers would remember their old strength better... if they grasped your sword.
Eomer: Look for your friends, but do not trust to hope. It has forsaken these lands.
Frodo: Gandalf!
Sam: What is it, Mr. Frodo?
Frodo: Nothing... just a dream.
Gandalf: I will draw you, Saruman, as poison is drawn from a wound.
Frodo: The Ring will not save Gondor. It only has the power to destroy. Please, let me go.
Faramir: So this is the answer to all the riddles: here in the wild I have you, two Halflings and a host of men at my call, and the Ring of Power within my grasp.
Sam: Mordor... the one place in Middle-Earth we don't want to see any closer... the one place we're trying to get to... is just where we can't get. Let's face it, Mr. Frodo. We're lost!
Gollum: I found it, I did. A way through the marshes. Orcs don't use it. Orcs don't know it. They go round for miles and miles. Come Hobbitses, soft and quick as shadows we must be.
Saruman: We have only to remove those who oppose us.
Sam: I thought they were dead!
Gollum: Dead? No, you cannot kill them. No.
Aragorn: Legolas! What do your Elf eyes see?
Legolas: The Uruks turn Northeast. They're taking the Hobbits to Isengard!
Aragorn: Sauraman.
Gollum: Aghh! It burns! It burns us... It freezes...
Gollum: Nasty elves twisted it! Take it off us!
Sam: Quiet, you!
Sam: It's hopeless! Every orc in Mordor is going to hear this racket! Let's just just tie him up and leave him.
Gollum: NO! That would kill us! KILL US!
Sam: That's more than you deserve!
Gollum: Agggghhhhhhahhhh...
Frodo: Maybe he does deserve to die. But now I see him, I do pity him.
Gollum: We'll be nice to them, if they be nice to us. Take this off of us... We swear to do whatever you wants... we swear.
Frodo: There is no promise you can make that I can trust.
Frodo: This is Sting. You've seen it before, haven't you... Gollum?
Sam: ugh!
Frodo: Release him, or I'll cut your throat!
Gollum: EEEEYAHHHHHHH!
Gollum: It tries to choke us!
Gollum: We shall *STARRRRRVVVVVEEE!*
Sam: Then why you starve... and good riddance!
Smeagol: Ah-uh-uh? AHHHHH!
Smeagol: Wraiths! Wraiths on wings!
Smeagol: OOHH-WHHHHAAAAAAHHHHH! Oh!
Smeagol: OW-Whaaa! Oh!
Smeagol: OOOH-AAAHHH! AhHAAAAA! AAHHHH!
Faramir: That's enough.
Faramir: Where are you leading them?
Faramir: Answer me!
Gollum: Sméagol... Why does it cry, Sméagol?
Smeagol: Cruel men hurts us. Master tricks us.
Gollum: Of course, he did. I told you he was tricksy, I told you he was false.
Smeagol: Master is our friend, our friend.
Gollum: Master betrayed us!
Smeagol: No! Nobody's business! Leave us alone!
Gollum: Filthy little hobbitses! They stole it from us!
Smeagol: No... NO!
Faramir: What did they steal?
Sam: I don't believe you!
Gollum: Sam: GET DOWN!
Gollum: Sam: I said, DOWN!
Frodo: Sam!
Sam: He's trying to trick us! We let him go, he'll throttle us in our sleep.
Gollum: Frodo: You know the way to Mordor?
Gollum: Yes...
Frodo: You've been there before?
Gollum: Yes.
Frodo: You will lead us to the Black Gate.
Smeagol: Go away! I hate you... I hate you...
Sam: I hate this place; it's too quiet. There hasn't been the sight or sound of a bird in two days!
Gollum: No... No birdses to eat.
Gollum: No crunchable birdses!
Faramir: Where will you go to reach there, Frodo?
Frodo: Gollum says there is a tunnel above Minas Morgul. It climbs up into the mountains.
Faramir: Cirith Ungol?
Faramir: Is that its name?
Gollum: No, no!
Gollum: Y-YES!
Saruman: The world is changing. Who now has the strength to stand against the armies of Isengard... and Mordor? To stand against the might of Sauron and Saruman... and the union of the Two Towers? Together, my Lord Sauron, we shall rule this Middle-earth.
Saruman: There will be no dawn... for men.
Legolas: They run as if the very whips of their masters were behind them.
Frodo: They're here, they've come.
Boromir: Remember today, little brother.
Faramir: Good speech. Nice and short.
Boromir: Leaves more time for drinking!
Pippin: It's talking, Merry. The tree is talking.
Gimli: Send them to me!
Gandalf: The fate of the world will now be decided.
Gollum: We be nice to them, if they be nice to us.
Aragorn: Not idly do the leaves of Lorien fall.
Legolas: They may yet be alive.
Gimli: My lady...
Eowyn: Lord Aragorn... where is he?
Gimli: He fell.
Gollum: But, the fat Hobbit. He knows. Eyes always watching.
Aragorn: Show them no mercy... for you shall receive none!
Sam: It's the Ring, isn't it?
Frodo: It's getting heavier.
Saruman: Rohan, my lord, is ready to fall.
Treebeard: My home is deep in the forest near the roots of the mountains.
Pippin: Don't talk to it, Merry. Don't encourage it.
Aragorn: No, my lord - let him go. Enough blood has been spilt on his account.
Sam: Captain Faramir, you have shown your quality, sir - the very highest.
Faramir: The Shire must truly be a great realm, Master Gamgee, where gardeners are held in high honor.
Sam: We're innocent travelers.
Faramir: There are no travelers in this land... only servants of the Dark Lord.
Frodo: We are bound to an errand of secrecy. Those who claim to oppose the enemy would do well not to hinder us.
Treebeard: The Ents are going to war.
Gollum: It was tricksy, precious. Very tricksy.
Gollum: It BURNS! It Burns us!
Gollum: It freezes...
Gollum: Nasty elves twisted it! TAKE IT OFF US!
Sam: Quiet you!
Sam: It's hopeless! Every orc in Mordor is going to hear this racket! Let's just tie him up and leave him.
Gollum: NO!
Gollum: That would kill us! KILL US!
Sam: That's more than you deserve!
Gollum: Oooooohhhhaaahhhh...
Frodo: Maybe he does deserve to die... But now that I see him, I do pity him.
Gollum: We'll be nice to them, if they be nice to us.
Gollum: Take this off us.     