
Shinji Ikari: I'm so fucked up.
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: How disgusting.
Shinji Ikari: No-one understands me.
Rei Ayanami: You never understood anything.
Shinji Ikari: I thought this was supposed to be a world without pain and without uncertainty.
Rei Ayanami: That's because you thought that everyone else felt the same as you do.
Shinji Ikari: You betrayed me! You betrayed my feelings!
Rei Ayanami: You misunderstood from the very beginning. You just believed what you wanted to believe.
Shinji Ikari: Nobody wants me, so they can all just die.
Rei Ayanami: Then what is your hand for?
Shinji Ikari: Nobody cares whether I live or die. Nothing will change... so they can all just die...
Rei Ayanami: Then what is your heart for?
Shinji Ikari: It would be better if I never existed. I should just die too.
Rei Ayanami: Then why are you here?
Shinji Ikari: Is it OK for me to be here?
Shinji Ikari: NOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooo!
Misato Katsuragi: You hate yourself, don't you? That's why you hurt others. Deep down you know you suffer more when you cause someone else pain... than if you just let yourself get hurt. But Shinji, that was your decision, so it makes it a valid choice. That's what you wanted. So, that makes it worthwhile. Stop lying to yourself and realize that you *do* have options. Then... accept the choices you've made.
Shinji Ikari: But you're not me! You don't know what I have to go through! You don't understand!
Misato Katsuragi: So fucking what if I'm not you! That doesn't mean it's okay for you to give up! If you do, I'll *never* forgive you as long as I live!
Keel Lorentz: The fate of destruction is also the joy of rebirth.
Misato Katsuragi: God knows I'm not perfect, either. I've made tons of stupid mistakes, and later I regretted them. And I've done it over and over again, thousands of times; a cycle of hollow joy and vicious self-hatred. But even so, every time I learned something about myself. Please Shinji, you've got to pilot the EVA and settle this once and for all... for your own sake. Find out why you came here; why you exist at all! Answer your own questions. And when you've found your answers, come back to me. I'll be waiting for you.
Rei Ayanami: Man fears the darkness, and so he scrapes away at the edges of it with fire.
Shinji Ikari: I wanna stay with you, Asuka... and I want to help you. But, I don't know what to do.
Asuka Langly Soryu: Then don't do anything. Don't come near me. All you ever do is hurt me.
Shinji Ikari: Asuka, help me! Please! Asuka, you're the only person that can help me!
Asuka Langly Soryu: Liar.
Shinji Ikari: Asuka...
Asuka Langly Soryu: Anyone will do. You don't care who it is! You're afraid of Misato, and the First Child... you're afraid of your mother and father, too! So now you come running to me...
Shinji Ikari: No, I need you to help me...
Asuka Langly Soryu: - because that's the easiest way to keep from getting hurt! You never even loved yourself! You're all you have and you never even learned to like yourself!
Asuka Langly Soryu: How pathetic.
Shinji Ikari: Help me. Somebody... please, help me. Help me. Help me... somebody... please help me. Somebody, HELP ME! Don't leave me alone! Don't abandon me! PLEASE DON'T KILL ME!
Asuka Langly Soryu: No.
Kôzô Fuyutsuki: The Fruit of Life is held by the Angels. The Fruit of Wisdom is held by Man. EVA Unit 01 now possesses them both, and therefore becomes God. Now the source of all souls - The Tree of Life - has been formed again. Will it be an Ark to save Mankind from the vacuum of Third Impact? Or is it a demon that will destroy us all? The fate of Mankind now lies in Shinji's hands.
Asuka Langly Soryu: I know all about your little jerk-off fantasies about me. Go ahead, and do it like you always do... I'll even stand here and watch you. But... if I can't have you all to myself, then I don't want ANYTHING from you.
Misato Katsuragi: The power's still on. There's still time. Shinji, listen to me... from now on, you're on your own. You'll have to make your own decisions. No one can do it for you.
Shinji Ikari: I... I can't. I'm no good. I can't pilot EVA if all I do is hurt and kill people. I thought I had no choice but to pilot EVA, but I was just lying to myself. I'm not worthy of piloting an EVA, because I don't understand anything. I'm incapable of doing anything good for anybody else! I did something terrible, though. I killed Kaworu! I'm a horrible person. I'm dishonest, and a coward. All I ever do is hurt people. So I'd rather do nothing at all!
Misato Katsuragi: I'm not gonna feel sorry for you. If you don't like feeling pain, then you can just sit here and let them kill you! Crying isn't going to solve anything either!
Misato Katsuragi: Giving up halfway is worse than never trying at all. Come on! Get up! MOVE IT!
Shinji Ikari: I want to die. Just leave me here.
Misato Katsuragi: Stop talking like a stubborn little brat! Like it or not, you're still alive. Get moving and DO something! You can die later!
Asuka Langly Soryu: You don't understand anything. You just stay away from me.
Shinji Ikari: I do understand.
Asuka Langly Soryu: You couldn't possibly - you jerk! You really think you can ever know me? You think you can even help me? Don't make me laugh! You're such a moron! You will never understand!
Shinji Ikari: How can I ever understand you if you won't say anything? You never talk to me, but you expect me to understand you! That's *impossible*!
Shinji Ikari: Goodbye... Mother.
Gendô Ikari: Ritsuko Akagi, I truly...
Ritsuko Akagi: ...Liar.
Shigeru Aoba: Soon individual entities will be unable to maintain their separate forms!
Kôzô Fuyutsuki: The chamber of Gauf is open. The door to both the beginning and the end of the world is open at last.
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: I'll-kill-you-I'll-kill-you-I'll-kill-you- I'll-kill-you-I'll-kil - -
JSSDF Soldier: Sorry, kid. It's nothing personal.
Misato Katsuragi: Hey, no offense taken.
Misato Katsuragi: This is it, Shinji. Do you want to run away, or do you want to pilot the EVA? It's your call. If you sit here and do nothing, then you're already dead!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: I don't want to die. I don't want to die.
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don't want to die. I DON'T WANT TO DIE!
Maya Ibuki: Tell me, have we done the right thing?
Shigeru Aoba: How the hell should I know?
Asuka Langly Soryu: Damn, they're persistent! Of course, that idiot Shinji is nowhere to be found!
Shigeru Aoba: Release the safety.
Maya Ibuki: I can't! I just can't shoot this thing, Aoba!
Shigeru Aoba: Of course you can! You've had basic training!
Maya Ibuki: But I shot at targets, not at other human beings!
Shigeru Aoba: Idiot! You kill or you die!
JSSDF Soldier: What the hell is that?
JSSDF Commander: Dear God!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: Schweinehund!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: Mama! Mama! Now I understand! The meaning of the AT field! You were always protecting me! Always watching over me!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: Always, we were always together mama!
Maya Ibuki: EVA Unit-02 has activated! Asuka is okay! She's alive!
Shinji Ikari: Asuka?
JSSDF Commander: The cable! Focus on the cable! Use whatever you can to sever it!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: Scheiss!... Even without my umbilical cable attached... I've still got 12,000 plates of fortified armor! And I've got my AT field!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: There's no way I can lose!
Asuka Langley Sohryuu: EAT THIS ARSCHLOCH!
    