
V: People should not be afraid of their governments. Governments should be afraid of their people.
Evey Hammond: My father was a writer. You would've liked him. He used to say that artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up.
V: A man after my own heart.
V: I can assure you I mean you no harm.
Evey Hammond: Who are you?
V: Who? Who is but the form following the function of what and what I am is a man in a mask.
Evey Hammond: Well I can see that.
V: Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation; I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
Evey Hammond: Oh. Right.
V: But on this most auspicious of nights, permit me then, in lieu of the more commonplace sobriquet, to suggest the character of this dramatis persona.
V: Voilà! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valorous visitation of a by-gone vexation, stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition.
V: The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta, held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous.
V: V: Verily, this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose, so let me simply add that it's my very good honor to meet you and you may call me V.
Evey Hammond: Are you, like, a crazy person?
V: I am quite sure they will say so. But to whom, might I ask, am I speaking?
Evey Hammond: I'm Evey.
V: Evey? E-V. Of course you are.
Evey Hammond: What does that mean?
V: It means that I, like God, do not play with dice and do not believe in coincidence. Are you hurt?
Evey Hammond: Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, the Gunpowder Treason and Plot. I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot... But what of the man? I know his name was Guy Fawkes and I know, in 1605, he attempted to blow up the Houses of Parliament. But who was he really? What was he like? We are told to remember the idea, not the man, because a man can fail. He can be caught, he can be killed and forgotten, but 400 years later, an idea can still change the world. I've witnessed first hand the power of ideas, I've seen people kill in the name of them, and die defending them... but you cannot kiss an idea, cannot touch it, or hold it... ideas do not bleed, they do not feel pain, they do not love... And it is not an idea that I miss, it is a man... A man that made me remember the Fifth of November. A man that I will never forget.
V: ...A building is a symbol, as is the act of destroying it. Symbols are given power by people. Alone, a symbol is meaningless, but with enough people, blowing up a building can change the world.
V: I told you, only truth. For 20 years, I sought only this day. Nothing else existed... until I saw you. Then everything changed. I fell in love with you Evey. And to think I no longer believed I could.
Evey Hammond: But I don't want you to die.
V: That's the most beautiful thing you could have ever given me.
V: Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of every day routine- the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, whereby those important events of the past, usually associated with someone's death or the end of some awful bloody struggle, a celebration of a nice holiday, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat. There are of course those who do not want us to speak. I suspect even now, orders are being shouted into telephones, and men with guns will soon be on their way. Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there? Cruelty and injustice, intolerance and oppression. And where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission. How did this happen? Who's to blame? Well certainly there are those more responsible than others, and they will be held accountable, but again truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror. I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be? War, terror, disease. There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense. Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now high chancellor, Adam Sutler. He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent. Last night I sought to end that silence. Last night I destroyed the Old Bailey, to remind this country of what it has forgotten. More than four hundred years ago a great citizen wished to embed the fifth of November forever in our memory. His hope was to remind the world that fairness, justice, and freedom are more than words, they are perspectives. So if you've seen nothing, if the crimes of this government remain unknown to you, then I would suggest you allow the fifth of November to pass unmarked. But if you see what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask you to stand beside me one year from tonight, outside the gates of Parliament, and together we shall give them a fifth of November that shall never, ever be forgot.
Creedy: Defiant to the end, huh? You won't cry like him, will you? You're not afraid of death. You're like me.
V: The only thing that you and I have in common, Mr. Creedy, is we're both about to die.
Creedy: How do you imagine that's gonna happen?
V: With my hands around your neck.
Creedy: Bollocks. Whatchya gonna do, huh? We've swept this place. You've got nothing. Nothing but your bloody knives and your fancy karate gimmicks. We have guns.
V: No, what you have are bullets, and the hope that when your guns are empty I'm no longer be standing, because if I am you'll all be dead before you've reloaded.
Creedy: That's impossible. Kill him.
V: My turn.
Creedy: Die! Die! Why won't you die?... Why won't you die?
V: Beneath this mask there is more than flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea, Mr. Creedy. And ideas are bulletproof.
Evey Hammond: No one will ever forget that night and what it meant for this country. But I will never forget the man and what he meant to me.
Valerie: I know there's no way I can convince you this is not one of their tricks, but I don't care, I am me. My name is Valerie, I don't think I'll live much longer and I wanted to tell someone about my life. This is the only autobiography I'll ever write, and god, I'm writing it on toilet paper. I was born in Nottingham in 1985, I don't remember much of those early years, but I do remember the rain. My grandmother owned a farm in Tuttlebrook, and she use to tell me that god was in the rain. I passed my 11th lesson into girl's grammar; it was at school that I met my first girlfriend, her name was Sara. It was her wrists. They were beautiful. I thought we would love each other forever. I remember our teacher telling us that is was an adolescent phase people outgrew. Sara did, I didn't. In 2002, I fell in love with a girl named Christina. That year I came out to my parents. I couldn't have done it without Chris holding my hand. My father wouldn't look at me, he told me to go and never come back. My mother said nothing. But I had only told them the truth, was that so selfish? Our integrity sells for so little, but it is all we really have. It is the very last inch of us, but within that inch, we are free. I'd always known what I wanted to do with my life, and in 2015 I starred in my first film, "The Salt Flats". It was the most important role of my life, not because of my career, but because that was how I met Ruth. The first time we kissed, I knew I never wanted to kiss any other lips but hers again. We moved to a small flat in London together. She grew Scarlet Carsons for me in our window box, and our place always smelled of roses. Those were there best years of my life. But America's war grew worse, and worse. And eventually came to London. After that there were no roses anymore. Not for anyone. I remember how the meaning of words began to change. How unfamiliar words like "collateral" and "rendition" became frightening. While things like Norse Fire and The Articles of Allegiance became powerful, I remember how different became dangerous. I still don't understand it, why they hate us so much. They took Ruth while she was out buying food. I've never cried so hard in my life. It wasn't long till they came for me. It seems strange that my life should end in such a terrible place, but for three years, I had roses, and apologized to no one. I shall die here. Every inch of me shall perish. Every inch, but one. An Inch, it is small and it is fragile, but it is the only thing the world worth having. We must never lose it or give it away. We must never let them take it from us. I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you. I love you. With all my heart, I love you. -Valerie
V: Would you... dance with me?
Evey Hammond: Now? On the eve of your revolution?
V: A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having!
Evey Hammond: Vi Veri Veniversum Vivus Vici.
V: By the power of truth, I, while living, have conquered the universe.
Evey Hammond: Personal motto?
V: From "Faust".
Evey Hammond: That's about trying to cheat the devil, isn't it?
V: It is.
Gordon Deitrich: You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Evey Hammond: Who are you?
V: Who? Who is but the form following the function of what, and what I am is a man in a mask.
Evey Hammond: Well I can see that.
V: Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
Finch: Who was he?
Evey Hammond: He was Edmond Dantés... and he was my father. And my mother... my brother... my friend. He was you... and me. He was all of us.
Delia Surridge: Are you going to kill me now?
V: I killed you 10 minutes ago.
V: While you slept.
Delia Surridge: Is there any pain?
V: No.
Delia Surridge: Thank you. Is it meaningless to apologize?
V: Never.
Delia Surridge: I'm so sorry.
Evey Hammond: V, yesterday I couldn't find my ID. You didn't take it, did you?
V: Would you prefer a lie or the truth?
Evey Hammond: Did you have anything to do with... that?
V: Yes, I killed him.
Evey Hammond: You...? Oh god.
V: You're upset.
Evey Hammond: I'm upset? You just said you killed Lewis Prothero!
V: I might have killed the fingerman who attacked you, but I heard no objection then.
Evey Hammond: What?
V: Violence can be used for good.
Evey Hammond: What are you talking about?
V: Justice.
Evey Hammond: Oh. And are you going to kill more people?
V: Yes.
V: I dare do all that may become a man; Who dares do more is none.
V: And thus I clothe my naked villainy / With old odd ends stolen forth from holy writ/And seem a saint when most I play the devil.
V: There are no coincidences, Delia... only the illusion of coincidence.
V: Our story begins, as these stories often do, with a young up-and-coming politician. He's a deeply religious man and a member of the conservative party. He is completely single-minded convictions and has no regard for the political process. Eventually, his party launches a special project in the name of 'national security'. At first, it is believed to be a search for biological weapons and it is pursued regardless of its cost. However, the true goal of the project is power, complete and total hegemonic domination. The project, however, ends violently... but the efforts of those involved are not in vain, for a new ability to wage war is born from the blood of one of their victims. Imagine a virus - the most terrifying virus you can, and then imagine that you and you alone have the cure. But if your ultimate goal is power, how best to use such a weapon? It is at this point in our story that along comes a spider. He is a man seemingly without a conscience; for whom the ends always justify the means and it is he who suggests that their target should not be an enemy of the country but rather the country itself. Three targets are chosen to maximize the effect of the attack: a school, a tube station, and a water-treatment plant. Several hundred die within the first few weeks. Until at last the true goal comes into view. Before the St. Mary's crisis, no one would have predicted the outcome of the elections. No one. But after the election, lo and behold, a miracle. Some believed that it was the work of God himself, but it was a pharmaceutical company controlled by certain party members made them all obscenely rich. But the true genius of the plan was the fear. A year later, several extremists are tried, found guilty, and executed while a memorial is built to canonize their victims. Fear became the ultimate tool of this government. And through it our politician was ultimately appointed to the newly created position of High Chancellor. The rest, as they say, is history.
Finch: Can you prove any of this?
V: Why do you think I'm still alive?
Finch: Right. We'd like to take you into protective custody, Mr. Rookwood.
V: Oh, I'm sure you would. But if you want that recording, you'll do what I tell you to do. Put Creedy under 24 hour surveillance. When I feel safe that he can't pick his nose without you knowing, I'll contact you again. Until then, cheerio.
Finch: Rookwood. Why didn't you come forward before? What were you waiting for?
V: For you, Inspector. I needed you.
V: There's no certainty - only opportunity.
V: We are oft to blame in this, - / 'Tis too much proved - that with devotion's visage/ And pious action we do sugar o'er/ The devil himself.
V: We're oft to blame, and this is too much proved, that with devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar on the devil himself.
Baldy Fingerman: What does that mean?
V: Spare the Rod.
Dominic: What do you think will happen?
Finch: What usually happens when people without guns stand up to people *with* guns.
V: It is to Madame Justice that I dedicate this concerto, in honor of the holiday that she seems to have taken from these parts, and in recognition of the impostor that stands in her stead. Tell me Evey, do you know what day it is?
Evey Hammond: Um, November the 4th.
V: Not anymore. Remember, remember the 5th of November. The gunpowder treason and plot. I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot.
Finch: One thing is true of all governments - their most reliable records are tax records.
V: The only verdict is vengeance, a vendetta, held as a votive not in vain.
Evey Hammond: What is that you're making?
Gordon Deitrich: We call it "eggie in the basket". My mum used to make them.
Evey Hammond: This is weird.
Gordon Deitrich: What?
Evey Hammond: The first morning I was with him, he made me eggs just like this.
Gordon Deitrich: Really?
Evey Hammond: I swear.
Gordon Deitrich: That is a strange coincidence. Although, there's an obvious explanation.
Evey Hammond: There is?
Gordon Deitrich: Yes, Evey. I am V. At last you know the truth. You're stunned, I know. It's hard to believe isn't it, that beneath this wrinkled, well-fed exterior there lies a dangerous killing machine with a fetish for Fawkesian masks. ¡Viva la revolución!
Evey Hammond: That is *not* funny, Gordon.
Gordon Deitrich: Yeah, I know. I'm useless without a studio audience.
Valerie: I remember how the meaning of words began to change. How unfamiliar words like "collateral" and "rendition" became frightening, while things like Norsefire and the Articles of Allegiance became powerful. I remember how "different" became dangerous. I still don't understand it, why they hate us so much.
Evey Hammond: Is everything a joke to you, Gordon?
Gordon Deitrich: Only the things that matter.
Evey Hammond: Where did you get all this stuff?
V: Oh, here and there, mostly from the Ministry of Objectionable Materials.
Evey Hammond: You stole them?
V: Oh, heavens, no. Stealing implies ownership. You can't steal from the censor; I merely reclaimed them.
Evey Hammond: God, if they ever find this place...
V: I suspect if they do find this place, a few bits of art will be the least of my worries.
V: Did you like it?
Evey Hammond: Yeah. But it made me feel sorry for Mercedes.
V: Why?
Evey Hammond: Because he cared more about revenge than he did about her.
V: I, like God, do not play with dice and do not believe in coincidence.
Evey Hammond: Are you like a... crazy person?
V: I'm quite sure they will say so.
V: Hah! Take that my fat metal friend!
Guard: Look, all they want is one little piece of information. Just give them something... anything.
Evey Hammond: Thank you... but I'd rather die behind the chemical sheds.
Guard: Then you have no fear anymore. You're completely free.
V: Hello, Evey.
Evey Hammond: You. It was you.
V: Yeah.
Evey Hammond: That wasn't real... Is Gordon - ?
V: I'm sorry, but Mr. Deitrich's dead. I thought they'd arrest him, but when they found a Koran in his house, they had him executed.
Evey Hammond: Oh God...
V: Fortunately, I got to you before they did.
Evey Hammond: You got to me? You did this to me? You cut my hair? You tortured me? You tortured me! Why?
V: You said you wanted to live without fear. I wish there'd been an easier way, but there wasn't.
V: I know you may never forgive me... but nor will you understand how hard it was for me to do what I did. Every day I saw in myself everything you see in me now. Every day I wanted to end it, but each time you refused to give in, I knew I couldn't.
Evey Hammond: You're *sick*! You're *evil*!
V: *You* could've ended it, Evey, you could've given in. But you didn't. Why?
Evey Hammond: Leave me alone! I *hate* you!
V: That's it! See, at first I thought it was hate, too. Hate was all I knew, it built my world, it imprisoned me, taught me how to eat, how to drink, how to breathe. I thought I'd die with all my hate in my veins. But then something happened. It happened to me... just as it happened to you.
Evey Hammond: Shut up! I *don't* want to hear your lies!
V: Your own father said that artists use lies to tell the truth. Yes, I created a lie. But because you believed it, you found something true about yourself.
Evey Hammond: No.
V: What was true in that cell is just as true now. What you felt in there has nothing to do with me.
Evey Hammond: I can't feel *anything* anymore!
V: Don't run from it, Evey. You've been running all your life.
Evey Hammond: I can't... can't breathe. Asthma... asthma! When I was little...
V: Listen to me, Evey. This may be the most important moment of your life. Commit to it.
V: They took your parents from you. They took your brother from you.
V: They put you in a cell and took everything they could take except your life. And you believed that was all there was, didn't you? The only thing you had left was your life, but it wasn't, was it?
V: You found something else. In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life. It was when they threatened to kill you unless you gave them what they wanted... you told them you'd rather die. You faced your death, Evey. You were calm. You were still.
V: Try to feel now what you felt then.
Evey Hammond: Oh God... I felt...
V: Yes?
Evey Hammond: I'm dizzy. I need air. Please, I need to be outside.
V: May I inquire as to how you have avoided detection?
Evey Hammond: A fake ID works better than a Guy Fawkes mask.
V: I'm a musician of sorts, and on my way to give a very special performance.
Evey Hammond: What kind of musician?
V: Percussion instruments are my speciality.
Finch: The problem is, he knows us better than we know ourselves. That's why I went to Larkhill, last night.
Dominic: But that's outside quarantine.
Finch: I had to see it. There wasn't much left. But when I was there it was strange. I suddenly had this feeling that everything was connected. It's like I could see the whole thing, one long chain of events that stretched all the way back before Larkhill. I felt like I could see everything that happened, and everything that is going to happen. It was like a perfect pattern, laid out in front of me. And I realised we're all part of it, and all trapped by it.
Dominic: So do you know what's gonna happen?
Finch: No, it was a feeling. But I can guess. With so much chaos, someone will do something stupid. And when they do, things will turn nasty. And then Sutler will be forced to do the only thing he knows how to do. At which point, all V needs to do is keep his word. And then...
Evey Hammond: It's delicious! God, I haven't had real butter since I was a little girl! Where did you get it?
V: A government supply train on its way to Chancellor Sutler.
Evey Hammond: You stole this from Chancellor Sutler?
V: Yes.
Evey Hammond: You're insane!
Evey Hammond: You were in the cell next to her. That's what it's all about... you're getting back at them for what they did to her... and to you.
V: What was done to me created me. It's a basic principle of the Universe that every action will create an equal and opposing reaction.
Evey Hammond: Is that how you see it? Like an equation?
V: What was done to me was monstrous.
Evey Hammond: And they created a monster.
Delia Surridge: It's you, isn't it? You've come to kill me?
V: Yes.
Delia Surridge: Thank God.
Delia Surridge: After what happened. After what they did. I thought about killing myself. I knew that one day you'd come for me. I didn't know what they were going to do. I swear to you. Read my journal.
V: What they did was only possible because of you.
Delia Surridge: Oppenheimer was able to change more than a course of a war. It changed the entire course of human history. Is it wrong to hold on to that kind of hope?
V: I've not come for what you've hoped to do. I've come for what you did.
Delia Surridge: It's funny. I was given one of your roses today. I wasn't sure you were the terrorist until I saw it. What a strange coincidence that I should be given one today.
V: There are no coincidences, Delia. Only the illusion of coincidences.
V: I have another rose and this one is for you.
Delia Surridge: You're going to kill me now?
V: I killed you ten minutes ago... while you slept.
Delia Surridge: Is there any pain?
V: No.
Delia Surridge: Thank you. Is it meaningless to apologize?
V: Never...
Delia Surridge: I'm so sorry.
Valerie: It seems strange that my life should end in such a terrible place, but for three years I had roses and apologized to no one. I shall die here. Every inch of me shall perish. Every inch, but one. An inch. It is small and it is fragile and it is the only thing in the world worth having. We must never lose it or give it away. We must NEVER let them take it from us. I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the worlds turns, and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that, even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you. With all my heart, I love you. Valerie.
Evey Hammond: She's lying.
V: How do you know?
Evey Hammond: She blinks a lot when she's reading a story she knows is false.
Sutler: I want this country to realize that we stand on the edge of oblivion. I want every man, woman and child to understand how close we are to chaos. I want everyone to remember why they need us!
Evey Hammond: I don't even know what you really look like.
V: Evey, please. There is a face beneath this mask but it's not me. I'm no more that face than I am the muscles beneath it or the bones beneath them.
Evey Hammond: I understand.
V: Thank you.
Lewis Prothero: You... it is you!
V: The Ghost of Christmas past.
Evey Hammond: But why would you keep it?
Gordon Deitrich: I didn't have to be Muslim to find the images beautiful, or its poetry moving.
Interrogator: I am instructed to inform you that you have been convicted by special tribunal and that unless you are ready to offer your cooperation you are to be executed. Do you understand what I'm telling you?
Evey Hammond: Yes.
Interrogator: Are you ready to cooperate?
Evey Hammond: No.
Interrogator: Very well. Escort Ms. Hammond back to her cell. Arrange a detail of six men and take her out behind the chemical shed and shoot her.
Guard: It's time.
Evey Hammond: I'm ready.
Guard: Look all they want is one little piece of information, just give them something, anything.
Evey Hammond: Thank you, but I'd rather die behind the chemical sheds.
Guard: Then you have no fear any more. You're completely free.
Evey Hammond: God is in the rain...
V: No, what you have are bullets, and the hope that when your guns are empty, I'm no longer standing, because if I am... you'll all be dead before you've reloaded.
Finch: Why are you doing this?
Evey Hammond: Because he was right.
Finch: About what?
Evey Hammond: That this country needs more than a building right now. It needs hope.
V: I thought we could mark this November the 5th a day that is, sadly, a day that is no longer remembered by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat. There are, of course, those who do not want us to speak. I suspect even now, orders are being shouted into telephones and men with guns will soon be on their way. Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and, for those who will listen, the ennunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there?
Evey Hammond: Are you a Muslim?
Gordon Deitrich: No. I'm in television.
Sutler: Ah! Warm milk, there's nothing better.
Gordon Deitrich: I understand you enjoy a glass every night, chancellor.
Sutler: Since I was a boy.
V: Conceal me what I am, and be my aid For such disguise as haply shall become The form of my intent.
Evey Hammond: I can't stay here.
V: I know. Well, you won't find any more locked doors here.
V: More than 400 years ago a great citizen wished to embed the fifth of November forever in our memory. His hope was to remind the world that fairness, justice, and freedom are more than words; they are perspectives. So if you've seen nothing, if the crimes of this government remain unknown to you, then I would suggest you allow the fifth of November to pass unmarked. But if you see what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask you to stand beside me, one year from tonight, outside the gates of Parliament, and together we shall give them a fifth of November that shall never, ever be forgot!
Lewis Prothero: So I read that the former United States is so desperate for medical supplies that they have allegedly sent several containers filled with wheat and tobacco. A gesture, they said, of good will. You wanna know what I think? Well, you're listening to my show, so I will assume you do... I think it's high time we let the colonies know what we really think of them. I think its payback time for a little tea party they threw for us a few hundred years ago. I say we go down to those docks tonight and dump that crap where everything from the Ulcered Sphincter of Arse-erica belongs! Who's with me? Who's bloody with me?
Lewis Prothero: Did you like that? USA... Ulcered Sphincter of Arse-erica, I mean what else can you say? Here was a country that had everything, absolutely everything. And now, 20 years later, is what? The world's biggest leper colony. Why? Godlessness. Let me say that again... Godlessness. It wasn't the war they started. It wasn't the plague they created. It was Judgement. No one escapes their past. No one escapes Judgement. You think he's not up there? You think he's not watching over this country? How else can you explain it? He tested us, but we came through. We did what we had to do. Islington. Enfield. I was there, I saw it all. Immigrants, Muslims, homosexuals, terrorists. Disease-ridden degenerates. They had to go. Strength through unity. Unity through faith. I'm a God-fearing Englishman and I'm goddamn proud of it!
V: Wait! Here comes the crescendo!
Finch: If our own government was responsible for the deaths of almost a hundred thousand people... would you really want to know?
Evey Hammond: She was real! She's beautiful. Did you know her?
V: No. She wrote the letter just before she died, and I delieverd the letter to you as it had been delivered to me.
Evey Hammond: Then it really happened, didn't it?
V: The time has come for me to meet my maker and to repay him in kind for all that he's done.
Lilliman: Oh please, have mercy!
V: Oh, not tonight Bishop... not tonight!
V: Penny for the Guy?
Lewis Prothero: I'll tell you what I wish. I wish I had been there! I wish I had the chance for a face-to-face. Just one chance, that's all I'd need!
Evey Hammond: Does it have a happy ending?
V: As only celluloid can deliver.
Evey Hammond: OK. Put the sword away.
V: I promise you it will be like nothing you have ever seen.
Evey Hammond: I wish I wasn't afraid *all* the time, but... I *am*.
Sutler: What we need right now is a clear message to the people of this country. This message must be read in every newspaper, heard on every radio, seen on every television... I want *everyone* to *remember*, why they *need* us!
V: Is that what you really think, or what they would want you to think?
Creedy: Why should I trust you?
V: Because it's the only way you're ever going to stop me!
Valerie: It seems strange that my life should end in such a terrible place, but for three years I had roses, and apologized to no one.
Little Glasses Girl: I'll get it.
BFC courier: Eric Finch?
Finch: Yeah.
Finch: Bloody hell...
Finch: How many went out?
Dominic: So far we count eight box cars: several hundred *thousand* at least.
Finch: Christ.
Sutler: I want anyone caught with one of those masks arrested!
Convenience Store V: Give me the money! Give me the fucking money!
Dominic: We're under siege here, the whole city's gone mad!
Finch: This is exactly what he wants.
Dominic: What?
Convenience Store V: Anarchy in the UK!
Finch: Chaos.
V: May I inquire as to how you escaped detection?
Evey Hammond: A fake ID works better than a Guy Fawkes mask.
V: There are 872 songs on here. I've listened to them all... but I've never danced to any of them.
Evey Hammond: Did you hear me?
V: Yes.
Evey Hammond: I can't stay here.
V: I know.
Evey Hammond: I thought about keeping this, but it didn't seem right, knowing you wrote it.
V: I didn't.
Evey Hammond: I don't see any instruments.
V: Your powers of observation continue to serve you well.
Evey Hammond: What is that?
Gordon Deitrich: It's a copy of the Quran, 14th century.
Valerie: I know there's no way I can convince you this is not one of their tricks, but I don't care. I am me. My name is Valerie. I don't think I'll live much longer, and I wanted to tell someone about my life. This is the only autobiography that I will ever write and God, I'm writing it on toilet paper. I was born in Nottingham in 1985. I don't remember much of those early years, but I do remember the rain. My grandmother owned a farm in Tottle Brook and she used to tell me that God was in the rain. I passed my 11 Plus and went to girls' grammar. It was at school that I met my first girlfriend. Her name was Sarah. It was her wrists. They were beautiful. I thought we would love each other forever. I remember our teacher telling us that it was an adolescent phase that people outgrew. Sarah did. I didn't. In 2002, I fell in love with a girl named Christina. That year I came out to my parents. I couldn't have done it without Chris holding my hand. My father wouldn't look at me. He told me to go and never come back. My mother said nothing. But I'd only told them the truth. Was that so selfish? Our integrity sells for so little, but it is all we really have. It is the very last inch of us. But within that inch we are free. I'd always known what I wanted to do with my life and in 2015 I starred in my first film, The Salt Flats. It was the most important role of my life. Not because of my career, but because that was how I met Ruth. The first time we kissed I knew I never wanted to kiss any other lips but hers again. We moved to a small flat in London together. She grew Scarlet Carsons for me in our window box and our place always smelt of roses. Those were the best years of my life.
V: "The multiplying villainies of nature do swarm upon him
V: disdaining fortune/with his brandish'd steel, which smoked with bloody execution...?
Valerie: But America's war grew worse and worse and eventually it came to London. After that there were no roses anymore. Not for anyone.
BTN News Poppet: Now, this is only an initial report, but at this time, it's believed that during this heroic raid, the terrorist was shot and killed.
Little Glasses Girl: Bollocks.
Evey Hammond: Are you a Muslim?
Gordon Deitrich: No, I'm in television.
Evey Hammond: Artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up.
Evey Hammond: I can't feel *anything* anymore!
Sutler: Gentlemen, I want this terrorist found... and I want him to understand what *terror* really means.
Sutler: My fellow Englishmen: tonight our country, that which we stand for, and all we hold dear, faces a grave and terrible threat. This violent and unparalleled assault on our security will not go undefended... or unpunished. Our enemy is an insidious one, seeking to divide us and destroy the very foundation of our great nation. Tonight, we must remain steadfast. We must remain determined. But most of all, we must remain united. Those caught tonight in violation of curfew will be considered in league with our enemy and prosecuted as a terrorist without leniency or exception. Tonight, I give you my most solemn vow: that justice will be swift, it will be righteous, and it will be without mercy.
Evey Hammond: I wish I believed that was possible. But every time I've seen this world change, it's always been for the worse.
Creedy: Not so funny now is it, funny man?
Finch: Tonight's your big night. Are you ready for it?... Are we ready for it?
Lewis Prothero: Strength through unity! Unity through faith!
Lewis Prothero: There will be no negotiation, Roger. When I arrive in the morning, the paddy will be gone. I'm looking at the tape right now, and he has no idea how to light me! My nose looks like Big freaking Ben!
Lewis Prothero: Listen to me, you bleeding sod, England prevails because I say it does! And so does every lazy bum on this show, and that includes you! Find another DOP, or find yourself another job!
Creedy: Now that's done with. It's time to have a look at your face. Take off your mask.
V: No.
Evey Hammond: I worried about myself for a while... but then one day I was a market and a friend, someone I'd worked with at the BTN, got in line behind me. I was so nervous that when the cashier asked me for my money, I dropped it. My friend picked it up and handed it to me. She looked at me right in the eyes... didn't recognize me.
Evey Hammond: I guess whatever you did to me worked better than I imagined.
Sutler: Tonight, I will speak directly to these people and make the situation perfectly clear to them. The security of this nation depends on complete and total compliance. Tonight, any protester, any instigator or agitator, will be made example of!
Dascomb: Chancellor, there is a contingency that has not been addressed.
Sutler: And what is that, Mr. Dascomb?
Dascomb: Should the terrorist succeed...?
Sutler: He won't.
Dascomb: I understand that it is highly unlikely, but if he does...?
Sutler: If he does, and something happens to that building, the only thing that will change, the only difference that it will make, is that tomorrow morning, instead of a newspaper, I will be reading Mr. Creedy's resignation!
Delia Surridge: May 23rd. My first batch of subjects arrived today, and I have to admit that I am very excited. This could be the dawn of a new age. Nuclear power is meaningless in a world where a virus can kill an entire population and leave its wealth intact...
V: It's my home. I call it the Shadow Gallery.
V: You did what you thought was right.
Evey Hammond: No. I shouldn't have done that. I must have been out of my mind.
Evey Hammond: I think I should go.
Evey Hammond: Home. I have to go home.
V: I'm afraid that won't work either. Now, you have to understand, Evey. I don't want this for either of us, but I couldn't see any other way. You were unconscious, and I had to make a decision. If I had left you there, right now, you'd be in one of Creedy's interrogation cells. They'd imprison you, torture you, and, in all probability, kill you in the pursuit of finding me. After what you did, I couldn't let that happen, so I picked you up and carried you to the only place I knew you'd be safe: here, to my home.
Evey Hammond: I won't tell anyone, I swear. You know you can trust me.
V: I'm sorry, but I can't take that risk.
Valerie: They took Ruth while she was out buying food. I've never cried so hard in my life. It wasn't long till they came for me.
Sutler: Every day, gentlemen. Every day that brings us closer to November. Every day that man remains free is one more failure. 347 days, gentlemen. 347 failures!
Creedy: Chancellor, we do not have the adequate force...
Sutler: We are being buried beneath the avalanche of your inadequacies, Mr. Creedy!
Fred: You show me ID, or I'll get Storm Saxon on your ass.
Fred: Fucking hell.
V: My turn.
Gordon Deitrich: We threw out the censor-approved script and shot a new one that I wrote this morning.
Evey Hammond: Oh, my God...
V: At last, we finally meet. I have something for you, Chancellor; a farewell gift. For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
V: Good-bye, Chancellor. Mr. Creedy...
Creedy: Disgusting.
Lewis Prothero: England Prevails!
V: Sutler can no longer trust you, can he, Mr. Creedy? And we both know why. After I destroy Parliament, his only chance will be to offer them someone else. Some other piece of meat. And who will that be? You, Mr. Creedy. A man as smart as you has probably considered this. A man as smart as you probably has a plan. That plan is the reason Sutler no longer trusts you. It's the reason why you're being watched right now, why there are eyes and ears in every room of this house and a tap on every phone.
Creedy: Bollocks.
V: Oh, a man as smart as you, I think, knows otherwise.
Creedy: What do you want?
V: Sutler. Come now, Mr. Creedy, you knew this was coming. You knew that one day, it'd be you or him. That's why Sutler's been kept underground, for "security purposes". That's why there are several of your men close to Sutler. Men that could be counted on. All you have to do is say the word.
Creedy: What do I get out of this deal?
V: Me.
V: If you accept, put an "x" on your front door.
Creedy: Why should I trust you?
V: 'Cause it's the only way you're ever going to stop me.
Security Guard: Creepy Creedy.
V: There is no court in this country for men like Prothero.
Dascomb: Do you have any idea how long it would take to rebuild this facility?
Finch: Do you have any idea what you're doing?
Evey Hammond: Tell me... do you like music, Mr. Finch?
Interrogator: Do you know why you're here, Evey Hammond?
Evey Hammond: No please...
Interrogator: You've been formally charged with three counts of murder, the bombing of government property, conspiracy to commit terrorism, treason, and sedition. The penalty for which is death by firing squad. You have one chance and only one chance to save your life. You must tell us the identity or whereabouts of codename V. If your information leads to his capture, you will be released from this facility immediately. Do you understand what I'm telling you? You can return to your life, Miss Hammond. All you have to do is cooperate.
Interrogator: Process her.
Lewis Prothero: I'll tell you what I know. I know this is not a man.
Lewis Prothero: What is he?
Lewis Prothero: A man does not wear a mask!
Lewis Prothero: What is he?
Lewis Prothero: A man does not threaten innocent civilians! He's what every gutless freedom hating terrorist is, a goddamn coward!
Lewis Prothero: This so called V and his accomplice Evey Hammond, neo-demagogues spouting their message of hate, a delusional and aberrant voice...
Lewis Prothero: Aberrant and abhorrent!
Lewis Prothero: delivering a terrorist's ultimatum...
Lewis Prothero: Traitor!
Lewis Prothero: An ultimatum that was met with swift, surgically precise justice!
Lewis Prothero: No mercy!
Lewis Prothero: The moral of this story ladies and gentleman is...
Lewis Prothero: Good guys win, bad guys lose, and as always, England prevails!
Evey Hammond: But is it worth it? I mean if they found that here...
Gordon Deitrich: I told you, you'll be the least of my worries.
Evey Hammond: God is in the rain.
Evey Hammond: I remember them arguing at night. Mum wanted to leave the country. Dad refused. He said if we ran away, they would win. Win, like it was a game.
Delia Surridge: May 27th. Commander Prothero toured the lab with a priest, Father Lilliman, who I was told is here to monitor for rules and rights violations. It made me nervous, but the commander assured me there wouldn't be a problem.
Delia Surridge: June 2nd. I kept wondering if these people knew how they might be helping their country, if they would act any differently. They're so weak and pathetic. They never look you in the eye. I find myself hating them.
Delia Surridge: August the 18th. Of the original four dozen, over 75 percent are now deceased. No controllable pattern has yet emerged.
Evey Hammond: You mean, after what you've done? God, what have I done? I Maced that detective. Why did I do that?
V: You said they were looking for you. If they know where you work, they certainly know where you live.
Patricia: I need two espressos and three coffees from downstairs.
Tweed Coat Fingerman: By sun-up if you're not the sorriest piece of ass in all'a London... you'll certainly be the sorest!
Evey Hammond: I can't believe you watch that shit.
Fred: What? Laser Lass is bangin'.
Sutler: Spare us your professional annotations, Mr. Finch. They are irrelevant.
Dominic: Pucker up, here comes a finger.
V: May I ask where?
Evey Hammond: I have friends. I could stay with them.
Evey Hammond: But I don't even know where this is. We could be anywhere.     