
Jep Gambardella: This is how it always ends. With death. But first there was life. Hidden beneath the blah, blah, blah. It's all settled beneath the chitter chatter and the noise. Silence and sentiment. Emotion and fear. The haggard, inconstant flashes of beauty. And then the wretched squalor and miserable humanity. All buried under the cover of the embarrassment of being in the world, blah, blah, blah... Beyond there is what lies beyond. I don't deal with what lies beyond. Therefore... let this novel begin. After all... it's just a trick. Yes, it's just a trick.
Jep Gambardella: We're all on the brink of despair, all we can do is look each other in the face, keep each other company, joke a little... Don't you agree?
Jep Gambardella: The most important thing I discovered a few days after turning 65 is that I can't waste any more time doing things I don't want to do.
Jep Gambardella: To this question, as kids, my friends always gave the same answer: "Pussy". Whereas I answered "The smell of old people's houses". The question was "What do you really like the most in life?" I was destined for sensibility. I was destined to become a writer. I was destined to become Jep Gambardella.
Romano: I spent all my summers making plans for September. Not any longer. Now I spend the summer remembering the good intentions which vanished. In part because of laziness, in part because of carelessness. What's wrong with feeling nostalgic? It's the only distraction for those who've no faith in the future. Without rain August is coming to an end, and September isn't arriving. And I'm so ordinary. But there's no need to worry. It's alright, it's okay.
Jep Gambardella: When I came to Rome at the age of 26, I fell pretty swiftly into what might be defined as the whirl of the high life, but I didn't just want to live the high life, i wanted to be the king of the high life. I didn't just want to attend parties, i wanted the power to make them fail.
Santa: Madam, I took a vow of poverty. And you can't talk about poverty... you have to live it.
Santa: Do you know why I only eat roots?
Jep Gambardella: No, why?
Santa: Because roots are important.
Jep Gambardella: The trains at our parties are the best in Rome. They're the best cause they go nowhere.
Jep Gambardella: What'll you do now?
Alfredo: What I've always done. I'll live in adoration of her.
Jep Gambardella: I'm not a misogynist, I'm a misanthrope.
Jep Gambardella: Madame Ardant!
Fanny Ardant: Bonne nuit.
Jep Gambardella: Please, I'm a gentleman. Don't destroy my only certainty.
Ramona: That girl was crying.
Jep Gambardella: Nonesense! That girl earns millions!
Talia Concept: Write about how she has sex with her fiance 11 times a day, he's a talented conceptual artist, he covers basketballs with confetti! He's sensational!
Jep Gambardella: La Colita!
Jep Gambardella: What's wrong with feeling nostalgic? It's the only distraction left for those who've no faith in the future.     