
Hana: I am a mistake made by God. In my heart, I am a woman.
Gin: Women can have children.
Hana: What if a miracle like the Virgin Mary getting pregnant... was to happen to a homo?
Hana: Better give me a little extra. I'm eating for two.
Miyuki: Eat shit, you old fart.
Hana: "Shit" I'll take, but "fart" I won't!
'Angel' Drag Queen: What is your desire? My magic? Or an ambulance?
Gin: A- Ambulance...
'Angel' Drag Queen: Well! Aren't you rude!
Hana: All he thinks about is himself.
Miyuki: Yeah, Miss Hana, but you're in love with him, aren't you?
Hana: Don't be silly. I like my men to be more 'manly.'
Hana: My kind of man is slender, middle-aged, tan, with a divine square-back haircut and a lower town accent, who says 'Ah what the hell' when I don't quite have the cab fare.
Miyuki: God must be busy at this time of year.
Hana: Better once a year than never.
Miyuki: Big breasts... cool.
Gin: I want to get rid of some trash.
Gin: I don't think I'd fit.
Aged Man: I always wanted to die drunk in a nice, old house. I'm halfway there.
Hana: On the year's last day / when all of a life's accounts / have been settled up.
Gin: Hana: What are you doing to Dostoyevski?
Hana: This is a Christmas present from God! She's our baby!
Hana: Oh, cheer up! Let's sing a song...
Hana: Climb every mountain/...
Miyuki: What the hell's that?
Hana: "The Sound of Music," of course!
Miyuki: Never heard of it.
Hana: Climb every mountain/ Ford every stream...
Gin: That's going to make you even hungrier.
Hana: Follow every rainbow/ till... you... find... your... dream...
Hana: You really are the lowest of the low! The best thing you'll ever do is die in the gutter! Oh, poor you! You'll be dead and no one'll care! All you ever do is cause people trouble - dead or alive, you're living trash! The king of trash!
Gin: Okay, so I'm trash, but you're ugly!
Doctor: Your friend is very weak. Make sure he gets rest and proper nutrition.
Gin: Doctor! Believe or not, we're homeless.
Doctor: I'm just a doctor.
Gin: Rest and nutrition don't fit with our lifestyle, you realize.
Doctor: I can try to cure disease. Lifestyle is something you have to fix. All anyone can do is their best. Take care.
Hana: Being able to speak freely is the lifeblood of love. Maybe l'm naive.
Hana: If you like the police so much, get THEM to adopt you!
Hana: Dreams do come true. I always dreamed of being the mother of a little girl. A nice, warm house, a pretty daughter. Even if my husband was no good... I would accept dire poverty as long as I had my child.
Gin: Feed the poor kid!
Hana: Which way?
Gin: Left!
Hana: Okay, right!
Gin: Why?
Hana: You're a lousy gambler!
Gin: You got that right!
Gin: Hey, wait a minute. We're homeless bums, not action-movie heroes.
Hana: Miyuki! Close your legs! Act like you were a woman!
Miyuki: I am a woman.
Gin: You can't get milk from an old queer's tits, no matter how hard you think.
Bum #1: Hey, you're the girl who hangs out with Gin.
Bum #2: Get out of here, will you?
Bum #1: We don't want Gin after us.
Miyuki: Why not?
Bum #1: You're the light of his life, that's why not!
Miyuki: There's not much light in a cardboard box.
Hana: I'm starving!
Gin: I told you!
Hana: Look after my little angel. Go on without me. Just say you'll never forget the queer you once knew.
Miyuki: Look, a cemetery.
Hana: I'm not dead yet!
Hana: Since Ken died I'm like a canary... that's forgotten it's song.
Miyuki: You sing all the time!
Mother: So, Ken died did he?
Mother: AIDS?
Hana: He slipped on the soap.
Mother: Well, death is always a hair's breadth away.
Hana: My mother's white breath / as she watches me set out / on a long journey.
Hana: I am a mistake made by God.In my heart, I am a woman. Women can have children. What if a miracle like the Virgin Mary getting pregnant... was to happen to a homo? Better give me a little extra. After all, l"m eating for two.
Gin: You peep pretty loud for a chick that can"t even find its own worms.
Gin: The cop shop's that way!
Gin: I know, I know, he's not your mommy. He's just a homeless homo.
Gin: You peep pretty loud for a chick that can't even find its own worms.
Miyuki: Should a burden on society like you be talking?
Gin: You're a burden on us- what does that make you?
Miyuki: The kettle the pot's calling black.
Gin: You mouthy brat!
Hana: Can't you at least get along on Christmas?
Hana: Go for it, Gin! No action star can touch you!
Gin: Thank that doctor for me. He seems like a nice guy.
Kiyoko, Gin's Daughter: I'm getting married.
Gin: Oh? That's good.
Kiyoko, Gin's Daughter: To him.
Gin: Great!
Gin: Wait. But isn't he about my age?     