
John: Congratulations. You are still alive. Most people are so ungrateful to be alive. But not you. Not anymore.
John: Most people are so ungrateful to be alive, but not you, not any more...
John: GAME OVER!
Adam: Don't! Don't!
Adam: NO!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: What's your name?
Adam: My name is Very Fucking Confused; what's your name?
John: Hello Amanda. You don't know me, but I know you. I want to play a game. Here's what happens if you lose. The device you are wearing is hooked into your upper and lower jaw. When the timer in the back goes off, your mouth will be permanently ripped open. Think of it like a reverse bear trap. Here, I'll show you. There is only one key to open the device. It's in the stomach of your dead cellmate. Look around Amanda. Know that I'm not lying. Better hurry up. Live or die, make your choice.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: What's the last thing you remember?
Adam: Nothing! I went to bed in my shithole apartment, and I woke up in an actual shithole.
Adam: My last girlfriend was a feminist, vegan punk who broke up with me because she thought I was too angry.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: He doesn't want us to cut through our chains. He wants us to cut through our feet!
John: Rise and shine, Adam. You're probably wondering where you are. I'll tell you where you might be. You might be in the room that you die in. Up until now, you've simply sat in the shadows watching others live out their lives. But what do voyeurs see when they look into the mirror? Now I see you as a strange mix of someone angry, yet apathetic. But mostly just pathetic. So are you going to watch yourself die here today, Adam, or do something about it?
Adam: I don't get it.
John: I'm sick from the disease eating away at me inside...
Kerry: Sounds like our friend Jigsaw.
John: I'm sick of people who don't appreciate their blessings...
Kerry: ... looks like our guy like's to book himself front row seats to his own sick little games
John: Hello Mark,Paul, Amanda, Zep, Adam, Dr.Gordon.
John: I want to play a game.
Adam: I don't give a crap if you covered yourself in peanut butter and had a 15 hooker gang bang!
Adam: Do you see any scars?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: What?
Adam: Huh? This is what they do man! They kidnap and drug you, before you know it you're lying in a bathtub and your kidneys are on eBay!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: No one has taken your kidneys.
Adam: Can you tell from way over there?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Because you'd need to be in terrible agony or you'd be dead by now, trust me.
Adam: What are you? A surgeon?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Yeah.
Adam: I'm having a blast! This is the most fun I've had without lubricant!
Zep Hindle: You're too late.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Why?
Zep Hindle: It's the Rules.
Adam: Face it Larry, we're both bullshiters. My camera, it doesn't know how to lie. It only shows you what's put right in front of it
John: Hello, Mr. Hindle. Or as they called you around the hospital: Zep. I want you to make a choice. There's a slow-acting poison coursing through your system, which only I have the antidote for. Will you murder a mother and her child to save yourself? Listen carefully, if you will. There are rules.
Alison Gordon: How can you go through life pretending that you're happy?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: I am happy.
Alison Gordon: That is complete bullshit, I'd rather you break down and tell me that you hated me. At least there would be some passion in it.
Adam: Help! Someone help me! Is someone there? Hey! Oh shit, I'm probably dead.
Adam: No! Oh, my God! What are you doing? Lawrence, what are you doing? What are you... Oh, my God! Lawrence, don't! No! Lawrence, please! I'm begging you! Lawrence, it's not me who did this to you.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: You have to die
Adam: No, I want to live!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: I'm sorry...
Adam: I want to live!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: My family...
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: I've done it, now show them to me!
Detective David Tapp: I'm'a kill you, you sick asshole!
Detective David Tapp: At least we'll have the cover of darkness.
Detective Steven Sing: So will anybody else.
Adam: You want to know what I do? I'm paid to follow rich guys like you who go to seedy, out-of-the-way motels to fuck their secretaries.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: I wouldn't lie to you...
John: Hello, Paul. You are a perfectly healthy, sane and middle-class male yet last month you ran a straight razor across your wrist. Did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die or did you just want some attention? Tonight, you'll show me. The irony is that if you want to die you just have to stay where you are, but if you want to live, you'll have to cut yourself again. Find the path through the razor-wire to the door but hurry. At 3:00 that door will lock and then, this room becomes your tomb. How much blood will you shed to stay alive?
John: Hello, Mark. If you are so sick then why do I have so many photos of you up and about? Let's put your so called "illness" to the test. Right now, there's a slow-acting poison in your veins. The antidote is inside the safe - the combination to the safe is written on the wall. Hurry up and program it in but watch your step.
John: By the way, that's a flammable substance smeared on your body, so I would be careful with that candle if I were you... or all the people you've burned with your act just might have their revenge.
John: Dr. Gordon, this is your wake-up call. Everyday of your working life you have given people the news that they're gonna die soon. Now *you* will be the cause of death. Your aim in this game is to kill Adam. You have until six on the clock to do it. There's a man in the room with you. When there's that much poison in your blood, the only thing left to do - is shoot yourself. There are ways to win this, hidden all around you. Just remember, X marks the spot for the treasure. If you do not kill Adam by six, then Alison and Diana will die, Dr. Gordon... and I'll leave you in this room to rot. Let the game begin.
John: The key to that chain is in the bathtub.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Fuck this shit!
Adam: Look... we're out of time!
Zep Hindle: I'm gonna kill your husband now, Mrs. Gordon!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: That clock. It's brand new.
Adam: So?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: So someone obviously wanted us to know the time.
Detective David Tapp: Right, Sing, right? We're gonna close the scene!
Zep Hindle: Dont look at me... I can't help you.
Detective David Tapp: Who said anything about a warrant?
Zep Hindle: Dr. Gordon's time is up, now I gotta do what I gotta do and... I'm afraid it has to be you that tells him he's failed.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Is that you, Zep, you bastard? I know it's you, you son of a bitch!
Alison Gordon: Larry.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Ali?
Alison Gordon: You failed.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: You tell anyone you were here?
Carla: No.
Carla: Hello? It's for you.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Me?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Hello?
John: I know what you're doing, doctor.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: I have to go.
Carla: What happened?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: I got to go.
Adam: Are they ok?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: My wife... , she, uh she mentioned your name.
Adam: What did she say?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: She told me not to believe you.
Adam: Believe me about what?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: She told me you knew me. Who are you?
Adam: You know who I am.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Stop the lies! You're a liar! I need to know the truth!
Adam: I'm a liar? What did you do last night, Lawrence? Work at the hospital? Saving sick children? You told me last night, that after you left your house last night, you went to work at the hospital.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: That's because it's the truth.
Adam: No, it's not. Your wife was right, Larry. You don't recall getting your picture taken in that parking lot?
Adam: I can prove you didn't go anywhere near a hospital last night. he shows Larry the pictures from the tub. It's not the first time I've done it either, Larry. I've been taking pictures of you for a few days now.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: But... why?
Adam: You wanna know what I do? I get paid to take pictures of rich guys like you who go to seedy, out-of-the-way motels to fuck their secretaries
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Okay, this patient has an inoperable frontal lobe tumor extending across the midline, started as colon cancer. The patient had come in for a standard check-up, which we were able to monitor the rate at which his condition is declining. The patient ha...
Zep Hindle: His name is John, Dr.Gordon. He's a very interesting person.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Thank you for that information Zep; as you can see our orderlies form very special bonds with the patients.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Who was it?
Adam: Who was who?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: The person who paid you to photograph me who was it?
Adam: He calls himself "Bob" and he gives me the money upfront. 200 bucks a night. If I had known I was gonna end up in here I would've asked for a hell of a lot more.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: What does that mean? Does that mean you saw what happened to me?
Adam: What I saw was you get into your car, that's it. I didn't ask your name, I didn't know who you were, I don't know how I got here, I don't know how you got here. I just took the shots and went straight home to develop them. Next thing I know I'm chained to a pipe in some prehistoric bathroom, staring at the guy I've been taking shots of all day.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Clearly whoever paid you to take pictures of me... is the one who put us here!
Adam: Maybe.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: What do you mean "Maybe"? Of course it is. What did this guy look like?
Adam: Well he's just a guy.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Was he tall,dark,skinny,obese?
Adam: I don't take notes on his appearance!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Clearly you must remember something about him.
Adam: I can't!
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: You mean you're telling me you can't remember a thing about the guy!
Adam: I told you I...
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Oh for fuck's sake! I give up!
Adam: He's a tall black guy, he's got a scar around his neck! Okay?
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Tapp, Detective Tapp.
Adam: Whoa, guy who paid me to take these photos was not a cop.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: No no no, he was discharged from the police force, broked down after his partner got killed. That didn't stop him from harassing me... he convinced himself that I must have somehow been involved with the murders and he's crazy... and you helped him. You took money from him to invade my privacy... how could you do that?
Adam: I call it my need to eat.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Right, ya know what Adam? You are not a victim of this game, YOU'RE A PART OF IT.
Zep Hindle: Goodnight little girl.
Detective Steven Sing: Maybe you should find yourself a girlfriend.
Dr. Lawrence Gordon: Did you find anything?
Adam: No solids.
Detective David Tapp: You know, we arrested a dentist last week who liked to play with kids a bit too much. He lived two blocks from here. The sewer lines run under this neighborhood too, doctor.     