
James Bond: Why is it that people who can't take advice always insist on giving it?
James Bond: I'm sorry. That last hand... nearly killed me.
James Bond: Dry Martini.
Bartender: Oui, monsieur.
James Bond: Wait... three measures of Gordon's; one of vodka; half a measure of Kina Lillet. Shake it over ice, and add a thin slice of lemon peel.
Bartender: Yes, sir.
Tomelli: You know, I'll have one of those.
Infante: So will I.
Bartender: Certainly.
Felix Leiter: My friend, bring me one as well, keep the fruit.
Le Chiffre: That's it, hmm? Anyone want to play poker now?
Felix Leiter: Someone's in a hurry.
Vesper Lynd: What else can you surmise, Mr. Bond?
James Bond: About you, Miss Lynd? Well, your beauty's a problem. You worry you won't be taken seriously.
Vesper Lynd: Which one can say of any attractive woman with half a brain.
James Bond: True. But this one overcompensates by wearing slightly masculine clothing. Being more aggressive than her female colleagues. Which gives her a somewhat *prickly* demeanor, and ironically enough, makes it less likely for her to be accepted and promoted by her male superiors, who mistake her insecurities for arrogance. Now, I'd have normally gone with "only child," but, you see, by the way you ignored the quip about your parents... I'm gonna have to go with "orphan."
Vesper Lynd: All right... by the cut of your suit, you went to Oxford or wherever. Naturally you think human beings dress like that. But you wear it with such disdain, my guess is you didn't come from money, and your school friends never let you forget it. Which means you were at that school by the grace of someone else's charity - hence that chip on your shoulder. And since your first thought about me ran to "orphan," that's what I'd say you are.
Vesper Lynd: Oh, you are? I like this poker thing. And that makes perfect sense! Since MI6 looks for maladjusted young men, who give little thought to sacrificing others in order to protect Queen and country. You know... former SAS types with easy smiles and expensive watches.
Vesper Lynd: Rolex?
James Bond: Omega.
Vesper Lynd: Beautiful. Now, having just met you, I wouldn't go as far as calling you a cold-hearted bastard...
James Bond: No, of course not.
Vesper Lynd: But it wouldn't be a stretch to imagine. You think of women as disposable pleasures, rather than meaningful pursuits. So as charming as you are, Mr. Bond, I will be keeping my eye on our government's money - and off your perfectly-formed arse.
James Bond: You noticed?
Vesper Lynd: Even accountants have imagination. How was your lamb?
James Bond: Skewered! One sympathizes.
Vesper Lynd: Good evening, Mr. Bond.
James Bond: Good evening, Ms. Lynd.
James Bond: We've been involved for quite a long while. Hence, the shared suite.
Vesper Lynd: But, my family is strict Roman Catholic. So, for appearances sake, it'll be a two-bedroom suite.
James Bond: I do *hate* it when religion comes between us.
Vesper Lynd: Religion - and a securely locked door. Am I going to have a problem with you, Bond?
James Bond: No, don't worry, you're not my type.
Vesper Lynd: Smart?
James Bond: Single.
James Bond: Vodka-martini.
Bartender: Shaken or stirred?
James Bond: Do I look like I give a damn?
James Bond: Now the whole world's gonna know that you died scratching my balls!
Le Chiffre: Oh... I died? I died?
James Bond: Yeah! 'Cause no matter what you do, I'm not gonna give you the password which means your clients are gonna hunt you down and cut you into little pieces of meat while you're still breathing. Because if you kill me, there'll be nowhere else to hide.
Le Chiffre: But you are SO WRONG! 'Cause even after I slaughtered you and your little girlfriend, your people would still welcome me with open arms... because they need... what I know.
James Bond: The big picture.
Le Chiffre: Give me the password, and I will at least let her live.
Le Chiffre: Bond, do it soon enough and she might even be in one piece.
Le Chiffre: You *really* aren't going to tell me, are you?
James Bond: No.
James Bond: I've got a little itch, down there. Would you mind?
James Bond: I think I'll call it a Vesper.
Vesper Lynd: Because of the bitter aftertaste?
James Bond: No, because once you've tasted it, that's all you want to drink.
Vesper Lynd: You can switch off so easily, can't you? It doesn't bother you? Killing those people?
James Bond: Well, I wouldn't be very good at my job if it did.
Le Chiffre: You changed your shirt, Mr Bond. I hope our little game isn't causing you to perspire.
James Bond: A little. But I won't consider myself to be in trouble until I start weeping blood.
James Bond: The job's done and the bitch is dead.
M: You don't trust anyone, do you?
James Bond: No.
M: Then you've learned your lesson.
Vesper Lynd: You're not going to let me in there, are you? You've got your armour back on. That's that.
James Bond: I have no armour left. You've stripped it from me. Whatever is left of me - whatever is left of me - whatever I am - I'm yours.
Vesper Lynd: I'm the money.
James Bond: Every penny of it.
James Bond: The name's Bond... James Bond.
Vesper Lynd: You love me?
James Bond: Enough to travel the world with you until one of us has to take an honest job... which I think is going to have to be you, because I have no idea what an honest job is.
Vesper Lynd: There isn't enough room for me and your ego.
James Bond: I always thought M was a randomly assigned initial, I had no idea it stood for...
M: Utter one more syllable and I'll have you killed.
James Bond: I love you too M.
Le Chiffre: I'm afraid that your friend Mathis... is really... my friend Mathis.
Villiers: He's logged into our secure website, using your name and password.
M: How the hell does he *know* these things?
Felix Leiter: I should have introduced myself, seeing as we're related. Felix Leiter, a brother from Langley.
Felix Leiter: You should have faith. As long as you keep your head about you, I think you have him.
James Bond: Had. Excuse me.
Felix Leiter: You're not buying in?
James Bond: No.
Felix Leiter: Listen, I'm bleeding chips. I'm not going to last much longer. You have a better chance. I'll stake you. I'm saying I'll give you the money to keep going. Just one thing: you pull it off, the CIA bring him in.
James Bond: What about the winnings?
Felix Leiter: Does it look like we need the money?
James Bond: Oh, and the valet ticket.
M: Sometimes we pay so much attention to our enemies, we forget to watch our friends as well.
M: Who the hell do they think they are? I report to the Prime Minister and even he's smart enough not to ask me what we do. Have you ever seen such a bunch of self-righteous, ass-covering prigs? They don't care what we do; they care what we get photographed doing. And how the hell could Bond be so stupid? I give him 00 status and he celebrates by shooting up an embassy. Is the man deranged? And where the hell is he? In the old days if an agent did something that embarrassing he'd have a good sense to defect. Christ, I miss the Cold War.
Villiers: He's in the Bahamas.
M: You woke me to share his holiday plans?
Le Chiffre: I'll get the money. Tell them I'll-I'll get the money.
Mr. White: Money isn't as valuable to our organization as knowing who to trust.
Vesper Lynd: I can't resist waking you. Every time I do, you look at me as if you hadn't seen me in years. Makes me feel reborn.
James Bond: If you had just been born, wouldn't you be naked?
Doctor #1: Stay calm and don't interrupt. Because you'll be dead within two minutes unless you do exactly what I tell you.
James Bond: I'm all ears.
Vesper Lynd: I'm afraid I'm a complicated woman.
James Bond: That is something to be afraid of.
James Bond: I'm sorry I'm not sorry.
Gettler: I'll kill her!
James Bond: Allow me.
Le Chiffre: You know, I never understood all these elaborate tortures. It's the simplest thing... to cause more pain than a man can possibly endure.
Le Chiffre: And of course, it's not only the immediate agony, but the knowledge... that if you do not yield soon enough... there will be little left to identify you as a man.
Le Chiffre: The only question remains: will you yield, in time?
M: I knew it was too early to promote you.
James Bond: Well, I understand 00s have a very short life expectancy... so your mistake will be short-lived.
M: I would ask you if you could remain emotionally detached, but that's not your problem, is it, Bond?
James Bond: No.
James Bond: M doesn't mind you earning a little money on the side, Dryden. She'd just prefer it if it wasn't selling secrets.
Dryden: If the theatrics are supposed to scare me, you have the wrong man, Bond. If M was so sure that I was bent, she'd have sent a 00. Benefits of being section chief, I'd know if anyone had been promoted to 00 status, wouldn't I? Your file shows no kills, and it takes...
James Bond: Two.
Dryden: Shame... we barely got to know each other.
James Bond: I know where you keep your gun. I suppose that's something.
Dryden: True. How did he die?
James Bond: Your contact? Not well.
Dryden: Made you feel it, did he? Well, you needn't worry. The second is...
James Bond: Yes... considerably
James Bond: I have a dinner jacket.
Vesper Lynd: There are dinner jackets and dinner jackets; this is the latter. And I need you looking like a man who belongs at that table.
James Bond: How?... It's tailored.
Vesper Lynd: I sized you up the moment we met.
Solange: Mmmmm. You like married women... don't you, James?
James Bond: It keeps things simple.
Solange: What is it about bad men? You... my husband. I had so many chances to be happy, so many nice guys. Why can't nice guys be more like you?
James Bond: Because then they'd be bad.
Solange: Mmmmm, yes!... But, so much more interesting.
Le Chiffre: Wow. You've taken good care of your body. Such... a waste.
Mr. White: Hello?
James Bond: Mr. White? We need to talk.
Mr. White: Who is this?
James Bond: The name's Bond. James Bond.
Steven Obanno: Not a word of protest. You should find a new boyfriend.
Vesper Lynd: You know, James, I just want you to know that if all that was left of you was your smile and your little finger, you'd still be more of a man than anyone I've ever met.
James Bond: That's because you know what I can do with my little finger.
Vesper Lynd: I have no idea.
James Bond: But you're aching to find out.
James Bond: Stop touching your ear.
Carter: Sorry?
James Bond: Put your hand down!
Vesper Lynd: Ten million was wired to your account in Montenegro, with the contingency for five more if I deem it a prudent investment. I suppose you've given some thought to the notion that if you lose, our government will have directly financed terrorism.
James Bond: Can I ask you a personal question?
Solange: Now wouldn't seem an appropriate time.
James Bond: Do you want a clean kill or do you want to send a message?
James Bond: I'm Mr. Arlington Beech, professional gambler, and you're Miss Stephanie Broadchest...
Vesper Lynd: I am not!
James Bond: You're going to have to trust me on this.
Vesper Lynd: Oh no I don't.
Mathis: Being dead does not mean one cannot be helpful.
James Bond: Vesper? I do hope you gave your parents hell for that.
Le Chiffre: Weeping blood comes merely from a derangement of the tear duct, my dear General. Nothing sinister.
Le Chiffre: All in. I have two pair and you have a 17.4% chance of making your straight.
Vesper Lynd: This is me in character pissed off because you're losing so damn hard we won't be here past midnight. Oddly enough, my character's feelings mirror my own.
James Bond: Well, I'm gonna need the other five million to buy back in.
Vesper Lynd: I can't do that, James.
James Bond: Look, I made a mistake. I was impatient, maybe I was arrogant, but I can beat him.
Vesper Lynd: I'm sorry.
James Bond: "Sorry?" Sorry! Why don't you try putting that in a sentence, like maybe, "Sorry Le Chiffre's gonna win, continue funding terror and killing innocent people!" That kind of "sorry"?
Vesper Lynd: You lost because of your ego, and that same ego can't take it! That's what this is all about. All you're going to do now is lose more.
James Bond: Well then, you're an idiot.
Vesper Lynd: I'm sorry?
James Bond: I said you're a bloody idiot! Look in my eyes. I can beat this man - you know that.
Vesper Lynd: Get your hand off my arm.
Carter: Looks like our man, burn scars on his face.
James Bond: Hmm. I wonder if bomb-makers are insured for things like that.
Le Chiffre: You are a funny man, Mr. Bond.
M: You've got a bloody cheek!
James Bond: Sorry. I'll shoot the camera first next time.
M: Or yourself. You stormed into an Embassy; you violated the only absolutely inviolate rule of international relations, and why? So you could kill a nobody. We wanted to question him, not to kill him! For God's sake! You're supposed to display some kind of judgement.
James Bond: I did. I thought one less bomb maker in the world would be a good thing.
M: Exactly. One bomb maker. We're trying to figure out how an entire network of terrorist groups is financed and you give us one bomb maker. Hardly the big picture, wouldn't you say?
James Bond: You OK?
Vesper Lynd: Me?
James Bond: Thank you.
Hot Room Doctor: You're welcome. Now get yourself off to a hospital.
James Bond: I will do. As soon as I've won this game.
Vesper Lynd: You're not seriously going back there?
James Bond: I wouldn't dream of it.
Steven Obanno: Do you believe in God, Mr. Le Chiffre?
Le Chiffre: No. I believe in a reasonable rate of return.
Alex Dimitrios: I'm having a hard time seeing how this is my fault. It's your plan. All I did was get you the man.
Le Chiffre: A man who was under surveillance by the British Secret Service. Which makes me wonder if I can trust you at all.
Alex Dimitrios: Then don't. I couldn't care less. But I do care about my reputation. I have someone else willing to do the job. He just needs the particulars, and payment.
Mathis: I hate to say it, but, the accountants seem to be running MI6 these days. Oh, not that I have anything against accountants. Many of them are lovely people. So, I decided that it was cheaper to supply his deputy with evidence that we were bribing Le Chiffre. Its amazing what you can do with photoshop, these days, isn't it.
M: Arrogance and self-awareness seldom go hand in hand.
M: Who's he looking at?
Villiers: Alex Dimitrios.
M: That slimy bugger.
James Bond: What makes your husband a bad man?
Solange: His nature, I suppose.
James Bond: The nature of his work?
Solange: The mystery, I'm afraid. I'm also afraid you will sleep with me in order to get to him.
James Bond: How afraid?
Solange: Oh, not enough to stop.
Solange: Apparently, he's on the last flight to Miami. So, you have all night to question me.
James Bond: In that case, we're gonna need - some more champagne.
James Bond: Good evening. Can I get a bottle of chilled Bollinger Grande Année and the Beluga caviar?
M: When they analyzed the stock market after 9/11, the CIA discovered a massive shorting of airline stocks. When the stocks hit bottom on 9/12, somebody made a fortune. The same thing happened this morning with SkyFleet stock, or was supposed to. With their prototype destroyed, the company would be near bankruptcy. Instead, somebody lost over $100 million betting the wrong way.
James Bond: So you want me to be half-monk, half-hitman.
M: Any thug can kill. I need you to take your ego out of the equation.
Le Chiffre: Give our guests five minutes to leave... or throw them overboard.
James Bond: It was worth it to discover his "tell".
Mathis: What'd you mean "tell"?
James Bond: The twitch he has to hide when he bluffs.
Vesper Lynd: Bluffs? He had the best hand.
James Bond: He won the hand with the river card. The odds against are twenty-three to one, and he'd know that. When he made his first raise, he had nothing. Winning was blind luck.
M: Which would explain how he could set up a high stakes poker game at Casino Royale in Montenegro: ten players, ten million dollar buy in, five million dollar rebuy, winner takes all, potentially a hundred and fifty million dollars.
James Bond: Could you do me a favor? I was here for dinner last night and I parked my car next to a very beautiful 1964 Aston Martin - and I'm ashamed to say I nicked the door. You wouldn't happen to know...
Ocean Club Receptionist: Mr. Dimitrios.
James Bond: Right.
Ocean Club Receptionist: If he hasn't noticed, I'm not sure I'd mention it. He isn't the type to take bad news well.
James Bond: Can I give you a lift home?
Solange: That would really send him over the edge. I'm afraid I'm not that corrupt.
James Bond: Well, perhaps you're just out of practice.
M: We can't let him win this game. If he loses, he'll have nowhere to run - we'll give him sanctuary in return for everything he knows. I'm putting you in the game: replacing someone who's playing for the syndicate. According to Villiers, you're the best player in the service. Trust me, I wish it wasn't the case.
James Bond: You can stop pretending. You knew I wouldn't let this drop, didn't you?
M: Well, I knew you were you.
Vesper Lynd: So you're telling me its a matter of probability and chance. I was worried there wasn't chance involved.
James Bond: Well, usually the player with the best hand wins.
Vesper Lynd: So, that would be what you call bluffing.
James Bond: You've heard the term. Then you also know in poker you never play your hand. You play the man across from you.
Vesper Lynd: And you're good at reading people?
James Bond: Yes, I am. Which is why I've been able to detect an undercurrent of sarcasm in your voice.
James Bond: You want to do what to me?
Vesper Lynd: You've lost me, completely.
James Bond: You said you can't wait to get me back to the room, come on.
M: She knew you were you.
M: I have to know I can trust you and that you know who to trust. And since I don't know that, I need you out of my sight.
M: Go and stick your head in the sand somewhere and think about your future. Because these bastards want your head - and I'm seriously considering feeding you to them.
James Bond: What about a drink at my place?
Solange: Your place? Is it close?
James Bond: Very.
Solange: One drink.
M: Quite the body count you're stacking up.
M: She was tortured first. As you'd already killed her husband, she must have been the only one left to question. Did she know anything that could compromise you?
James Bond: No.
M: Not your name? What you were after?
James Bond: No.
M: Dimitrios was a middle man for a man named Le Chiffre, a private banker to the world's terrorists. He invested their money and gave them access to it whenever and wherever they wanted it, and he's also a chess prodigy and a mathematical genius and liked to prove it by playing poker.
James Bond: You don't think this is a very good plan, do you?
Vesper Lynd: So there is a plan? I got the impression we were risking millions of dollars and hundreds of lives on a game of luck.
James Bond: Look, if Le Chiffre is that well connected, he knows who I am and where the money's coming from. Which means he's decided to play me anyway. So, he's either desperate or he's overly confident. But, either way, that tells me something about him. And all he gets in return is a name he already has.
Vesper Lynd: And now he knows something about you. He knows you're reckless.
James Bond: You taste nice.
Vesper Lynd: Have we dispensed with the covers?
James Bond: No. We dispensed with one that was of no use and created another that is.
Mathis: How's our girl? Melted your cold heart yet?
James Bond: I figured out what that is. It's an Algerian love knot.
Vesper Lynd: Really? I thought it was just something pretty.
James Bond: Oh, no you didn't. Someone gave that to you. He's a very lucky man.
Vesper Lynd: You think I can't take my own advice?
James Bond: I think something is driving you - and I think I'll never find out what that is.
Vesper Lynd: You can have me - anywhere.
James Bond: I can?
Vesper Lynd: Yeah. Here. There. Anyway you like.
James Bond: Does this mean that you're... warming to me?
Vesper Lynd: Yeah. That's how I would describe it.
James Bond: It's just that not so long ago, I would have described your feelings towards me as, eh, I'm trying to think of a better word than - loathing.
Vesper Lynd: I'm afraid I'm a complicated woman.
James Bond: There is something to be afraid of.     