
Jack Twist: I wish I knew how to quit you.
Ennis Del Mar: Jack, I swear...
Jack Twist: Tell you what... the truth is... sometimes I miss you so much I can hardly stand it.
Ennis Del Mar: I'm gonna tell you this one time, Jack fuckin' Twist, an' I ain't foolin'. What I don't know - all them things that I don't know - could get you killed if I come to know them. I ain't jokin'.
Jack Twist: Yeah well try this one, and I'll say it just once!
Ennis Del Mar: Go ahead!
Jack Twist: Tell you what, we coulda had a good life together! Fuckin' real good life! Had us a place of our own. But you didn't want it, Ennis! So what we got now is Brokeback Mountain! Everything's built on that! That's all we got, boy, fuckin' all. So I hope you know that, even if you don't never know the rest! You count the damn few times we have been together in nearly twenty years and you measure the short fucking leash you keep me on - and then you ask me about Mexico and tell me you'll kill me for needing somethin' I don't hardly never get. You have no idea how bad it gets! I'm not you... I can't make it on a coupla high-altitude fucks once or twice a year! You are too much for me Ennis, you sonofawhoreson bitch! I wish I knew how to quit you.
Ennis Del Mar: Well, why don't you? Why don't you just let me be? It's because of you Jack, that I'm like this! I'm nothin'... I'm nowhere... Get the fuck off me! I can't stand being like this no more, Jack.
Ennis Del Mar: C'mon now, you're sleepin' on your feet like a horse. My mama used to say that to me when I was little. And sing to me...
Jack Twist: Friend, that's more words than you've spoke in the past two weeks.
Ennis Del Mar: Hell, that's the most I've spoke in a year.
Ennis Del Mar: Jack fuckin' Twist.
Ennis Del Mar: We can get together... once in a while, way the hell out in the middle of nowhere, but...
Jack Twist: Once in a while? Every four fuckin' years?
Ennis Del Mar: If you can't fix it, Jack, you gotta stand it.
Jack Twist: For how long?
Ennis Del Mar: For as long as we can ride it. There ain't no reins on this one.
Jack Twist: There ain't never enough time, never enough...
Jack Twist: Ya know it could be like this, just like this always.
Jack Twist: Brokeback got us good, don't it?
Jack Twist: You know friend, this is a god damn bitch of an unsatisfactory situation.
Cassie Cartwright: I don't get you, Ennis del Mar.
Ennis del Mar: I'm sorry.
Ennis del Mar: Was probably no fun anyway, was I?
Cassie Cartwright: Ennis, girls don't fall in love with fun!
Jack Twist: Anything interesting up there in heaven?
Ennis Del Mar: I was just sending up a prayer of thanks.
Jack Twist: For what?
Ennis Del Mar: For you forgettin' to bring that harmonica. I'm enjoyin' the peace and quiet.
Alma Beers Del Mar: Don't try and fool me no more, Ennis; I know what that means! Jack Twist.
Ennis Del Mar: Come on, Alma.
Alma Beers Del Mar: Jack Nasty! You didn't go up there to fish!
Jack Twist: No more beans.
Ennis Del Mar: Bottom line is... we're around each other an'... this thing, it grabs hold of us again... at the wrong place... at the wrong time... and we're dead.
Lureen Newsome: He always said he wanted his ashes scattered on Brokeback Mountain, but I wasn't sure where that was. I thought Brokeback Mountain might be around where he grew up. Knowing Jack, it was probably some pretend place, where bluebirds sing and there's a whiskey spring...
Ennis Del Mar: This is a one-shot thing we got goin' on here.
Jack Twist: It's nobody's business but ours.
Ennis Del Mar: You know I ain't queer.
Jack Twist: Me neither.
Joe Aguirre: You boys sure found a way to make the time pass up there. Twist, you guys wasn't gettin' paid to leave the dogs babysittin' the sheep while you stem the rose.
Alma Beers Del Mar: You know, your friend could come inside, have a cup of coffee...
Ennis Del Mar: He's from Texas.
Alma Beers Del Mar: Texans don't drink coffee?
Jack Twist: Swear I didn't know we were gonna get into this again.
Jack Twist: Hell, yes I did; red-lined it all the way, couldn't get here fast enough.
Ennis Del Mar: I tell ya there... there were these two old guys ranched up together, down home. Earl and Rich. And they was the joke of town, even though they were pretty tough ol' birds. Anyway they... they found Earl dead in an irrigation ditch. Took a tire iron to 'im. Spurred him up, drug him 'round by his dick 'till it pulled off.
Jack Twist: You seen this?
Ennis Del Mar: I wasn't... nine years old. My daddy, he made sure me and brother seen it. Hell for all I know, he done the job.
Jack Twist: Now you sit down, you old son of a bitch!
Jack Twist: This is my house, this is my child, and you are my guest. And you sit down before I knock your ignorant ass into next week!
Ennis Del Mar: Tent don't look right.
Jack Twist: Well, it ain't goin' nowhere. Let it be.
Ennis Del Mar: That harmonica don't sound quite right either.
Jack Twist: That's 'cause it got kinda flattened when that mare threw me.
Ennis Del Mar: Oh yeah? Thought you said that mare couldn't throw you.
Jack Twist: Well... she got lucky.
Ennis Del Mar: Yeah? Well, if I'd got lucky that harmonica would have broken in two.
Ennis Del Mar: You ever get the feelin'... I don't know, er... when you're in town and... someone looks at you... suspicious, like he knows? And then you go out on the pavement and everyone's looking at you like they all know too?
Jack Twist: Well, maybe you oughta get out of there, you know? Find yourself someplace different, maybe Texas.
Ennis Del Mar: Texas? Sure, maybe you can convince Alma to let you and Lureen adopt the girls! And we can just live together herdin' sheep. And it'll rain money from LD Newsome and... and whiskey will flow in the streams - Jack, that's real smart. Real smart.
Jack Twist: Go to hell, Ennis Del Mar. You wanna live your miserable fuckin' life, then go right ahead.
Ennis Del Mar: Fine.
Jack Twist: I was just thinkin' out loud.
Ennis Del Mar: Yep, you're a real thinker there. Goddamn. Jack fuckin' Twist; got it all figured out, ain't ya?
Jack Twist: My momma, she believes in the Pentecost.
Ennis Del Mar: What exactly is the Pentecost? I mean, my folks, they was Methodists.
Jack Twist: The Pentecost... I don't... I don't know what the Pentecost is. I guess it means the world ends and guys like you and me march off to hell.
Ennis Del Mar: Speak for yourself. You may be a sinner, but I ain't yet had the opportunity.
Jack Twist: You gonna do this again next summer?
Ennis Del Mar: Well, maybe not. Like I said, Alma and me's gettin' married in November, so... I'll try and get something on a ranch, I guess. And you?
Jack Twist: I might go up to my Daddy's place and give him a hand through the Winter. But, I might be back... if the army don't get me.
Ennis Del Mar: Well... I guess I'll see you around, huh?
Jack Twist: Right.
Jack Twist: Why is it always so friggin' cold? We oughta go south where it's warm, you know, we oughta go to Mexico!
Ennis Del Mar: Mexico? Hell Jack, you know me, about all the travelin' I ever done is round a coffee pot lookin' for the handle.
Basque: Thought you didn't eat soup.
Ennis Del Mar: Yeah, well I'm sick of beans.
Basque: Too early in summer to be sick of beans.
Jack Twist: Jack Twist.
Ennis Del Mar: Ennis.
Jack Twist: Your folks just stop at Ennis?
Ennis Del Mar: Del Mar.
Jack Twist: Nice to know you, Ennis del Mar.
Alma Del Mar Jr. - Age 19: Daddy, you need more furniture.
Ennis Del Mar: Yeah, well... if you got nothin', you don't need nothin'.
Jack Twist: You'll like working for Roy Taylor. He's solid.
Randall Malone: Yeah, Roy, he's a good ol' boy. He's got a little cabin down on Lake Kemp. Got a croppie house, little boat. Says I can use it whenever I want.
Randall Malone: We outta go down there some weekend. Drink a little whiskey, fish some, get away. You know?
Alma Jr., Age 13: Daddy, tell about when you rode broncs in the rodeo.
Ennis Del Mar: Short story honey. Only 'bout three seconds I was on that bronc. Next thing I knew, I was flyin' through the air... only I wasn't no angel like you and Jenny here; didn't have no wings. And that's the story of my saddle bronc career.
Alma Beers Del Mar: As far behind as we are on the bills, it makes me nervous not to use any sort of precaution.
Ennis Del Mar: If you don't want no more o' my kids, I'll be happy to just leave you alone.
Alma Beers Del Mar: I'd have 'em if you'd support 'em.
John Twist: Jack used to say, "Ennis Del Mar," he used to say; "I'm gonna bring him up here one of these days, and we'll lick this damn ranch into shape. Had some half-baked notion the two of you was gonna move up here. Build a cabin, help run the place.
John Twist: Then this spring, he got another fella gonna come up here with him. Build a place, help run the ranch. Some ranch neighbor o' his down in Texas. Was gonna split up with his wife and come back here. But like most of Jack's ideas... never did come to pass.
Biker #1: Whoooeee! Look at this crowd. Bound to be a lot of pussy on the hoof in a crowd like this.
Biker #2: All swelled up with patriotic feeling and ready to be humped like a frog.
Biker #1: So where you figure the most pussy's at - Las Vegas or California?
Biker #2: Hell, I don't know. But if you make it between Wyoming and Montana, I'd pick Wyoming in a minute.
Ennis Del Mar: Hey, you might wanna keep it down. I got two little girls here.
Biker #1: Fuck you! Asshole.
Biker #1: Probably quit givin' it to his wife after his kids was born. You know what that's like?
Alma Beers Del Mar: Ennis, let's move. Let's just move, okay?
Ennis Del Mar: Now, I don't want no trouble from you. You need to shut your slop-bucket mouths, you hear me?
Biker #2: You oughta listen to your old lady, then.
Ennis Del Mar: Is that right?
Biker #1: Yeah. Move somewhere else.
Ennis Del Mar: How about it? You wanna lose about half your fuckin' teeth? Huh?
Biker #2: Not tonight, bud. I'd sure rather not.
Lureen Newsome: New model comin' in this week, remember? You're the best combine salesman we got.
Lureen Newsome: You're the only combine salesman, in fact...
Jack Twist: As for our marriage, we can do it over the phone.
Jack Twist: You know what, friend? This is a goddamn bitch of an unsatisfactory situation. You used to come down so easy, now it's like seein' the Pope.
Ennis Del Mar: Jack, I gotta work. I mean in them earlier days I just quit the job. You forget what it's like being broke all the time. You ever hear of child support? I'll tell you this, I can't quit this one, and I can't get the time off. It's hard enough getting this one. The trade off is August. You got a better idea?
Jack Twist: I did once.
Ennis Del Mar: You did once. You ever been to Mexico, Jack Twist? Because I heard what they got in Mexico for boys like you.
Jack Twist: Hell yeah, I've been to Mexico, is that a fuckin' problem?
Lureen Newsome: You don't think I'm too fast, do you? Maybe we should put the brakes on?
Jack Twist: Fast or slow, I just like the direction you're goin'.
Lureen Newsome: Mm...
Jack Twist: You are in a hurry.
Lureen Newsome: My daddy's the hurry. Expects me home with the car by midnight.
Jack Twist: Shit.
Lureen Newsome: What you waitin' for, cowboy? A matin' call?
Jack Twist: I got a boy. Eight months old. Smiles a lot.
Ennis Del Mar: Is Alma here?
Monroe: Uh, yeah, she's in the condiments aisle.
Ennis Del Mar: The what?
Monroe: Uh - ketchup.
Ennis Del Mar: Thanks.
Ennis Del Mar: Supposed to guard the sheep, not eat 'em.
Farmer #1: Say... didn't that piss ant use to ride the bulls?
Farmer #2: He used to try.
Jolly Minister: You may kiss the bride - and if you don't, I will.
Jack Twist: Ever notice how a woman'll powder her nose before a party starts, and the powder it again when the party's over? Why powder your nose just to go home to bed?
Randall Malone: Don't know. Even if I wanted to know, couldn't get a word in with Lashawn long enough to ask. Woman talks a blue streak.
John Twist: Tell you what. We got us a family plot. He's goin' in it.
Cassie Cartwright: Just finished my shift. Wanna dance?
Ennis Del Mar: I was just on my way to the...
Cassie Cartwright: I'm Cassie; Cassie Cartwright.
Ennis Del Mar: Ennis.
Ennis Del Mar: Del Mar.
Ennis Del Mar: No more dancin' for me, I hope.
Cassie Cartwright: You're off the hook; my feet hurt.
Ennis Del Mar: Hard work is it?
Cassie Cartwright: Drunks like you, demandin' beer after beer. Smokin'. Gets tiresome.
Cassie Cartwright: So... What do you do Ennis Del Mar?
Ennis Del Mar: Earlier today I was castrating calves.
Cassie Cartwright: Ugh.
Ennis Del Mar: What are you doing?
Cassie Cartwright: Tryin' to get a foot rub, dummy.
Ennis Del Mar: All right.
Ennis Del Mar: That good?
Cassie Cartwright: You don't say much but you get your point across.
Jack Twist: Do I look like I can afford a fuckin' ropin' horse?
Ennis Del Mar: What are ya doin'?
Jack Twist: Aguirre came by again. Said my uncle didn't die after all. Says bring 'em down.
Ennis Del Mar: Bring 'em down? Why? It's the middle of August.
Jack Twist: Says there's a storm moving in from the Pacific, worse than this one.
Ennis Del Mar: Well that snow barely stuck an hour. Huh? 'Sides, that son-of-a-bitch, he's cheatin' us outta a whole month's pay. That ain't right.
Jack Twist: I can spare ya a loan bud, if you're short on cash. Give it to ya when we get to Signal.
Ennis Del Mar: I don't need your money, huh, you know I ain't in the poorhouse. Shit!
Jack Twist: November? What the hell happened to August?
LaShawn Malone: He wouldn't listen to me if he knew he was goin' deaf tomorrow.     