
Rachel Dawes: Wait! You could die. At least tell me your name.
Bruce Wayne: ...It's not who I am underneath... but what I *do*... that defines me.
Rachel Dawes: ...Bruce?
Alfred Pennyworth: Took quite a fall, didn't we, Master Bruce?
Thomas Wayne: And why do we fall, Bruce? So we can learn to pick ourselves up.
Bruce Wayne: What have I done, Alfred? Everything my family... my father built...
Alfred Pennyworth: The Wayne legacy is more than bricks and mortar, sir.
Bruce Wayne: I wanted to save Gotham. I failed.
Alfred Pennyworth: Why do we fall sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.
Bruce Wayne: You still haven't given up on me?
Alfred Pennyworth: Never.
Batman: Nice.
Jim Gordon: I couldn't find any mob bosses.
Batman: Well, Sergeant?
Jim Gordon: Oh, it's Lieutenant now. You really started something. Bent cops running scared, hope on the streets.
Batman: But?
Jim Gordon: We still haven't picked up Crane or half the inmates of Arkham that he freed.
Batman: We will. We *can* bring Gotham back.
Jim Gordon: What about escalation?
Batman: Escalation?
Jim Gordon: We start carrying semi-automatics, they buy automatics. We start wearing Kevlar, they buy armor piercing rounds.
Batman: And?
Jim Gordon: And, you're wearing a mask. Jumping off rooftops. Now, take this guy.
Jim Gordon: Armed robbery, double homicide, has a taste for the theatrical, like you. Leaves a calling card.
Batman: I'll look into it.
Jim Gordon: I never said thank you.
Batman: And you'll never have to.
Rachel Dawes: Deep down you may still be that same great kid you used to be. But it's not who you are underneath, it's what you do that defines you.
Henri Ducard: But I know the rage that drives you. That impossible anger strangling the grief, until the memory of your loved one is just... poison in your veins. And one day, you catch yourself wishing the person you loved had never existed, so you would be spared your pain.
Bruce Wayne: You're vigilantes.
Henri Ducard: No, no, no. A vigilante is just a man lost in the scramble for his own gratification. He can be destroyed, or locked up. But if you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can't stop you, then you become something else entirely.
Bruce Wayne: Which is?
Henri Ducard: Legend, Mr. Wayne.
Henri Ducard: But a criminal is not complicated. What you really fear is inside yourself. You fear your own power. You fear your anger, the drive to do great or terrible things.
Alfred Pennyworth: What is the point of all those push-ups if you can't even lift a bloody log?
Henri Ducard: Your compassion is a weakness your enemies will not share.
Bruce Wayne: That's why it's so important. It separates us from them.
Alfred Pennyworth: Why bats, Master Wayne?
Bruce Wayne: Bats frighten me. It's time my enemies shared my dread.
Alfred Pennyworth: Are you coming back to Gotham for long, sir?
Bruce Wayne: As long as it takes. I'm gonna show the people of Gotham their city doesn't belong to the criminals and the corrupt.
Alfred Pennyworth: In the depression, your father nearly bankrupted Wayne Enterprises combating poverty. He believed that his example could inspire the wealthy of Gotham to save their city.
Bruce Wayne: Did it?
Alfred Pennyworth: In a way. Their murder shocked the wealthy and the powerful into action.
Bruce Wayne: People need dramatic examples to shake them out of apathy and I can't do that as Bruce Wayne. As a man, I'm flesh and blood, I can be ignored, I can be destroyed; but as a symbol... as a symbol I can be incorruptible, I can be everlasting.
Alfred Pennyworth: What symbol?
Bruce Wayne: Something elemental, something terrifying.
Alfred Pennyworth: I assume that as you're taking on the underworld, this symbol is a persona to protect those you care about from reprisals.
Bruce Wayne: You're thinking about Rachel?
Alfred Pennyworth: Actually, sir, I was thinking of myself.
Carmine Falcone: You're taller than you look in the tabloids, Mr. Wayne.
Carmine Falcone: No gun? I'm insulted! You could have just sent a thank-you note.
Bruce Wayne: I didn't come here to thank you. I came here to show you that not everyone in Gotham's afraid of you.
Carmine Falcone: Only those who know me, kid. Look around you: you'll see two councilmen, a union official, a couple off-duty cops, and a judge.
Carmine Falcone: Now, I wouldn't have a second's hesitation of blowing your head off right here and right now in front of 'em. Now, that's power you can't buy! That's the power of fear.
Bruce Wayne: I'm not afraid of you.
Carmine Falcone: Because you think you got nothing to lose. But you haven't thought it through. You haven't thought about your lady-friend down at the D.A.'s office. You haven't thought about your old butler. Bang!
Carmine Falcone: People from your world have so *much* to lose. Now, you think because your mommy and your daddy got shot, you know about the ugly side of life, but you don't. You've never tasted desperate. You're, uh, you're Bruce Wayne, the Prince of Gotham; you'd have to go a thousand miles to meet someone who didn't know your name. So, don't-don't come down here with your anger, trying to prove something to yourself. This is a world you'll never understand. And you always fear what you don't understand. Alright.
Carmine Falcone: Yeah, you got spirit, kid. I'll give you that. More than your old man, anyway. In the joint, Chill told me, uh, told me about the night he killed your parents. He said your father begged for mercy. Begged. Like a dog.
Ra's al Ghul: When a forest grows too wild, a purging fire is inevitable and natural.
Enormous Prisoner: You are in hell, little man!
Enormous Prisoner: And I am the devil!
Bruce Wayne: You're not the devil. You're practice.
Valet: Nice car.
Bruce Wayne: You should see my other one.
Henri Ducard: Your parents' death was not your fault.
Henri Ducard: It was your father's.
Henri Ducard: Anger does not change the fact that your father failed to act.
Bruce Wayne: The man had a gun!
Henri Ducard: Would that stop you?
Bruce Wayne: I've had training!
Henri Ducard: The training is nothing! The will is everything!
Henri Ducard: The will to act.
Jim Gordon: I never said thank you.
Batman: And you'll never have to.
Henri Ducard: You traveled the world... Now you must journey inwards... to what you really fear... it's inside you... there is no turning back. Your parents' death was not your fault. Your training is nothing. The will is everything. If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, you become something else entirely. Are you ready to begin?
Henri Ducard: You must become more than just a man in the mind of your opponent.
Bruce Wayne: Well, a guy who dresses up like a bat clearly has issues.
Lucius Fox: The Tumbler? Oh you wouldn't be interested in that.
Lucius Fox: She was built as a bridging vehicle. During combat, two of these would jump over a river, towing cables. Over here on the throttle, flip that open and throttle up. This will boost you into a rampless jump.
Lucius Fox: Not now! Not... not now, Sir!
The Tumbler: Afterburner disengaged.
Lucius Fox: We never could get the damn bridge to work, but this baby works just fine.
Lucius Fox: So what do you think?
Bruce Wayne: Does it come in black?
Bruce Wayne: Everyone. Everybody.
Bruce Wayne: I, uh... I wanna thank you all for coming here tonight and drinking all of my booze.
Bruce Wayne: No, really. Uh... There's a thing about being a Wayne that... you're never short of a few freeloaders, like yourselves, to fill up your mansion with, so, here's to you people. Thank you.
Fredericks: That's enough, Bruce.
Bruce Wayne: Mm... I'm not finished. To all of you, uh, all you phonies, all of you two-faced friends, you sycophantic suck-ups who smile through your teeth at me, please leave me in peace. Please go. Stop smiling. It's not a joke. Please leave. The party's over. Get out.
Fredericks: The apple has fallen very far from the tree, Mr. Wayne.
Jumpy Thug: WHERE ARE YOU?
Batman: Here.
Bruce Wayne: Bats are nocturnal.
Alfred Pennyworth: Bats may be, but even for billionaire playboys, three o'clock is pushing it. The price of leading a double life, I fear. Your theatrics made an impression.
Bruce Wayne: Theatricality and deception are powerful weapons, Alfred. It's a good start.
Alfred Pennyworth: If those are to be the first of many injuries to come, it would be wise to find a suitable excuse. Polo, for instance.
Bruce Wayne: I'm not learning polo, Alfred.
Alfred Pennyworth: Strange injuries a non-existent social life, these things beg the question as to what exactly does Bruce Wayne do with his time and his money.
Bruce Wayne: And what does someone like me do?
Alfred Pennyworth: Drive sports cars, date movie stars, buy things that are not for sale... who knows, Master Wayne? You start pretending to have fun, you might even have a little by accident.
Henri Ducard: Are you ready to begin?
Bruce Wayne: I-I can barely stand...
Henri Ducard: Death does not wait for you to be ready! Death is not considerate, or fair! And make no mistake: here, you face Death.
Ra's al Ghul: Tomorrow the world will watch in horror as its greatest city destroys itself. The movement back to harmony will be unstoppable this time.
Bruce Wayne: You attacked Gotham before?
Ra's al Ghul: Of course. Over the ages, our weapons have grown more sophisticated. With Gotham, we tried a new one: Economics. But we underestimated certain of Gotham's citizens... such as your parents. Gunned down by one of the very people they were trying to help. Create enough hunger and everyone becomes a criminal. Their deaths galvanized the city into saving itself... and Gotham has limped on ever since. We are back to finish the job. And this time no misguided idealists will get in the way. Like your father, you lack the courage to do all that is necessary. If someone stands in the way of true justice... you simply walk up behind them and stab them in the heart.
Batman: How is she?
Jim Gordon: She's fading. We gotta go. I'll get my car.
Batman: I brought mine.
Jim Gordon: Yours?
Jim Gordon: I've gotta get me one of those.
Bruce Wayne: Bruce Wayne.
Earle: What makes you think *you* can decide who's running Wayne Enterprises?
Bruce Wayne: Well, the fact that I'm the owner.
Earle: What are you talking about? The company went public a week ago.
Bruce Wayne: And I bought most of the shares. Through various charitable foundations, trusts, and so forth - look, it's all a bit technical, but the important thing is that *my* company's future is secure.
Bruce Wayne: Right, Mister Fox?
Lucius Fox: Right you are, Mister Wayne.
Lucius Fox: Didn't you get the memo?
Uniformed Policeman #1: He is in a vehicle!
Dispatcher: Make and color?
Uniformed Policeman #1: It's a... black...?
Uniformed Policeman #1: ...tank!
Bruce Wayne: Tear resistant?
Lucius Fox: This sucker will stop a knife.
Bruce Wayne: Bulletproof?
Lucius Fox: Anything but a straight shot.
Bruce Wayne: Why didn't they put it into production?
Lucius Fox: Bean counters didn't think a soldier's life was worth 300 grand. So, what's your interest in it, Mr. Wayne?
Bruce Wayne: I wanna borrow it. For, uh, spelunking.
Lucius Fox: Spelunking?
Bruce Wayne: Yeah, you know, cave diving.
Lucius Fox: You expecting to run into much gunfire in these caves?
Bruce Wayne: Look, I'd rather Mr. Earle didn't know about me borrowing...
Lucius Fox: Mr. Wayne, the way I see it, all this stuff is yours anyway.
Henri Ducard: When you lived among the criminals, did you start to pity them?
Bruce Wayne: The first time I stole so that I wouldn't starve, yes. I lost many assumptions about the simple nature of right and wrong. And when I traveled, I learned the fear before a crime and the thrill of success. But I never became one of them.
Ra's al Ghul: Have you finally learned to do what is necessary?
Bruce Wayne: I won't kill you.
Bruce Wayne: ... But I don't have to save you.
Bruce Wayne: I'm sorry I didn't tell you, Rachel...
Rachel Dawes: No. No, Bruce, I'm sorry. The day Chill died I... I said terrible things.
Bruce Wayne: But true things. I *was* a coward with a gun. Justice is about more than revenge, so thank you.
Rachel Dawes: I never stopped thinking about you. About us. And when I heard you were back, I... I started to hope.
Rachel Dawes: Then I found out about your mask.
Bruce Wayne: Batman's just a symbol, Rachel.
Rachel Dawes: No, no, *this*... is your mask. Your real face is the one that criminals now fear. The man I loved - the man who vanished - he never came back at all. But maybe he's still out there, somewhere. Maybe some day, when Gotham no longer needs Batman, I'll see him again.
Earle: Jessica, where are you?
Bruce Wayne: Eye on the ball, and...
Earle: Why is no one answering the phone?
Bruce Wayne: It's Wayne Enterprises, Mr. Earle, I'm sure they'll call back.
Earle: Bruce? You're supposed to be dead.
Bruce Wayne: Sorry to disappoint.
Bruce Wayne: Have you told anyone I'm coming back?
Alfred Pennyworth: Well, I just couldn't figure the legal ramifications of bringing you back from the dead.
Bruce Wayne: Dead?
Alfred Pennyworth: You've been gone seven years.
Bruce Wayne: You had me declared dead?
Alfred Pennyworth: Well, actually it was Mr. Earle, he's taking the company public. He wanted to liquidate your majority shareholding. Those shares are worth quite a bit of money.
Bruce Wayne: Well, it's a good thing I left everything to you, then.
Alfred Pennyworth: Quite so, sir. And you can borrow the Rolls if you like. Just bring it back with a full tank.
The Scarecrow: Boo!
The Scarecrow: Aw, having trouble?
The Scarecrow: Take a seat. Have a drink.
The Scarecrow: You look like a man who takes himself too seriously.
The Scarecrow: Do you want my opinion? You need to lighten up.
Alfred Pennyworth: Will you be heading back to Princeton after the hearing, sir, or can I persuade you to stay on for a day or two?
Bruce Wayne: I'm not heading back at all.
Alfred Pennyworth: You don't like it there?
Bruce Wayne: I like it fine. They just don't feel the same way.
Alfred Pennyworth: I've prepared the master bedroom.
Bruce Wayne: No. My room will be fine.
Alfred Pennyworth: With all due respect, sir, Wayne Manor is your house.
Bruce Wayne: No, Alfred, it's my father's house.
Alfred Pennyworth: Your father is dead, Master Wayne.
Bruce Wayne: And this place is a mausoleum. If I have my way, I'll pull the damn thing down brick by brick.
Alfred Pennyworth: This house, Master Wayne, has sheltered six generations of your family.
Bruce Wayne: Why do you give a damn, Alfred? It's not your family.
Alfred Pennyworth: I give a damn, because a good man once made me responsible for what was most precious to him in the whole world. Miss Dawes has offered to drive you to the hearing. She probably hopes to talk you out of going.
Bruce Wayne: Should I just bury the past out there with my parents, Alfred?
Alfred Pennyworth: I wouldn't presume to tell you what to do with your past, sir. Just know that there are those of us who care about what you do with your future.
Bruce Wayne: Haven't given up on me yet?
Alfred Pennyworth: Never.
Lucius Fox: It's called memory cloth. Notice anything?
Lucius Fox: Regularly flexible. But put a current through it...
Lucius Fox: Molecules re-align, becomes rigid.
Bruce Wayne: What kind of shapes can you make?
Lucius Fox: Can be tailored to fit any structure based on a rigid skeleton.
Bruce Wayne: Too expensive for the Army?
Lucius Fox: I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd.
Bruce Wayne: Look, Mr. Fox.
Lucius Fox: Yes, sir?
Bruce Wayne: If you're uncomfortable...
Lucius Fox: Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot.
Bruce Wayne: Fair enough.
Alfred Pennyworth: They'll have to be, uh, large orders, uh, to avoid suspicion.
Bruce Wayne: How large?
Alfred Pennyworth: Say, uh, 10,000.
Bruce Wayne: Well, at least we'll have spares.
Batman: Where were the other drugs going?
Flass: I never knew. I don't know. I swear to God...
Batman: Swear to *me*!
Flass: I don't... I don't know. I never knew. Never. They went to some guy for a couple of days before they went to the dealers.
Batman: Why?
Flass: There was something... Something else in the drugs... something hidden.
Batman: What?
Flass: I never went to the drop-off point. It was in the Narrows. Cops only go there when they're in force.
Batman: Do I look like a cop?
Flass: No...!
Alfred Pennyworth: It's a problem with the graphite, sir. The next 10,000 will be up to specifications.
Bruce Wayne: At least they gave us a discount.
Alfred Pennyworth: Quite. In the, uh, meantime, Sir, may I suggest you try to avoid landing on your head?
Rachel Dawes: What will you do?
Bruce Wayne: Rebuild it. Just the way it was, brick for brick.
Alfred Pennyworth: *Just* the way it was, sir?
Bruce Wayne: Yeah. Why?
Alfred Pennyworth: I thought this might be a good opportunity for improving the foundations.
Bruce Wayne: In the south-east corner?
Alfred Pennyworth: Precisely, sir.
Falafel Stand Vendor: Flass, I have kids to feed.
Flass: What, they don't like falafel?
Carmine Falcone: What the hell are you?
Batman: I'm Batman!
Batman: Nice coat.
Homeless Man: Thanks.
Ra's al Ghul: You are just an ordinary man in a cape! That's why you couldn't fight injustice and that's why you can't stop this train!
Batman: Who said anything about stopping it?
Jim Gordon: Yes!
Batman: You never learned to mind your surroundings!
Bruce Wayne: Don't turn around. You're a good cop, one of the few.
Jim Gordon: What do you want?
Bruce Wayne: Carmine Falcone brings in shipments of drugs every week, no one brings him down, why?
Jim Gordon: He's paid up with the right people.
Bruce Wayne: What will it take to bring him down?
Jim Gordon: Leverage on Judge Faden, and a DA brave enough to prosecute.
Bruce Wayne: Rachel Dawes.
Jim Gordon: Who are you?
Bruce Wayne: Watch for my sign.
Jim Gordon: You're just one man?
Bruce Wayne: Now we're two.
Jim Gordon: We?
Bruce Wayne: You're not Ra's al Ghul. I watched him die.
Henri Ducard: But is Ra's al Ghul immortal?
Henri Ducard: Are his methods supernatural?
Bruce Wayne: Or cheap parlor tricks to conceal your true identity, "Ra's"?
Henri Ducard: Surely, a man who spends his nights scrambling over the rooftops of Gotham wouldn't begrudge me dual identities?
Bruce Wayne: I saved your life.
Henri Ducard: I warned you about compassion, Bruce.
Henri Ducard: Always mind your surroundings.
Little Boy: Batman will save us. He'll come. He'll come.
Rachel Dawes: Don't peek.
Little Boy: I told you he'd come.
Bruce Wayne: They told me there was nothing out there, nothing to fear. But the night my parents were murdered I caught a glimpse of something. I've looked for it ever since. I went around the world, searched in all the shadows. And there is something out there in the darkness, something terrifying, something that will not stop until it gets revenge... Me.
Carmine Falcone: Yeah, Doctor Crane, I can't take it anymore. It's all too much. "The walls are closing in." Blah, blah, blah. Couple more days of this food, it'll be true.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: What do you want?
Carmine Falcone: I want to know how you're gonna convince me to keep my mouth shut.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: About what? You don't know anything.
Carmine Falcone: I know you don't want the police to take a closer look at the drugs they seized. And I know about your experiments with the inmates of your nuthouse. See, I don't go into business with a guy without finding out his dirty secrets. And those goons you used - I own the muscle in this town. Now, I've been bringing your stuff in for months, so whatever he's planning, it's big, and I want in.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, I already know what he'll say: that we should kill you.
Carmine Falcone: No, even he can't get me in here. Not in my town.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Would you like to see my mask? I use it in my experiments.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Now, probably not very frightening to a guy like you, but these crazies, they can't stand it.
Carmine Falcone: So when did the nut take over the nuthouse?
The Scarecrow: They scream, and they cry. Much as you're doing now.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, he's not faking, not that one. I'll talk to the judge and see if I can get him moved to the secure wing at Arkham. I can't treat him here.
Rachel Dawes: The DA couldn't understand why Judge Faden insisted on making the hearing public. Falcone paid him off to get Chill out in the open.
Bruce Wayne: Maybe I should be thanking them.
Rachel Dawes: You don't mean that.
Bruce Wayne: What if I do Rachel? My parents deserved justice.
Rachel Dawes: You're not talking about justice. You're talking about revenge.
Bruce Wayne: Sometimes they're the same.
Rachel Dawes: No, they're never the same, Bruce. Justice is about harmony. Revenge is about you making yourself feel better. Which is why we have an impartial system.
Bruce Wayne: Your system is broken.
Rachel Dawes: You care about justice? Look beyond your own pain, Bruce. This city is rotting. People talk about the depression as if its history, and it's not. Things are worse than ever down here. Falcone floods our streets with crime and drugs, preying on the desperate, creating new Joe Chills every day. Falcone not have killed your parents Bruce, but he's destroying everything they stood for.
Rachel Dawes: You wanna thank him for that, here you go. We all know where to find him, but as long as he keeps the bad people rich and the good people scared no one will touch him. Good people like your parents who will stand against injustice, they're gone. What chance does Gotham have when the good people do nothing?
Bruce Wayne: I'm not one of your good people, Rachel.
Rachel Dawes: What do you mean?
Bruce Wayne: All these years I wanted to kill him.
Bruce Wayne: Now I can't.
Rachel Dawes: Your father would be ashamed of you.
Rachel Dawes: Hold it!
Rachel Dawes: That's right. You better run.
Rachel Dawes: Agh!
Bhutanese Prison Guard #1: Solitary!
Bruce Wayne: Why?
Bhutanese Prison Guard #1: For protection!
Bruce Wayne: I don't need protection!
Bhutanese Prison Guard #1: Protection for them!
Henri Ducard: You have learned to bury your guilt with anger. I will teach you to confront it, and to face the truth. You know how to fight six men. We can teach you how to engage six hundred. You know how to disappear. We can teach you to become truly invisible.
Bruce Wayne: Invisible?
Henri Ducard: A Ninja understands that invisibility is a matter of patience... and agility.
Batman: Taste of your own medicine, doctor?
Batman: What was your plan? Crane! Who are you working for?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: ... Ra's. Ra's Al Ghul!
Batman: Ra's Al Ghul is dead. Who are you working for? Crane!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Dr. Crane isn't here right now, but if you'd like to make an appointment...
Batman: Falcone sent them to kill you.
Rachel Dawes: Why?
Batman: You rattled his cage.
Rachel Dawes: What's this?
Batman: Leverage.
Rachel Dawes: For what?
Batman: To get things moving.
Rachel Dawes: Who are you?
Batman: Someone like you. Someone who'll rattle the cages.
Lucius Fox: So, what do you think?
Bruce Wayne: Does it come in black?
Ra's al Ghul: Well, well. You took my advice about theatricality a bit... literally.
Lucius Fox: I analyzed your blood, isolating the receptor compounds and the protein-based catalyst.
Bruce Wayne: Am I meant to understand any of that?
Lucius Fox: Not at all, I just wanted you to know how hard it was. Bottom line, I synthesized an antidote.
Bruce Wayne: Could you make more?
Lucius Fox: You planning on gassing yourself again, Mr Wayne?
Bruce Wayne: Well, you know how it is, Mr Fox. You're out at night, looking for kicks, someone's passing around the weaponized hallucinogens...
Lucius Fox: I'll bring what I have. The antidote should inoculate you for now.
Earle: Fox? I seem to remember firing you.
Lucius Fox: You did. I got another job: Yours.
Earle: On whose authority?
Ra's al Ghul: When a forest grows too wild a purging fire is inevitable and natural. Tomorrow, the world will watch in horror as its greatest city destroys itself. The movement back to harmony will be unstoppable this time.
Bruce Wayne: You've attacked Gotham before?
Ra's al Ghul: Of course. Over the ages our weapons have grown more sophisticated. With Gothan we tried a new one: economics. But we underestimated certain of Gotham's citizens... such as your parents. Gunned down by one of the very people they were trying to help. Create enough hunger and everyone becomes a criminal. Their deaths galvanized the city into saving itself and Gotham has limped on ever since. We are back to finish the job. And this time no misguided idealists will get in the way. Like your father you lack the courage to do all that is necessary. If someone stands in the way of true justice, you simply walk up behind them... and stab them in the heart.
Ra's Al Ghul: You cannot lead these men unless you are prepared to do what is necessary to defeat evil.
Bruce Wayne: And where would I be leading these men?
Ra's Al Ghul: Gotham. As Gotham's favored son you will be ideally placed to strike at the heart of criminality.
Bruce Wayne: How?
Ra's Al Ghul: Gotham's time has come. Like Constantinople or Rome before it the city has become a breeding ground for suffering and injustice. It is beyond saving and must be allowed to die. This is the most important function of the League of Shadows. It is one we've performed for centuries. Gotham... must be destroyed.
Ra's al Ghul: Justice is balance. You burned my house and left me for dead. Consider us even.
Thomas Wayne: The bats again?
Thomas Wayne: You know why they attacked you, don't you? They were afraid of you.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: Afraid of me?
Thomas Wayne: All creatures feel fear.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: Even the scary ones?
Thomas Wayne: Especially the scary ones.
Maitre D: Sir, the pool is for decoration, and your friends do not have swimwear.
Bruce Wayne: Well, they're European.
Maitre D: I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Maitre D: It is not a question of money.
Bruce Wayne: Well, you see, I'm buying this hotel, and uh, setting some new rules about the pool area.
Bruce Wayne: You're gonna destroy millions of lives.
Ra's al Ghul: Only a cynical man would call what these people have "lives," Wayne. Crime, despair... this is not how man was supposed to live. The League of Shadows has been a check against human corruption for thousands of years. We sacked Rome, loaded trade ships with plague rats, burned London to the ground. Every time a civilization reaches the pinnacle of its decadence, we return to restore the balance.
Batman: Hold on.
Rachel Dawes: What are you doing?
Batman: Short cut.
Uniformed Policeman #1: Air one to ground. Block that ramp.
Uniformed Policeman #1: He's got no way off that roof.
Policeman # 2: Turn off your engine! Step away from the car!
Batman: Trust me.
The Tumbler: Weapon system activated.
Policeman # 3: Who is this guy?
Policeman # 4: Where's he going?
Policeman # 3: He's on the roof.
Policeman # 4: What street is he taking?
Policeman # 3: He's not on a street! He's flying on rooftops!
Ra's al Ghul: If someone stands in the way of true justice, you simply walk up behind them and stab them in the heart.
Chinese Police Officer: He refuses to give his name.
Chinese Police Officer: Fool, what the hell do I care what your name is? You're a criminal.
Bruce Wayne: I'm not a criminal!
Chinese Police Officer: Tell that to the guy who owned these.
Bruce Wayne: We need to send these people away now.
Alfred Pennyworth: Those are Bruce Wayne's guests out there, sir. You have a name to maintain.
Bruce Wayne: I don't care about my name.
Alfred Pennyworth: It's not just your name, sir! It's your father's name! And it's all that's left of him. Don't destroy it.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: He's here.
Arkham Thug #1: Who?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: The Batman.
Arkham Thug #1: What do we do?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: What anyone does when a prowler comes around... call the police.
Arkham Thug #1: You want the cops here?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: At this point, they can't stop us. But the Batman has a talent for disruption. Force him outside, the police will take him down. Go.
Arkham Thug #1: What about her?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Ah, she hasn't got long. I gave her a concentrated dose. The mind can only take so much. Now, go!
Crane Thug #2: The things they say about him... can he really fly?
Crane Thug #1: I heard he can disappear.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, we'll find out, won't we?
The Scarecrow: There's nothing to fear but fear itself!
Alfred Pennyworth: When you told me your grand plan for saving Gotham, the only thing that stopped me from calling the men in white coats was when you said that it wasn't about thrill-seeking.
Bruce Wayne: It's not.
Alfred Pennyworth: What would you call *that*?
Bruce Wayne: Damn good television.
Alfred Pennyworth: It's a miracle no one was killed.
Bruce Wayne: Didn't have time to observe the rules of the road, Alfred.
Henri Ducard: What are you doing?
Bruce Wayne: What is necessary, my friend.
Flass: What are you waiting for?
Uniformed Policeman #1: Back-up.
Flass: Back-up?
Uniformed Policeman #1: The Batman's in there. SWAT's on the way, but if you want to go in now, I'll be right behind you, sir.
Flass: SWAT's on the way.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, the work offered by organized crime must have an attraction to the insane.
Rachel Dawes: What chance does Gotham have when the good people do nothing?
Bruce Wayne: They're planning on dosing the entire city with toxin.
Lucius Fox: Water supply won't help you disperse an inhalant...
Bruce Wayne: What?
Lucius Fox: ...Unless you had a microwave emitter capable of vaporizing all the water in the mains. A microwave emitter like the one Wayne Enterprises just misplaced.
Bruce Wayne: "Misplaced?"
Lucius Fox: Earle just fired me for asking too many questions about it.
Bruce Wayne: I need you to go back to Wayne Enterprises right now and start making more of that antidote. I think the police are going to need all they can get their hands on, okay?
Lucius Fox: My security clearance has been revoked.
Bruce Wayne: Oh, that wouldn't stop a man like you now, would it, Mr. Fox?
Lucius Fox: I suppose not.
Homeless Man: For what?
Bruce Wayne: Your jacket.
Homeless Man: Okay.
Homeless Man: Hey, hey, hey, let me have it. It's a nice coat.
Bruce Wayne: Be careful who sees you with that. They're going to come looking for me.
Homeless Man: Who?
Bruce Wayne: Everyone.
Homeless Man: It's-it's a nice coat...
Bruce Wayne: Yield.
Henri Ducard: You haven't beaten me. You've sacrificed sure footing for a killing stroke.
Henri Ducard: Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding.
Jim Gordon: What is that?
Batman: Back-up.
Flass: What the...?
Rachel Dawes - age 8: Finders keepers and *I* found it.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: In *my* garden.
Batman: Storm's coming.
Jim Gordon: The scum is getting jumpy because you stood up to Falcone.
Batman: It's a start. Your partner was at the docks with Falcone.
Jim Gordon: Well, he moonlights as a low-level enforcer.
Batman: They were splitting the shipment in two. Only half went to the dealers.
Jim Gordon: Why? What about the other half?
Batman: Flass knows.
Jim Gordon: He won't talk.
Batman: He'll talk to me.
Jim Gordon: Commissioner Loeb set up a massive task force to catch you. He thinks you're dangerous.
Batman: What do you think?
Jim Gordon: I think you're trying to help...
Jim Gordon: But I've been wrong before.
Soldier: Get in!
Henri Ducard: Are you so desperate to fight criminals that you lock yourself in to take them on one at a time?
Bruce Wayne: Actually, there were uh, seven of them.
Henri Ducard: I counted six, Mr. Wayne.
Bruce Wayne: How do you know my name?
Henri Ducard: The world is too small for someone like Bruce Wayne to disappear, no matter how deep he chooses to sink.
Bruce Wayne: Who are you?
Henri Ducard: My name is merely Ducard, but I speak for Ra's al Ghul, a man greatly feared by the criminal underworld. A man who could offer you a path.
Uniformed Policeman #1: At least tell me what it looks like.
Uniformed Policeman #1: Never mind.
Ra's al Ghul: Familiar. Don't you have anything new?
Batman: How about *this*?
Batman: Taste of your own medicine, Doctor?
Bruce Wayne: Gotham isn't beyond saving.
Alfred Pennyworth: In the Civil War, your great-great grandfather was involved in the Underground Railroad, secretly transporting freed slaves to the North. And I suspect these caverns came in handy.
Batman: Don't turn around. You're a good cop. One of the few.
Rachel Dawes: The day that Chill died, I... I said terrible things.
Bruce Wayne: But true things. I *was* a coward with a gun. Justice is about more than revenge, so, thank you.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: Did you build this train, Dad?
Thomas Wayne: Gotham's been good to our family, but the city's been suffering. People less fortunate than us have been enduring very hard times. So we built a new, cheap, public transportation system to unite the city. And at the center... Wayne Tower.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: Is that where you work?
Thomas Wayne: No, I work at the hospital. I leave the running of our company to much better men.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: Better?
Thomas Wayne: Well... more interested men.
Henri Ducard: Theatricality and deception are powerful agents.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: I am more than aware that you are not intimidated by *me*, Mr. Falcone. But you know who I'm working for, and when he gets here...
Carmine Falcone: He-he's coming to Gotham?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Yes he is. And when he gets here, he's not gonna want to hear that you have endangered our operation just to get your thugs out of a little jail time.
Jim Gordon: Sorry!
Bruce Wayne: You were on the board?
Lucius Fox: When your father ran things, yeah.
Bruce Wayne: You knew my father?
Lucius Fox: Oh, yeah. Helped him build his train. Ah, here we are. Kevlar utility harness. Gas-powered magnetic grapple gun. The three hundred and fifty pound test monofilament. Wonderful project, your dad's train. Routed it right into Wayne Tower along with the water and power utilities. Kind of made Wayne Tower the unofficial centre of Gotham City. Of course, Earle let it go to rot. Here we are. Nomex survival suit for advanced infantry. Kevlar biweave, reinforced joints.
Alfred Pennyworth: I hope you're not a member of the fire brigade.
Blonde Female Reporter: Joe! Hey, Joe! Falcone says, "Hi."
Batman: It ends here.
Ra's al Ghul: For you and the police, maybe. My fight, however, lies with the rest of Gotham. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a city to destroy.
Batman: I can't beat two of your pawns?
Ra's al Ghul: As you wish.
Earle: I'm merging your department with Archives, and I am firing you. Didn't you get the memo?
Bruce Wayne: Good morning. I'm here to see Mr. Earle.
Jessica: Name?
Bruce Wayne: Uh... Bruce Wayne.
Lucius Fox: Well, what is it today? More spelunking?
Bruce Wayne: No. Today it's BASE-jumping.
Lucius Fox: BASE-jumping. That like parachuting?
Bruce Wayne: Kinda. Do you have any light-weight fabrics?
Lucius Fox: You know... I think I have just the thing.
Alfred Pennyworth: Master Wayne, you've been gone a long time.
Bruce Wayne: Yes I have.
Alfred Pennyworth: You look very fashionable. Apart from the mud.
Rachel Dawes: It's okay. No one's gonna hurt you.
The Scarecrow: Of *course* they are!
Rachel Dawes: Crane?
The Scarecrow: No. Scarecrow!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Outside, he was a giant. In here, only the mind can grant you power.
Rachel Dawes: You enjoy the reversal?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: I respect the mind's power over the body. It's why I do what I do.
Pedestrian: Nice ride!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: This is where we make the medicine. Perhaps you should have some. Clear your head.
Batman: Blood. Take. Take poison. Blood poison. Poison. Poisonous.
Alfred Pennyworth: Batman may have made the front page, but Bruce Wayne got pushed to page eight.
Ra's al Ghul: You were my greatest student. It should be you standing by my side, saving the world.
Bruce Wayne: I'll be standing where I belong. Between you and the people of Gotham.
Ra's al Ghul: No one can save Gotham.
Lt. James Gordon: The Narrows is tearing itself to pieces.
Batman: This is just the beginning. If they hit the whole city with toxin, there's nothing to stop Gotham tearing itself apart through mass panic.
Lt. James Gordon: How are they gonna do that?
Batman: They'll be using the train.
Batman: The monorail follows the water mains to the central hub beneath Wayne Tower. If they get their machine into Wayne station, it'll cause a chain reaction that'll vaporize the entire city's water supply.
Lt. James Gordon: Covering Gotham in this poison!
Batman: I'm gonna stop them from loading that train, but I may need your help.
Lt. James Gordon: What do you need?
Batman: Can you drive stick?
Loeb: Gordon... there's nobody left to send in.
Lt. James Gordon: So I'm on my own?
Little Boy: It's you, isn't it? Everyone's been talking about you.
Father: Get in here!
Mother: Don't you yell at him like that!
Little Boy: The other kids won't believe me.
Rachel Dawes: Bruce?
Bruce Wayne: Rachel?
Rachel Dawes: I heard you were back. What are you doing?
Bruce Wayne: Uh, just swimming. Wow, it is good to see you.
Rachel Dawes: You were gone a long time.
Bruce Wayne: I know, how are things?
Rachel Dawes: The same. Job's getting worse.
Bruce Wayne: Can't change the world on your own.
Rachel Dawes: What choice do I have when you're too busy swimming?
Bruce Wayne: Rachel, all- all this, it- it's not me, inside, I am, I am more.
European supermodel: Come on, Bruce.
European supermodel 2: We have some more hotels for you to buy.
Rachel Dawes: Bruce, deep down you may still be that great kid you used to be, but it's not who you are underneath, it's what you *do* that defines you.
Bruce Wayne: Who is he?
Henri Ducard: He was a farmer. Then he tried to take his neighbor's land and became a murderer. Now he is a prisoner.
Bruce Wayne: What'll happen to him?
Henri Ducard: Justice. Crime can not be tolerated. Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding.
Old Asian Prisoner: Did you have dream?
Bruce Wayne: Nightmare.
Old Asian Prisoner: Worse than this?
Bruce Wayne: How are you feeling?
Rachel Dawes: Where are we? Why did you bring me here?
Bruce Wayne: If I hadn't, your mind would now be lost. You were poisoned.
Rachel Dawes: It was... it was Dr. Crane...
Bruce Wayne: Relax, Gordon has Crane.
Rachel Dawes: Is Sergeant Gordon your friend?
Bruce Wayne: I don't have the luxury of friends.
Bruce Wayne: Give it a try!
Alfred Pennyworth: Charming.
Alfred Pennyworth: At least you'll have company.
Henri Ducard: You are stronger than your father.
Bruce Wayne: You didn't know my father.
Henri Ducard: But I know the rage that drives you.
Bruce Wayne: I will go back to Gotham and I will fight men like this, but I will not become an executioner.
Henri Ducard: Bruce, please! For your own sake. There is no turning back.
Homeless Man: Should've tipped better!
Flass: Don't suppose you want a taste? I just keep offering, thinking maybe some day you'll get wise.
Jim Gordon: There's nothing wise in what you do, Flass.
Flass: Well, Jimbo, you don't take the taste... makes us guys nervous.
Jim Gordon: I'm no rat! In a town this bent, who's there to rat to anyway?
Carmine Falcone: Scarecrow. Scarecrow. Scarecrow.
Ra's Al Ghul: Impressive.
Carmine Falcone: Ignorance is bliss, my friend. Don't burden yourself with the secrets of scary people.
Bruce Wayne: What's that?
Lucius Fox: The Tumbler? Oh, you wouldn't be interested in that.
Rachel Dawes: You really think a man who butchers people for the mob doesn't belong in prison?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, I would hardly have testified to that otherwise, would I?
Rachel Dawes: This is the *third* of Carmine Falcone's thugs you've had declared insane and moved into your asylum.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: The work offered by organized crime must have an attraction to the insane.
Rachel Dawes: ... Or the corrupt!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Mr. Finch. I think you should check with Miss Dawes here just what implications your office has authorized her to make. If any.
Jim Gordon: We need reinforcements! TAC teams, SWATs, riot cops!
Loeb: Gordon! Gordon! All the city's riot police are on the island with you.
Jim Gordon: Well, they're completely incapacitated!
Henri Ducard: Your anger gives you great power. But if you let it, it will destroy you. As it almost did me.
Bruce Wayne: What stopped it?
Henri Ducard: Vengeance.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Miss Dawes, this is most irregular. I have nothing further to add to the report I filed with the judge.
Rachel Dawes: I have questions about your report.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Such as?
Rachel Dawes: Isn't it convenient for a 52 year old man who has no history of mental illness to suddenly have a complete psychotic breakdown, just when he's about to be indicted?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, as you can see for yourself, there is nothing "convenient" about his symptoms.
Rachel Dawes: What's "scarecrow"?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Patients suffering delusional episodes often focus their paranoia on an external tormentor. Usually one conforming to Jungian archetypes. In this case, a scarecrow.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Outside, he was a giant. In here, only the mind can grant you power.
Rachel Dawes: You enjoy the reversal?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: I respect the mind's power over the body. It's why I do what I do.
Batman: Watch for my sign.
Rachel Dawes: Bruce, I don't suppose there's any way to convince you not to come.
Bruce Wayne: Someone at this proceeding should stand for my parents.
Rachel Dawes: We all loved your parents, Bruce. What Chill did is unforgivable.
Bruce Wayne: Then why is your boss letting him go?
Rachel Dawes: In prison, he shared a cell with Carmine Falcone, he learned things and he will testify in exchange for early parole.
Bruce Wayne: Rachel, this man killed my parents. I cannot let that pass. And I need you to understand that, please.
Rachel Dawes: Things are worse than ever down here.
Finch: Falcone has half the city bought and paid for. Drop it.
Rachel Dawes: How can you say that?
Finch: Because as much as I care about getting Falcone, I care more about you.
Rachel Dawes: That's sweet... but we've been through all that.
Multiple characters: Don't be afraid, Bruce.
Rachel Dawes: My boss has been missing for two days. Which, in this town, means that I should probably start by looking at the bottom of the river.
Alfred Pennyworth: In the Civil War, your great-great grandfather was involved in the underground railroad, secretly transporting free slaves to the North. And I suspect these caverns came in handy.
Older Gotham Water Board Technician: Evacuate the building! We're right on top of the main hub, and it's gonna blow.
Henri Ducard: And do you still feel responsible for your parents' death?
Bruce Wayne: My anger outweighs my guilt.
Henri Ducard: Come.
Batman: Well, Sergeant...
Jim Gordon: It's Lieutenant now.
Henri Ducard: Men fear most what they cannot see.
Alfred Pennyworth: You look very fashionable. Apart from the mud.
Flass: Word on the street is, you got a beef with somebody in the D.A.'s office.
Carmine Falcone: Is that right?
Flass: And that there's a fat prize waiting for anybody willing to do anything about it.
Carmine Falcone: So, what's your point, Mr. Flass?
Flass: Have you seen the girl? It's a cute little Assistant D.A. Don't you think that's a little bit too much heat to bring down, maybe? Even for this town?
Carmine Falcone: Never underestimate Gotham City. People get mugged coming home from work every day of the week. Sometimes... sometimes things just go bad.
Female Restaurant Guest: I think the Batman deserves a medal.
Earle: And a straight-jacket to pin it on.
Bruce Wayne - age 8: Rachel, let me see! Can I see?
Henri Ducard: You've traveled the world to understand the criminal mind and conquer your fears.
The Scarecrow: Who knows you're here? Who knows?
Rachel Dawes: Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Ra's al Ghul: Gentlemen, time to spread the word. And the word is panic.
Ra's Al Ghul: You will never learn.
Bruce Wayne: I thought the point of solitary confinement was the solitary part.
Henri Ducard: These men have mistaken you for a criminal, Mr. Wayne...
Jim Gordon: This guy did deliver us one of the city's biggest crime lords.
Loeb: No one takes the law into their own hands in my city. Understand?
Rachel Dawes: Crane?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: No, Scarecrow!
Earle: Happy birthday, Bruce.
Bruce Wayne: Mr. Earle. How did the stock offering go?
Earle: Very well. The price soared.
Bruce Wayne: Who was buying?
Earle: A variety of funds and brokerages - it's all a bit technical, but the key thing is, our company's future is secure.
Rachel Dawes: Father would be very proud of you, just like me.
Older Gotham Water Board Technician: The pressure's moving along the mains, blowing all our pipes. And if that pressure reaches us, the water supply right across, the whole city is gonna blow!     