
Tony Stark: There's been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop...
Christine Everheart: I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared, despite the fact that...
Tony Stark: I know that it's confusing. It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a superhero.
Christine Everheart: I never said you were a superhero.
Tony Stark: Didn't?
Christine Everheart: Mmm-mmm.
Tony Stark: Well, good, because that would be outlandish and, uh, fantastic. I'm just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public.
Rhodey: Just stick to the cards, man.
Tony Stark: Yeah, okay.
Tony Stark: The truth is...
Tony Stark: I am Iron Man.
Tony Stark: You got a family?
Yinsen: Yes, and I will see them when I leave here. And you, Stark?
Tony Stark: No.
Yinsen: So you're a man who has everything... and nothing.
Tony Stark: Iron Man. That's kind of catchy. It's got a nice ring to it. I mean it's not technically accurate. The suit's a gold titanium alloy, but it's kind of provocative, the imagery anyway.
Tony Stark: We gotta go. Come on, move with me. We got a plan, and we're going to stick to it.
Yinsen: This was always the plan, Stark...
Tony Stark: Come on, you're going to go see your family. Get up.
Yinsen: My family is dead, Stark... and I'm going to see them now. It's okay, I want this... I want this.
Tony Stark: Thank you for saving me.
Yinsen: Don't waste it... don't waste your life, Stark.
Tony Stark: Day 11, Test 37, Configuration 2.0. For lack of a better option, Dummy is still on fire safety.
Tony Stark: If you douse me again, and I'm not on fire, I'm donating you to a city college. Seriously, we're just gonna start off with 1% thrust capacity. And three... two... one.
Tony Stark: Please don't follow me around with it either because I feel like I'm going to catch on fire spontaneously. Just stand down. If something happens, then come in.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, you know that I would help you with anything, but I cannot help you if you're going to start all this again.
Tony Stark: There is nothing except this. There's no art opening, no charity, nothing to sign. There's the next mission, and nothing else.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Is that so? Well, then I quit.
Tony Stark: You stood by my side all these years while I reaped the benefits of destruction. Now that I'm trying to protect the people I've put in harm's way, you're going to walk out?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You're going to kill yourself, Tony. I'm not going to be a part of it.
Tony Stark: I shouldn't be alive... unless it was for a reason. I'm not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it's right.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What is going on here?
Tony Stark: Let's face it, this is not the worst thing you've caught me doing.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Are those bullet holes?
Tony Stark: Am I making you uncomfortable?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh, no, I always forget to wear deodorant and dance with my boss in a room full of people I work with in a dress with no back.
Tony Stark: Well, you look great, you smell great. But I could fire you if that would take the edge off.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I don't think you could tie your shoes without me.
Tony Stark: I'd make it a week.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: A week, really? What's your social security number?
Tony Stark: Tony Stark: Five...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: "Five?" You're missing just a couple of digits.
Tony Stark: Right, the other eight. Well, I have you for the other eight.
Tony Stark: Evening, JARVIS!
Jarvis: Welcome home, sir...
Nick Fury: "I am Iron Man". You think you're the only superhero in the world? Mr. Stark, you've become part of a bigger universe. You just don't know it yet.
Tony Stark: Who the hell are you?
Nick Fury: Nick Fury. Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Tony Stark: Ah.
Nick Fury: I'm here to talk to you about the Avenger Initiative.
Christine Everheart: Mr. Stark! Christine Everheart, Vanity Fair magazine. Can I ask you a couple of questions?
Hogan: She's cute.
Tony Stark: She's alright.
Tony Stark: Hi!
Christine Everheart: Hi.
Tony Stark: Yeah. Okay, go.
Christine Everheart: You've been called the Da Vinci of our time. What do you say to that?
Tony Stark: Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint.
Christine Everheart: And what do you say to your other nickname, the Merchant of Death?
Tony Stark: That's not bad. Let me guess... Berkeley?
Christine Everheart: Brown, actually.
Tony Stark: Well, Ms. Brown. It's an imperfect world, but it's the only one we got. I guarantee you the day weapons are no longer needed to keep the peace, I'll start making bricks and beams for baby hospitals.
Christine Everheart: Rehearse that much?
Tony Stark: Every night in front of the mirror before bedtime.
Christine Everheart: I can see that.
Tony Stark: I'd like to show you firsthand.
Christine Everheart: All I'm looking for is a straight answer.
Tony Stark: OK, here's a straight answer. My old man had a philosophy: peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy.
Christine Everheart: That's a great line, coming from a guy selling the sticks.
Tony Stark: My father helped defeat Nazis. He worked on the Manhattan Project. A lot of people, including your professors at Brown, would call that being a hero.
Christine Everheart: And a lot of people would also call that war-profiteering.
Tony Stark: Tell me, do you plan to report on the millions we've saved by advancing medical technology or kept from starvation with our intelli-crops? All those breakthroughs, military funding, honey.
Christine Everheart: Have you ever lost an hour of sleep in your life?
Tony Stark: I'm be prepared to lose a few with you.
Tony Stark: They say that the best weapon is the one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once. That's how Dad did it, that's how America does it, and it's worked out pretty well so far. I present to you the newest in Stark Industries' Freedom line. Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain, and I personally guarantee, the bad guys won't even wanna come out of their caves. Ladies and gentlemen, for your consideration... the Jericho.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I have your clothes here; they've been dry cleaned and pressed. And there's a car waiting for you outside that will take you anywhere you'd like to go.
Christine Everheart: You must be the famous Pepper Potts.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Indeed I am.
Christine Everheart: After all these years, Tony still has you picking up the dry cleaning.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I do anything and everything Mr. Stark requires. Including occasionally taking out the trash. Will that be all?
William Ginter Riva: Mr. Stane. Sir, we've explored what you've asked us and it seems as though there's a little hiccup. Actually, um...
Obadiah Stane: A hiccup?
William Ginter Riva: Yes, to power the suit... sir, the technology doesn't actually exist. So it...
Obadiah Stane: Wait, wait, the technology?
Obadiah Stane: William...
Obadiah Stane: Here is the technology. I've asked you to simply make it smaller.
William Ginter Riva: All right, sir, that's what we're trying to do, but... honestly, it's impossible.
Obadiah Stane: Tony Stark was able to build this in a cave! With a box of scraps!
William Ginter Riva: Well, I'm sorry. I'm not Tony Stark.
Tony Stark: What are you trying to get rid of me for? You got plans?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: As a matter of fact, I do.
Tony Stark: I don't like it when you have plans.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I'm allowed to have plans on my birthday.
Tony Stark: It's your birthday?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Yes.
Tony Stark: I knew that. Already?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Yeah, isn't that strange? It's the same day as last year.
Tony Stark: Well, get yourself something nice for me.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I already did.
Tony Stark: Yeah? And?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh, it's very nice... very tasteful. Thank you, Mr. Stark.
Tony Stark: You're welcome, Ms. Potts.
Tony Stark: Okay now, the copper wire - you got it?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Yeah, I've got it.
Tony Stark: Now pull it out, gently, and just make sure you don't touch the s...
Tony Stark: AH! - i-i-i-des!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Sorry, I'm sorry!
Tony Stark: Don't touch the sides, that's what I was trying to tell you before. Now, just gently pull that out, and whatever you do, don't pull out the...
Tony Stark: The magnet at the end of it. See, that was it. You just...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What?
Tony Stark: What I was trying to tell you - no, don't put it back in! Just put it over there, we have to hurry...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What's wrong?
Tony Stark: Oh, nothing, I'm just going into cardiac arrest, because you...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: *What*? I thought you said this was safe!
Tony Stark: ...just yanked it out like a trout!
Tony Stark: I feel like you're driving me to court martial. This is crazy. What did I do? I feel like you're gonna pull over and snuff me. What, you're not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest!
Jimmy: We can talk, sir.
Tony Stark: Oh, I see. So it's personal.
Ramirez: No, you intimidate them.
Tony Stark: Good God, you're a woman! I honestly, I couldn't have called that. I mean, I would apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first.
Ramirez: I'm an airman.
Tony Stark: Well, you have actually excellent bone structure there. I'm kinda having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Don't ever, ever, ever, ask me to do anything like that, ever again!
Tony Stark: I don't have anyone but you.
Rhodey: Oh, my God, you crazy son of a bitch! You owe me a plane, you know that, right?
Tony Stark: Yeah, well, technically he hit me, so...
Tony Stark: Hmmm. Your eyes are red. Tears for your long lost boss?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tears of joy. I hate job hunting.
Tony Stark: Yeah, well, vacation's over.
Tony Stark: Pepper, uh, how big are your hands?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What?
Tony Stark: How big are your hands?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I don't understand why...
Tony Stark: Get down here. I need you.
Yinsen: We met, you know, in a technical conference in Bern.
Tony Stark: I don't remember.
Yinsen: Of course not. If I had been that drunk, I wouldn't have been able to stand, let alone give a lecture on integrated circuits.
Tony Stark: Yeah, I can fly.
Tony Stark: If I were Iron Man, I'd have this girlfriend who knew my true identity. She'd be a wreck. She'd always be worrying I was going to die, yet so proud of the man I've become. She'd be wildly conflicted, which would only make her more crazy about me...
Jarvis: Yes. Shall I render using proposed specifications?
Tony Stark: Thrill me.
Jarvis: The render is complete.
Tony Stark: A little ostentatious, don't you think?
Jarvis: What was I thinking? You're usually so discreet.
Tony Stark: Tell you what. Throw a little hotrod red in there.
Jarvis: Yes, that should help you keep a low profile. The render is complete.
Tony Stark: Hey, I like it. Fabricate it. Paint it.
Jarvis: Commencing automated assembly. Estimated completion time is five hours.
Tony Stark: Don't wait up for me, honey.
Rhodey: That's the coolest thing I've ever seen.
Tony Stark: Not bad, huh?
Tony Stark: Okay, let's do this right. Start mark, half a meter and to the right. Dummy, look alive, you're on standby for fire safety. You, roll it. Activate hand controls... okay, we're gonna start off nice and easy. See if 10% thrust capacity achieves lift. In three... two... one...
Yinsen: He wants you to build the Jericho missile. He has everything you need here, he wants you to begin immediately. After it is completed, he will set you free.
Tony Stark: No, he won't.
Yinsen: No, he won't.
Tony Stark: My turn.
Tony Stark: Hey. Ow,Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah.
Jarvis: It is a tight fit sir.
Tony Stark: Hey, Ah.
Jarvis: Sir the more you struggle the more this is going to hurt
Tony Stark: Be gentle. This is my first time.
Tony Stark: I designed this to come off, so... hey. I really should be able to...
Jarvis: Please, try not to move sir.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Whats going on here?
Tony Stark: Lets face it. This is not the worst thing you've caught me doing.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Are those bullet holes?
Obadiah Stane: How ironic, Tony! Trying to rid the world of weapons, you gave it its best one ever! And now, I'm going to kill you with it!
Jarvis: Test complete. Preparing to power down and begin diagnostics...
Tony Stark: Uh, yeah, tell you what. Do a weather and ATC check, start listening in on ground control.
Jarvis: Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations required before an actual flight is...
Tony Stark: Jarvis... sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.
Agent Phil Coulson: Mr. Stark.
Tony Stark: Yeah?
Agent Phil Coulson: Agent Coulson.
Tony Stark: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, the guy from the...
Agent Phil Coulson: Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.
Tony Stark: Whew! God, you really need a new name for that.
Agent Phil Coulson: Yeah, I hear that a lot.
Tony Stark: This looks important!
Tony Stark: Good boy...
Tony Stark: You're kidding me with the hand up, right?
Jimmy: Is it cool if I take a picture with you?
Tony Stark: Yes, it's very cool.
Tony Stark: I don't want to see this on your myspace page. Please no gang signs.
Tony Stark: No, throw it up. I'm kidding. Yeah, peace. I love peace. I'd be out of a job for peace.
Tony Stark: Time to hit the button!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You told me not to...
Tony Stark: JUST DO IT!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: YOU'LL DIE!
Tony Stark: PUSH IT!
Agent Phil Coulson: I'm Agent Phil Coulson with the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: That's quite a mouthful.
Agent Phil Coulson: I know. We're working on it.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Agent Coulson, I just wanted to say thank you very much for all of your help.
Agent Phil Coulson: That's what we do. You'll be hearing from us.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: From the Strategic Homeland...
Agent Phil Coulson: Just call us S.H.I.E.L.D.
Yinsen: Did you see that? Those are YOUR weapons... in the hands of those murderers! Is this what you want? Is this what you wish the legacy of the great Tony Stark to be?
Tony Stark: I shouldn't do anything. They could kill you, they're gonna kill me, either way, and even if they don't, I'll probably be dead in a week.
Yinsen: Then this is a very important week for you, isn't it?
Obadiah Stane: You had a great idea, Tony, but my suit is more advanced in every way!
Tony Stark: How'd you solve the icing problem?
Obadiah Stane: Icing problem?
Tony Stark: Might want to look into it.
Tony Stark: We have to hurry. Take this, take this...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Okay, okay...
Tony Stark: Now you have to take this wire and attach it to the base plate, there.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Okay... Tony?
Tony Stark: What?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, it's gonna be okay.
Tony Stark: Is it?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: It's gonna be okay. I-I am gonna make this okay.
Tony Stark: Let's hope.
Tony Stark: YAAA-OOOOOW...!
Tony Stark: Was that so hard? That was fun, right?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You're all I have too, you know.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: "Proof that Tony Stark has a heart."
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I thought you said you were done making weapons?
Tony Stark: It isn't. This is a flight stabilizer. It's completely harmless.
Tony Stark: I didn't expect that.
Tony Stark: To Peace.
Tony Stark: I never got to say goodbye to my father. There's questions I would've asked him. I would've asked him how he felt about what his company did, if he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. Or maybe he was every inch of man we remember from the newsreels. I saw young Americans killed by the very weapons I created to defend them and protect them. And I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero-accountability.
Press Reporter #1: Mr. Stark! What happened over there?
Tony Stark: I had my eyes opened. I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You are supposed to be halfway around the world by now.
Tony Stark: How'd she take it?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Like a champ.
Tony Stark: Why are you trying to hustle me out of here?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Your flight was scheduled to leave an hour and a half ago.
Tony Stark: It's funny, I though with it being my plane and all that it would just wait for me.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, I need to speak to you about a couple of things before I get you out...
Tony Stark: I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?
Tony Stark: Where'd you get that dress?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: It was a birthday present... from you, actually.
Tony Stark: I got great taste, don't I? You, uh, wanna dance?
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh, no, thank you.
Tony Stark: All right, come on.
Rhodey: Hello.
Tony Stark: Hi, Rhodey, its me.
Rhodey: It's who?
Tony Stark: Oh, I'm sorry, it is ME. You asked. What your asking about, it's me.
Rhodey: No, you see, this isn't a game. You do not send civilian equipment into my active war zone. You understand that?
Tony Stark: It's not a piece of equipment, I'm in it! Its a suit! It's ME!
Jarvis: Sir, it appears his suit can fly.
Tony Stark: Duly noted. Take me to maximum altitude.
Jarvis: With only 19% power, the odds of reaching that altitude...
Tony Stark: I know the math! Do it!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Will that be all, Mr. Stark?
Tony Stark: Yes, that will be all, Miss. Potts.
Tony Stark: He's all yours.
Yinsen: That doesn't look like the Jericho missile.
Tony Stark: That's because it is a miniaturized arc reactor. I've got a big one powering my factory at home.
Yinsen: What will it generate?
Tony Stark: If my math is right - and it always is - three gigajoules per second.
Yinsen: That could run your heart for fifty lifetimes!
Tony Stark: Yeah... or something big for fifteen minutes.
Blonde Girl: Tony! Remember me?
Tony Stark: Sure don't.
Rhodey: Next time, baby.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What do you want me to do with this?
Tony Stark: That? Destroy it. Incinerate it.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You don't want to keep it?
Tony Stark: Pepper, I've been called many things. Nostalgic is not one of them.
Obadiah Stane: When I ordered the hit on you, I was worried that I was killing the golden goose. But, you see, it was just fate that you survived it, leaving one last golden egg to give. You really think that just because you have an idea, it belongs to you? Your father, he helped give us the atomic bomb. Now what kind of world would it be today if he was as selfish as you?
Tony Stark: What the hell did you do to me?
Yinsen: What I did is to save your life. That is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery. I removed as much shrapnel from your chest as I could, but there are still some pieces left. I've seen plenty of injuries like that. In my village we call those casualties "the walking dead," because they take about a week to reach your heart.
Tony Stark: What's better, winning all that money or not caring about it?
Rhodey: Hey Tony.
Tony Stark: I'm sorry. This is the fun-vee. The hum-drum-vee is back there.
Obadiah Stane: I've never really had a taste for this kind of thing, but I must admit I'm deeply enjoying the suit!
Raza: Compliments of Tony Stark.
Obadiah Stane: If you'd killed him when you were supposed to, you'd still have a face.
Rhodey: Three hours! Three hours you've kept me standing here!
Tony Stark: Waiting on you now.
Obadiah Stane: Shame you had to bring Pepper into this. I would have preferred she live...
Tony Stark: Give me a scotch. I'm starving.
Agent Phil Coulson: This isn't my first rodeo, Mr. Stark.
Rhodey: You need me to do anything else?
Tony Stark: Keep the skies clear.
Obadiah Stane: We're iron mongers, we make weapons.
Tony Stark: I just want you to reach in, and gently lift the wire out.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Is it safe?
Tony Stark: Yeah. It should be fine. It's just like Operation, just don't let it touch the socket.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: What do you mean, Operation?
Tony Stark: It's just a game, never mind. Just gently lift the wire, okay? All right...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: You know, I... uh... I don't think that I'm qualified to do that.
Tony Stark: No, no. You're fine. You are the most capable, qualified, trustworthy person I've ever met, you'll do great. Is it too much to ask? 'Cause I really need your help here.
Christine Everheart: Is this what you call accountability?
Tony Stark: When were these taken?
Christine Everheart: Yesterday.
Tony Stark: I didn't authorize this.
Christine Everheart: Well, your company did.
Tony Stark: Well I'm not my company!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Oh... ah... EWW, there's pus!
Tony Stark: It's not pus. It's an inorganic plasmic discharge. It's from the device, not my body.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: It smells!
Tony Stark: Yeah, it does.
Christine Everheart: Well, Tony Stark!
Tony Stark: Oh, hey.
Christine Everheart: Fancy seeing you here.
Tony Stark: Carrie.
Christine Everheart: Christine.
Tony Stark: That's right.
Christine Everheart: You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight. Can I at least get a reaction from you?
Tony Stark: Panic. I would say panic is my reaction.
Christine Everheart: I was referring to your company's involvement in this latest atrocity.
Tony Stark: Yeah, they just put my name on the invitation, I don't know what to tell you.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, you have to go to the hospital. The doctor has to look at you.
Tony Stark: I don't have to do anything. I've been in captivity for three months. There are two things I want to do. One, I want an American cheeseburger, and the other...
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: That's enough of that.
Tony Stark: It's not what you think. I want you to call for a press conference.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Call for a press conference? What on earth for?
Tony Stark: Hogan, drive. Cheeseburger first, then press conference.
Tony Stark: Okay, this is where I don't want to be.
Rhodey: What the hell is that noise?
Tony Stark: I'm driving with the top down.
Rhodey: Well, I need your help right now.
Tony Stark: Funny how that works, huh?
Rhodey: Yeah. Speaking of funny, we got a weapons depot that was just blown up a few klicks from where you were being held.
Tony Stark: Well, I'd say that's a hot spot. Sounds...
Tony Stark: ...sounds like someone stepped in and did your job for you.
Rhodey: Why do you sound out of breath?
Tony Stark: I'm not. I was just jogging in the canyon.
Rhodey: I thought you were driving.
Tony Stark: Right, I was driving... to the canyon... where I'm gonna jog.
Rhodey: You sure you don't have any tech in that area I should know about?
Tony Stark: Nope.
Rhodey: Good, because I'm looking at something right now and we're about to blow it to kingdom come.
Obadiah Stane: Technology. That's always been your Achilles heel in this part of the world. Don't worry, it'll only last for fifteen minutes.
Obadiah Stane: That's the least of your problems.
Obadiah Stane: Like what? Make baby bottles?
Obadiah Stane: You ripped out my targeting system... Hold still, you little prick!
Pratt: Is it true that you went twelve-for-twelve with the Maxim Girls last year?
Tony Stark: That is an excellent question. Yes and no. March and I had a scheduling conflict but fortunately the Christmas cover was twins.
Tony Stark: Looking great, Hef.
Tony Stark: Why aren't you wearing those pajamas I got you?
Obadiah Stane: Good night, Tony...
Agent Phil Coulson: Looks like you were right, he was building a suit.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I thought it'd be bigger...
Obadiah Stane: For thirty years, I've been holding you up! I built this company up from nothing! Nothing's gonna stand in my way - least of all, *you*!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: I would like a vodka martini, please.
Tony Stark: Okay.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Very dry, with olives, a lot of olives. Like, at least three olives.
Tony Stark: Two vodka martinis, extra dry, extra olives, extra... fast.
Rhodey: As liaison to Stark Industries, I have a unique privilege of serving with a real patriot. He is my friend, and he is my great mentor. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to present this year's Apogee Award to Mr. Tony Stark!
Rhodey: Tony?
Obadiah Stane: Thank you, Colonel. This is beautiful. Thank you all very much. This is wonderful. Well, I'm not Tony Stark.
Obadiah Stane: But if I were Tony, I would tell you how honored I feel, and what a joy it is to receive this very prestigious award. Tony, you know, the best thing about Tony is also the worst thing - he's always working.
Yinsen: Do as I do.
Tony Stark: I got stuck doing a piece for Vanity Fair.
Tony Stark: Whatcha readin'... platypus?
Rhodey: Nothin'.
Tony Stark: Come on sour patch.
Rhodey: I told you I'm not sour...
Tony Stark: ...don't be mad...
Rhodey: ...i'm not mad, i'm indifferent, ok.
Tony Stark: I said I was sorry.
Rhodey: You don't need to apologize to me cause I'm not mad.
Stewardess: Good morning Mr. Stark.
Tony Stark: Hi, I said I was sorry.
Rhodey: ...i'm just indifferent right now.
Stewardess: Hot towel?
Rhodey: You don't respect yourself so I know you don't respect me...
Tony Stark: ...I respect you...
Tony Stark: ...so I'm just your baby sitter. so when you need your diaper changed
Tony Stark: thank you
Tony Stark: let me know and I'll get you a bottle, ok?
Tony Stark: Hey! Heat up the saki will ya? Thanks for reminding me.
Rhodey: I'm not talkin about a... we're not drinking we're working right now.
Rhodey: You are institutionally incapable of being responsible.
Tony Stark: It would be irresponsible NOT to drink. I'm just talking about a night cap here.
Stewardess: Hot saki?
Tony Stark: Yes, 2 please.
Rhodey: No... just... I'm not drinking. I don't want any.
Rhodey: That's what I'm talking about, when I get up in the morning and I'm puttin on my uniform you know what I recognize? I see in the mirror that every person with this uniform on, GOT MY BACK!
Tony Stark: you know, i'm not... i'm not... like you... aren't you just a little distracted right now?
Rhodey: you don't have to be like me, but you can be more and you just don't see it. No I can't be distracted right now!
Obadiah Stane: So that's how he did it...
Raza: Tony Stark has created the ultimate weapon: a masterpiece of death. A man with a dozen of these could rule all of Asia.
Tony Stark: Attitude control is a little sluggish above 15,000 meters, I'm guessing icing is the probable cause.
Jarvis: A very astute observation, sir. Perhaps, if you intend to visit other planets, we should improve the exosystems.
Tony Stark: Connect to the sys. co. Have it reconfigure the shell metals. Use the gold titanium alloy from the seraphim tactical satellite. That should ensure a fuselage integrity while while maintaining power-to-weight ratio. Got it?
Obadiah Stane: I love this suit!
Tony Stark: Put 'em down!
Obadiah Stane: Collateral damage, Tony!
Tony Stark: Sheesh o besh.
Yinsen: Good roll.
Tony Stark: We're gonna let it ride! Give me a hand, will you? Give me a little something-something.
Tony Stark: Okay, you too.
Rhodey: I don't blow on a man's dice.
Tony Stark: Come on, honey bear.
Tony Stark: There it is. Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes rolls! And...
Dealer at Craps Table: Two craps. Line away.
Rhodey: That's what happens.
Tony Stark: Worse things have happened.
Obadiah Stane: Impressive! You've upgraded your armor! I've made some upgrades of my own...
Jarvis: Sir, it appears his suit can fly.
Tony Stark: Duly noted.
Tony Stark: I thought I lost you back there!
Hogan: You did, sir.
Rhodey: The future of air combat... Is it manned, or unmanned? I'll tell you in my experience, no unmanned aerial vehicle will ever trump a pilot's instinct.
Tony Stark: I think you got a lot of my weapons.
Rhodey: Not necessary, people. Just a training exercise.
Tony Stark: Potts.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Tony, are you okay?
Tony Stark: Listen to me. We have to overload the arc reactor and blast the roof.
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Well, how are you going to do that?
Tony Stark: YOU're going to do it! Go to the central console, open up all the circuits. When I get clear, I'll let you know, and then you hit the master bypass button.
Tony Stark: Not bad.
Rhodey: How was the fun-vee? Next time you ride with me, okay?
Tony Stark: How'd it go?
Tony Stark: Oh, that bad, huh?
Obadiah Stane: Just because I brought pizza back from New York doesn't mean it went bad.
Iron Monger: Where do you think you're going?
Iron Monger: Your services are no longer required.
Iron Monger: I love this suit!
Tony Stark: Gimme a gun! Gimme a gun!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: Obadiah, he-he's gone insane!
Tony Stark: I know!
Virginia 'Pepper' Potts: He-he built a suit!
Tony Stark: Listen, you'd better get out of there! Just get out-!
Obadiah Stane: Where do you think you're going?
Tony Stark: Okay, let's see what this thing can do. What's SR-71's record?
Jarvis: The altitude record for fixed wing flight is 85,000 feet, sir.
Tony Stark: Records are made to be broken! Come on!
Obadiah Stane: A new generation of weapons... with this at its heart.
Rhodey: What's with the lovin'?
Raza: The bow and arrow once was the pinnacle of weapons technology. It was used by Genghis Khan to forge an empire that stretched across Asia, from the wintry woods of Ukraine to the Eastern shores of Korea. Now, whoever holds the weapons manufactured by Stark Industries rules the world... and soon, it will be MY turn.
Major Allen: Mark your position and return to base.
Viper 1: Roger that, Ballroom.
Viper 1: On your belly! It looks like a man! Shake him off! Roll! Roll!
Tony Stark: Speaking of manned or unmanned, you gotta get him to tell you about the time he guessed wrong at Spring Break... just remember that. Spring Break, 1987.
Rhodey: Don't do that.
Tony Stark: That lovely lady...
Rhodey: Don't do that.
Tony Stark: ...what was his name?
Rhodey: Don't do that.
Tony Stark: Was it Ivan?
Rhodey: Don't do that. They'll believe you.     