
Pamela Landy: What if I can't find her?
Jason Bourne: It's easy. She's standing right next to you.
Tom Cronin: He's making his first mistake.
Nicky: It's not a mistake. They don't make mistakes. They don't do random. There's always an objective. Always a target.
Pamela Landy: The objectives and targets always came from us. Who's giving them to him now?
Nicky: Scary version? He is.
Pamela Landy: Pamela Landy.
Jason Bourne: I hear you're still looking for me.
Pamela Landy: Bourne?
Jason Bourne: What do you want?
Pamela Landy: I wanted to thank you... for the tape. We got what we needed. It's all tied off. It's over. I guess I owe you an apology.
Jason Bourne: Is that official?
Pamela Landy: No. Off the record. You know how it is.
Jason Bourne: Good-bye.
Pamela Landy: Wait. Wait. David Webb. That's your real name. You were born 4-15-71 in Nixa, Missouri. Why don't you come in and we'll talk about it. Bourne?
Jason Bourne: Get some rest, Pam. You look tired.
Jason Bourne: She wouldn't want me to.
Jason Bourne: That's the only reason you're alive.
Jason Bourne: Ward Abbott: You're in a big puddle of shit, Pamela, and you don't have the shoes for it.
Jason Bourne: You killed Marie.
Ward Abbott: *You* killed Marie. The moment you got into her car. The moment you entered her life, she was dead.
Jarda: Word in the ether was you'd lost your memory.
Jason Bourne: You still should have moved.
Kirill: You told me I had one month off.
Gretkov: You told me Jason Bourne was dead.
Nicky: They know you were there.
Jason Bourne: Stop, stop! A week ago, I was 4,000 miles away, in India, watching Marie die. They came for me, and they killed her instead. This ends now.
Ward Abbott: I don't suppose it would do me much good to cry for help, huh?
Jason Bourne: not much.
Marie: Because sooner or later, you remember something good.
Jason Bourne: I do remember something good. All the time.
Nicky: Jason, please don't hurt me.
Jason Bourne: What were my words? What did I say? I said leave me alone.
Nicky: Jason I know, I told them I believed you.
Jason Bourne: I'm gonna ask you some simple questions. You're gonna tell me the truth or I swear to God I'm gonna kill ya.
John Nevins: Hello?
Pamela Landy: This is Pamela Landy, C.I. supervisor. Where do we stand?
John Nevins: I... I think he got away...
Pamela Landy: Have you locked down the area?
John Nevins: Locked it down? No, no... this is... this is Italy - they don't exactly 'lock down'.
Nicky: Your first assignment was in Geneva...
Jason Bourne: You fucking people!
Nicky: He was trying to sell out a mole or something, but you got to him first.
Jason Bourne: I killed him?
Ward Abbott: I'm a patriot. I served my country.
Pamela Landy: And Danny Zorn? What was he?
Ward Abbott: Unlucky. Collateral damage.
Pamela Landy: So, what do we do now?
Ward Abbott: I'm not sorry.
Conklin: This is not a drill, soldier. We clear on that? This is a live project. You are go. Training is over. Training is over.
Pamela Landy: You wanna go home? Find Jason Bourne.
Pamela Landy: I was hoping you had some time for me.
Ward Abbott: Time for what?
Pamela Landy: I'm free right now, actually.
Ward Abbott: That sounds ominous. Let me check my schedule.
Jason Bourne: We don't have a choice.
Marie: Yes, you do.
Ward Abbott: So, what are we looking at?
Pamela Landy: I want to know about it.
Ward Abbott: Know about it? It was a kill squad. Black on black. We closed it down two years ago. Nobody wants to know about Treadstone. Not around here. So I think you better take this back to Marty and let him know exactly what you're doing.
Pamela Landy: He does. I've been down to the archives. I've have the files Ward. Let's talk about Conklin.
Ward Abbott: What are you after Pam? You want to fry me? You want my desk. Is that it?
Pamela Landy: I want to know what happened.
Ward Abbott: What happened? Jason Bourne happened. You got the files. Then let's cut the crap. Conklin had these guys wound so tight they were bound to snap. Bourne was his number one. The guy went for a job, screwed the op, never came back. Conklin couldn't fix it, couldn't find Bourne, couldn't adjust. It all went sideways.
Pamela Landy: So you had Conklin killed. I mean if we're cutting the crap.
Ward Abbott: I've given 30 years and 2 marriages to this agency. I've shoveled shit on 4 continents. I'm due to retire next year. But if you think I'm going to sit here and let you dangle me with this, you can go to hell. And Marshall too. It had to be done.
Pamela Landy: What?
Ward Abbott: I know how you're feeling. You lost two men in Berlin and you want it to mean something, but nothing Bourne gives you will bring your men back. Nothing in those files makes their sacrifice worthwile. You have to let go. We're professionals, when an operation goes bad, we tie it off.
Pamela Landy: If there's something you're not telling me I want it now before I send that girl out there, do you understand?
Ward Abbott: You talk about this stuff like you read it in a book.     