
Dr. Rosen: Imagine if you suddenly learned that the people, the places, the moments most important to you were not gone, not dead, but worse, had never been. What kind of hell would that be?
Alicia: How big is the universe?
Nash: Infinite.
Alicia: How do you know?
Nash: I know because all the data indicates it's infinite.
Alicia: But it hasn't been proven yet.
Nash: No.
Alicia: You haven't seen it.
Nash: No.
Alicia: How do you know for sure?
Nash: I don't, I just believe it.
Alicia: It's the same with love I guess.
Nash: Perhaps it is good to have a beautiful mind, but an even greater gift is to discover a beautiful heart.
Hansen: So how about it, Nash? You scared?
Nash: Terrified... mortified... petrified... stupefied... by you.
Nash: I've always believed in numbers, in equations, in logic and reason.But after a lifetime of such pursuits: I ask What truly is logic? Who decides reason? My quest has taken me to the physical, the metaphysical, the delusional, and back. I have made the most important discovery of my career - the most important discovery of my life. It is only in the mysterious equations of love that any logic or reasons can be found. I am only here tonight because of you
Nash: Nash: You are the only reason I am. You are all my reasons. Thank you.
Nash: Can you see him?
Student: Yeah.
Nash: Okay. I am always suspicious of new people. Now that I know you're real, who are you, and what can I do for you?
Nash: Classes will dull your mind, destroy the potential for authentic creativity.
Nash: You once said that God must be a painter because he gave us so many colors.
Alicia: I didn't think you were listening...
Nash: I was listening.
Nash: I find you attractive. Your aggressive moves toward me... indicate that you feel the same way. But still, ritual requires that we continue with a number of platonic activities... before we have sex. I am proceeding with these activities, but in point of actual fact, all I really want to do is have intercourse with you as soon as possible.
Nash: Are you gonna slap me now?
Nash: If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no on likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win. It's the only way we all get laid.
Nash: I've gotten used to ignoring them and I think, as a result, they've kind of given up on me. I think that's what it's like with all our dreams and our nightmares, Martin, we've got to keep feeding them for them to stay alive.
Alicia: I need to believe, that something extraordinary is possible.
Nash: Alicia, does our relationship warrant long-term commitment? I need some kind of proof, some kind of verifiable, empirical data.
Alicia: I'm sorry, just give me a moment to redefine my girlish notions of romance.
Charles: Nothing's ever for sure, John. That's the only sure thing I do know.
Nash: This class will be a waste of your - and what is infinitely worse - my time.
Alicia: I once tried to count them all. I, actually, made it to 4,348.
Nash: You are exceptionally odd.
Alicia: I bet you're very popular with the girls.
Nash: I've made the most important discovery of my life. It's only in the mysterious equation of love that any logic or reasons can be found. I'm only here tonight because of you. You are the only reason I am... you are all my reasons.
Alicia: The problem you left on the board, I solved it.
John Nash: No, you didn't.
Alicia: You didn't even look!
John Nash: I never said the vector fields were rational functions... Your solution is elegant, though ultimately incorrect.
Nash: I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream.
Alicia: I was wondering Professor Nash, if I could take you to dinner?
Alicia: You do eat, don't you?
Nash: They are my past. Everyone is haunted by their past.
Nash: There's no point in being nuts if you can't have a little fun.
Nash: Find a truly original idea. It is the only way I will ever distinguish myself. It is the only way I will ever matter.
Nash: She never gets old! Marcee can't be real; she never gets old!
Nash: I don't exactly know what I am required to say in order for you to have intercourse with me. But could we assume that I said all that. I mean essentially we are talking about fluid exchange right? So could we go just straight to the sex.
MIT Student: Can we open up the window, Professor? It's hot in here.
John Nash: Your comfort comes second to my ability to hear my own voice.
Helinger: Mathematicians won the war. Mathematicians broke the Japanese codes... and built the A-bomb. Mathematicians... like you. The stated goal of the Soviets is global Communism. In medicine or economics, in technology or space, battle lines are being drawn. To triumph, we need results. Publishable, applicable results. Now who among you will be the next Morse? The next Einstein? Who among you will be the vanguard of democracy, freedom, and discovery? Today, we bequeath America's future into your able hands. Welcome to Princeton, gentlemen.
Nash: In competitive behavior someone always loses.
Charles: Well, my niece knows that, John, and she's about this high.
Nash: See if I derive an equilibrium where prevalence is a non-singular event where nobody loses, can you imagine the effect that would have on conflict scenarios, arm negotiations...
Charles: When did you last eat?
Nash: ...currency exchange?
Charles: When did you last eat? You know, food.
Nash: You have no respect for cognitive reverie, you know that?
Charles: Yes. But pizza - now, pizza I have enormous respect for. And of course beer.
Nash: I have respect for beer. I have respect for beer!
Dr. Rosen: You can't reason your way out of this!
Nash: Why not? Why can't I?
Dr. Rosen: Because your mind is where the problem is in the first place!
Alicia: God must be a painter. Why else would we have so many colors?
Charles: Her husband was too drunk to know he was too drunk to drive.
Charles: So what's your story? You the poor kid that never got to go to Exeter or Andover?
Nash: Despite my privileged upbringing, I'm actually quite well-balanced. I have a chip on both shoulders.
Parcher: Man is capable of as much atrocity as he has imagination.
Alicia: You want to know what's real? This...
Alicia: ... this is real.
Charles: Listen. If we can't break the ice, how 'bout we drown it?
Alicia: It's called "life," John. Activities available; just add meaning.
General: You ever... just know something, Dr. Nash?
Nash: Constantly.
Charles: That Isaac Newton fellow was right.
Nash: He was on to something.
Charles: Clever boy.
Nash: It looks like you won after all.
Hansen: No. They were wrong, John. No one wins.
John Nash: And then, on the way home, Charles was there again. Sometimes I miss talking to him. Maybe Rosen is right. Maybe I have to think about going back to the hospital.
Alicia Nash: Maybe try again tomorrow.
Nash: Good morning, eager young minds
John Nash: Hello, Martin.
Martin Hansen: Jesus Christ.
John Nash: No. I don't have that one. My savior complex takes a different form.
Nash: Classes will dull your mind.
Nash: This is a group playing touch football. This is a flock of pigeons fighting over bread crumbs. And this is a woman chasing a man who stole her purse.
Charles: John, you watched a mugging. That's weird.
Hansen: Nash. Who's winning - you, or you?
Charles: Mathematics... mathematics is never going to lead you to higher truth and you know why? Because it's boring!
Nash: There has to be a mathematical explanation for how bad that tie is.
Nash: The prodigal roommate revealed. "Saw my name on the lecture slate." YOU LYING SON OF A BITCH!
Dr. Rosen: Who are you talking to? Tell me who you see.
Nash: How do you say "Charles Herman" in Russian?
Alicia: Who are you talking too?
Nash: The Garbageman
Alicia: Garbagemen don't come at night.
Nash: Guess around here, they do.
Bender: Go With God!
Sol: Come back a man!
Bender: Fortune favors the brave!
Nash: Well, Martin Hansen. It is Martin, isn't it?
Hansen: Why yes, John, it is.
Nash: I assume you've gotten quite used to miscalculation. I read your pre-prints. Both of 'em. One on Nazi scientists and the other one on, uh... non-linear equations, and I'm extremely confident that there's not one seminal or innovative idea in either one of them... Enjoy your punch.
Parcher: Conviction, it turns out, is a luxury of those on the sidelines, Mr. Nash.
Charles: When's the last time you ate? You know... food.
Charles: It's not my problem and it's not your problem. It's their problem. Your answers are not on that wall. They're out there, where you've been working.
Charles: Is my roommate a dick?
Nash: She's so small.
Charles: Well, she's young, John. That's how they come.
Hansen: Cowards, all of you. Come on. Whoever wins, Sol does his laundry for the semester.
Sol: Does that seem unfair to anybody?
Bender: No, not at all.
Nash: You wanted to see if I was crazy and would screw everything up if I actually won.
TITLE CARDS: Nash's theories have influenced global trade negotiations national labor relations, and even breakthroughs in evolutionary biology.
TITLE CARDS: John and Alicia Nash live in Princeton, New Jersey. John keeps regular office hours in the Mathematics Department. He still walks to campus every day.
Parcher: McCarthy is an idiot. But unfortunately, that doesn't make him wrong.
Charles: The prodigal roommate arrives.
Alicia: What you don't know... is if I want to marry you.
Bender: What did the doctor say?
Sol: Is he sick?
Alicia: I don't know. I want to see what John's been working on.
Sol: Alicia, you know you can't go in his office.
Bender: You know it's classified, Alicia.
Bender: Stop!
Charles: Officer, I saw the driver who hit me. His name was Johny Walker.
Charles: I arrived last night. Right in time for English Department cocktails. The cock was mine. The tail belonged to a lovely young thing with a passion for D.H. Lawrence.
Dr. Rosen: My name is Rosen, Dr. Rosen. I am a psychiatrist.
Sol: Alicia, John's always been a little... weird.
Nash: I will not buy you gentlemen beer.
Bender: Oh, we're not here for beer, my friend.
Bender: Hey, look, you made the cover of Fortune... again...     