
"Hoot": When I go home people'll ask me, "Hey Hoot, why do you do it man? What, you some kinda war junkie?" You know what I'll say? I won't say a goddamn word. Why? They won't understand. They won't understand why we do it. They won't understand that it's about the men next to you, and that's it. That's all it is.
"Hoot": Y'know what I think? Don't really matter what I think. Once that first bullet goes past your head, politics and all that shit just goes right out the window.
Eversmann: Nobody asks to be a hero, it just sometimes turns out that way.
Garrison: Good luck, boys. Be careful. Nobody gets left behind.
Grimes: Grimes: What's wrong?
Eversmann: Nothing. He's just never done that before.
Grimes: Oh, fuck!
Matthews: What's the matter Danny? Something you don't like?
McKnight: No Spectre gunships, daylight instead of night, late afternoon when they're all fucked up on Khat, only part of the city Aidid can mount a serious counter-attack on short notice...
McKnight: What's not to like?
Harell: Life's imperfect.
McKnight: Yeah, for you two, circling above it at five hundred feet it's imperfect. Down in the street, it's unforgiving.
Shughart: My love, stay strong and you will do well in life. I love you and my children deeply. Today and tomorrow let each day grow and grow. Keep smiling and never give up even when things get you down. So in closing my love, tonight tuck my children in bed warmly. Tell them I love them, then hug them for me and give them both a kiss goodnight for daddy.
Eversmann: Look, these people, they have no jobs, no food, no education, no future. I just figure that we have two things we can do. Help, or we can sit back and watch a country destroy itself on CNN. Right?
Grimes: Why aren't you shooting?
Waddell: We're not being shot at yet.
Grimes: How can you tell?
Waddell: A hiss means it's close. A snap means...
Waddell: Now they're shooting at us!
"Hoot": Once that first bullet goes past your head, politics and all that shit just goes right out the window.
Pilla: Colonel, they're shooting at us! Colonel, they're shooting at us!
McKnight: Well shoot back!
Yurek: What's wrong with him?
Twombly: Oh, he's deaf. My fault.
Pilla: Speak up, you say this is your safety? Well, this is my boot, son, and it will fit up your ass with the proper amount of force!
Steele: Sergeant, what's the meaning of this?
"Hoot": Just a little aerial target practice, sir. Didn't want to leave 'em behind.
Steele: I'm talking about your weapon, soldier. Now Delta or no-Delta, that's still a hot weapon. Your safety should be on at all times.
"Hoot": This is my safety, sir.
Sanderson: Let it alone, sir. He hasn't eaten in a few days.
Garrison: We just lost the initiative.
Steele: Quick word, Specialist.
Dominick Pilla: Sir.
Steele: Tell me, Pilla. You understand why we have a chain of command, don't you?
Dominick Pilla: Roger that, sir.
Steele: 'Cause if I ever see you undermining me again, you'll be cleaning latrines with your tongue 'til you can't taste the difference between shit and french fries. Are we clear?
Dominick Pilla: Hoo-ah, sir.
McKnight: How are things going? Things okay there, Struecker?
Struecker: I don't wanna talk about it now, Colonel. I'm busy!
Thomas: Sergeant Pilla's hit! Christ, he's fucked up!
McKnight: Is anybody hit? Struecker, talk to me!
Struecker: It's Sergeant Pilla!
McKnight: What's his status? What's his status?
"Hoot": He's dead!
Struecker: He's dead. Pilla's dead, sir.
McKnight: C2, this is McKnight, we have a KIA: Dominick Pilla, over.
Harell: Roger that.
Struecker: Get on that fifty! Someone get on that fifty!
"Hoot": It's mine!
"Hoot": See you're thinking. Don't. 'Cause Sergeant, you can't control who gets hit or who doesn't or who falls out of a chopper or why. It ain't up to you. It's just war.
Durant: Where's the rescue squad?
Shughart: We're it.
Atto: You shouldn't have come here. This is a civil war. This is our war, not yours.
General Garrison: 300,000 dead and counting. That's not a war Mr. Atto. That's genocide.
"Hoot": Sergeant, you got your men this far. You did it right today. Now you gotta start thinking about getting them out of here.
Todd Blackburn: Well, I'm here to kick some ass.
Durant: Six-One, this is Six-Four, go to UHF secure. I've got some bad news.
Cliff Wolcott: Limo is a word, Durant. I don't want to hear about it.
Durant: It is not a word. It's an abbreviation of a word.
Cliff Wolcott: Limo is a word in common usage. That is the key phrase in scrabble, my friend, common usage.
Durant: No! If it's not in the dictionary, it doesn't count.
Cliff Wolcott: It doesn't have to be in the dictionary!
Durant: It does have to be in the dictionary! Listen, when we get back to base, it's coming off the board.
Cliff Wolcott: You touch my limo and I'll spank you, Night Stalker. You hear me?
Durant: Yeah. Promises.
Garrison: Is he sure this time?
Harell: He sounds scared shitless.
Garrison: Good. That's always a good sign.
Steele: What's this Sargn't? Another taxpayer-funded Delta safari?
Sanderson: Not if General Garrison's askin'.
Steele: No, I'm askin'.
Sanderson: Have a nice meal, captain.
Eversmann: I was talking to Blackburn the other day, and he asked me "What changed? Why are we going home?" and I said "Nothing." That's not true either; I think everything's changed. I know I've changed.
Eversmann: You know a friend of mine asked me before I got here; it's when we were all shipping out. He asked me "Why are you going to fight somebody else's war? What, do you think you're heroes?" I didn't know what to say at the time, but if he'd ask me again I'd say no. I'd say there's not way in hell. Nobody asks to be a hero.
Eversmann: It just sometimes turns out that way.
General Garrison: If we don't hold down this city we are gonna have 100 caskets to fill by morning.
Yurek: Rangers?
Twombly: Who?
Yurek: It's Yurek! You fucking assholes!
Nelson: Fuck!
Twombly: Dude, we almost fucking killed you! Well, come to us!
Yurek: Fuck you! Come to me!
"Hoot": Nice man, very smooth.
Gordon: Single shot through the engine block.
"Hoot": Shit, that's a shame. That was a nice jeep.
Blackburn: Hey man, there's a line.
"Hoot": I know.
Blackburn: And this isn't the back of it.
"Hoot": Yeah, I know.
Eversmann: What the fuck, Smith?
Smith: Well?
Eversmann: "Well" what?
Smith: We going out?
Eversmann: Why should I tell you?
Smith: Because I'm me!
Struecker: No one gets left behind, you know that.
Smith: I'm sorry.
Eversmann: You have nothing to be sorry about. You saved Twombly, you did it perfect.
Smith: You okay Twombs?
Twombly: Yeah, I'm okay, Jamie.
Eversmann: See, you did what you were trained to do. You should be proud of that, be proud of that.
Smith: Ev?
Eversmann: Yeah.
Smith: Do me a favor, okay? Tell my parents that I fought well today. And tell them that I... that I... that I fought hard.
Eversmann: You're gonna tell them yourself okay, Jamie?
Smith: Are... are the humvees here?
Eversmann: They're coming, Jamie. They're coming. You just gotta hold on for a little longer. Can you do that?
Smith: I can, I can. It's nothing. It's nothing.
Pilot: Mike Durant, we won't leave you behind.
Nelson: How come I gotta stay back here?
Eversmann: Because you're dependable.
Nelson: I hate being dependable, man.
Steele: Pretty funny, hoo-ah?
Cliff Wolcott: Ladies and Gentlemen, my name is Cliff "Elvis" Wolcott, I'll be your pilot this afternoon. Federal regulations designate this a "non-smoking" Black Hawk helicopter. For those of you who have the "Mogadishu Frequent Flyer" program, you'll be earning a hundred free credits this afternoon, and as always, the air sickness bags are located in the seat-back, in front of you.
Busch: Three guys with RPGs! Coming up on your side! Now!
Cliff Wolcott: Stay with it!
Cliff Wolcott: This is 6-1. I'm hit. I'm hit.
Matthews: Super 6-1 is hit. He is hit. Wolcott's bird is hit.
Cliff Wolcott: Hey Bull, you want to pull those PCLs offline or what?
Briley: Right, babe.
Cliff Wolcott: 6-1 going down, 6-1 going down.
Matthews: Super 6-1 is going down. He is going down.
Cliff Wolcott: Hold on!
Cliff Wolcott: Ahhh!
Harell: We've got a Black Hawk down, we've got a Black Hawk down.
Matthews: Super 6-1 is down. We've got a bird down in the city.
Abdullah 'Firimbi' Hassan: You Americans don't smoke anymore. You live long, dull and uninteresting lives.
Sanderson: Are you alright?
Grimes: Yeah, I can hear bells ringin'!
Title Card: BASED ON AN ACTUAL EVENT
Title Card: Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Title Card: Plato
Title Card: SOMALIA - EAST AFRICA
Title Card: 1992
Title Card: Years of warfare among rival clans causes famine on a biblical scale.
Title Card: 300,000 civilians die of starvation.
Title Card: Mohamed Farrah Aidid, the most powerful of the warlords, rules the capital Mogadishu.
Title Card: He seizes international food shipments at the ports. Hunger is his weapon.
Title Card: The world responds. Behind a force of 20,000 U.S. Marines, food is delivered and order is restored.
Title Card: April 1993
Title Card: Aidid waits until the Marines withdraw, and then declares war on the remaining U.N. peacekeepers.
Title Card: In June, Aidid's militia ambush and slaughter 24 Pakistani soldiers, and begin targeting American personnel.
Struecker: It's what you do right now that makes a difference.
Crew Chief: Hey, Grimesy! No fear!
Grimes: Oh, yeah, RIGHT!
Eversmann: You okay?
Todd Blackburn: Excited. In a good way. I've been training my whole life for this.
Eversmann: You ever shot at anybody before?
Todd Blackburn: No Sergeant.
Eversmann: Me neither.
"Hoot": Who's hungry?
Sanderson: So where did they find you?
Grimes: Behind a desk.
Grimes: No really.
McKnight: Get us off this fucking street!
Grimes: Fuuuuck this!
Grimes: Why are they burning tires?
Waddell: Signals to the militia, that we're coming.
Durant: Fuckin' Irene!
Yousuf Dahir Mo'alim: This food is the property of Mohammad Farid Aidid, go back to your homes!
General Garrison: Danny, you understand me? No one gets left behind!
General Garrison: This is Garrison. Now I want to be sure y'all understand what your asking for, so say it out loud and clear.
Shughart: We're asking to go in and set-up a perimeter until ground support arrives.
Grimes: It's all in the grind, Sizemore. Can't be too fine, can't be too coarse. This, my friend, is a science. I mean you're looking at the guy that believed all the commercials. You know, about the "be all you can be." I made coffee through Desert Storm. I made coffee through Panama while everyone else got to fight, got to be a Ranger. Now it's "Grimesy, black, one sugar" or "Grimesy, got a powdered anywhere?"
Pilla: Think. We are at the ten yard line here, men, you understand? Can you count? One, two, ten. Where are my runningbacks?
Rangers: Hoo-ah!
Pilla: Where are my runningbacks?
Rangers: Hoo-ah!
Pilla: Hey. I didn't see you in church on Sunday solider. You had something more important to do? Not on Sunday you don't, not anymore. I will make you believe, you understand?
Joyce: Look at this man Ruiz, he's taping his blood type to his boot. That's bad luck.
Ruiz: No. That's smart.
Ruiz: All Delta do that.
Joyce: That's bad luck too, man.
McKnight: You, get up there and drive!
Othic: But I'm shot Colonel!
McKnight: Everybody's shot! We need the prisoners, let's go!
Yurek: Dude, where the fuck have you been?
Twombly: Never mind. You brought NOD, right?
Yurek: No. No, I didn't bring it, and you wanna know why? Because you said: "You're not gonna need that, dude. We'll be back in a half-hour."
Twombly: Well, I wasn't saying it to you.
Durant: My government will never negotiate for me.
Abdullah 'Firimbi' Hassan: Then perhaps you and I can negotiate, huh? Soldier to Soldier.
Durant: I am not in charge
Abdullah 'Firimbi' Hassan: Course not, you have the power to kill, but not negotiate. In Somalia, Killing is Negotiation.
Abdullah 'Firimbi' Hassan: Do you think if you get General Aidid, we will simply put down our weapons and adopt American democracy? That the killing will stop? We know this. Without victory, there will be no peace. There will always be killing, see? This is how things are in our world.
Maddox: Sir, they're going to get us fucking killed out there!
McKnight: Just get it over with!
Grimes: These things are fuckin' bullet magnets!
Atto: I'm going to be late.
Nelson: The Humvees ain't coming back for us, dude.
Harell: We got a black hawk down, we got a black hawk down.
Matthews: Super 61 is down. We got a bird down in the city. Super 61 is on the deck now.
Garrison: How far is Chalk Four from the crash site?
Harell: Six blocks, sir.
Garrison: They need to haul ass.
Steele: Open up the hatch, we've got men back here!
Pakistani Driver: No room here, go on the roof!
Sanderson: What's going on?
Steele: The roof?
Twombly: I ain't gettin on no fucking roof!
Nelson: Twombly! The convoy's leaving! Hey Twombly!
Twombly: What?
Nelson: I think they've forgotten us!
Twombly: WHAT?
Nelson: It doesn't matter.
Title Card: In late August, America's elite soldiers, Delta Force, Army Rangers and the 160th SOAR are sent to Mogadishu to remove Aidid and restore order.
Title Card: The mission was to take three weeks, but six weeks later Washington was growing impatient.
Othic: Othic: There's a fucking rocket in him, sir!
McKnight: Othic, cool off! Goddamn it! There's live ordnance, now get out!
McKnight: Son of a bitch!
McKnight: Lift him up! Easy, easy!
McKnight: Motherfuckers! Motherfuckers!
Maddox: I can't see shit, sir.
Steele: What the fuck are you doing out there?
Sanderson: Doing my job! We got to get to that crash site! We got to get on that street, and we got to move! And you have got to keep up, sir!
Steele: Don't you ever give me orders, Sergeant! We are combat ineffective, you understand me? We got too many wounded to move!
Sanderson: Then give me some shooters and I'll circle us to the bird.
Steele: Grimes! You're with Chalk Four?
Grimes: Yes, sir!
Steele: All right, hook up with Delta! Rejoin with Sergeant Eversmann. The rest of you, secure this position! Treat the wounded. We'll wait for the convoy! Then we'll rally at the crash site.
Sanderson: My guys, let's go!
Matthews: All units Irene. I say again, Irene.
McKnight: Struecker, you lead humvee.
Struecker: Hoo-ah!
Othic: Colonel, I can't see shit.
Todd Blackburn: Thats a nice beach down there. Hows the water?
Durant: Yeah, its nice and warm... and it's loaded with sharks.
Durant: Gordy!
Shughart: Gordy's gone man. I'll be outside. Good luck.
General Garrison: This isn't Iraq, you know. Much more complicated than that.
Specialist Mike Kurth: Don't do it lady!
Eversmann: Remember, we're Rangers not some sorry-ass JROTC. We're Elite. Let's act like it out there. Hoo-ah?
Rangers: Hoo-ah!
Eversmann: You know, it's kind of funny. Beautiful beach, beautiful sun. Could almost be a nice place to visit.
"Hoot": Almost.
Garrison: You know, the last one of these guys shot himself in the head playing Russian-Roulette in a bar.
Harell: Now he's saying the target building's actually a couple blocks down but if he's seen outside it he'll be shot.
Garrison: I'll fucking shoot him myself a couple blocks down. Tell him I want his skinny ass parked in front of the damn building, he's not getting paid til he does exactly that.
McKnight: Ok, we're going to have to turn 'em around and go back the way we came.
Maddox: WHAT?
Ruiz: Don't go back out there without me. I can still do my job.
Busch: Looks good.
Wex: It's improving.
Busch: But if I may make a suggestion... more of an observation.
Wex: Go ahead.
Busch: It's a children's book. They aren't supposed to scare the living shit out of the children.
Eversmann: You brought your gun?
Todd Blackburn: Yes, Sarn't! Want me to shoot? I'm rested.
Eversmann: When'd you get in?
Todd Blackburn: Just now, Sarn't.
Atto: You put up reward signs. Twenty-five thousand dollars! What is this? Gunfight at the K.O. Corral?
Garrison: It's the *O.K.* Corral.
Durant: I'm not a ranger, I'm a pilot.
McKnight: What happened to him?
Schmid: He fell, missed the rope.
McKnight: How'd he do that?
Abdullah 'Firimbi' Hassan: Mohammad Farid Aidid... claims this prisoner... alive!
CWO Dan Jollata: Art; I've got Skinnies with RPGS! Twelve o'clock!
Crew Chief: Go! Go! Go!
Crew Chief: Roger; give me 90 degrees to the left.
Cliff Wolcott: Ireeene!
Dan Busch: There. Technicals, nine o'clock.
McKnight: Now, there will be some shooting. Bakara Market is the Wild West, but be careful what you shoot at because people do live there.
Kowalewski: Beautiful day to fight.
Kowalewski: Joyce! Joyce! Come on help me pick him up!
Sanderson: "MY GUYS, LET'S GO!"
    