
Ice Cube: But I get it. The bigger the story, the bigger the check in your field of work. I shouldn't blame you, it's not your fault. What's your name?
CNN Journalist: Brian.
Ice Cube: Eat a dick, Brian. Get the fuck out my house. Y'all done here.
Eazy-E: Hey, ya'll lookin for Felicia?
Felicia's Man: She in there or what?
Eazy-E: She kinda preoccupied with some real nigga dick.
Felicia's Man: The fuck you say little nigga?
Eazy-E: I said, she got a muthafuckin dick in her mouth nigga!
Ice Cube: Bye, Felicia!
Ice Cube: Eric, you're kind of being a hoe right now.
Ice Cube: Ain't that some shit? Speak a little truth and people lose their minds.
Eazy-E: See, the truth is, they can do whatever they want with them. They bought them motherfuckers.
Ice Cube: Yo, Dre.
Dr. Dre: What up?
Ice Cube: I got something to say.
Jerry Heller: What's NWA stand for, anyway? "No Whites Allowed", something like that? *chuckles*
Eazy-E: No...
Eazy-E: Niggaz Wit' Attitudes.
Suge Knight: So whatchu gonna call that bullshit?
Dr. Dre: Aftermath.
Eazy-E: Cruising down the street in my '64
Dr. Dre: That was dope, E. That shit was dope, man!
Eazy-E: I liked 'Boyz 'n the Hood.'
Ice Cube: You called it an Afterschool Special.
Eazy-E: I like Afterschool Specials.
Tupac: What up, Dre?
Dr. Dre: What up, Pac?
Tupac: I was about to bust niggas in the mouth with this new album.
Dr. Dre: I feel that.
Tupac: Suge said you got some heat for a nigga.
Dr. Dre: Hell yeah!
Dr. Dre: Fuck wit it.
Tupac: California love.
Ice Cube: FUCK THE POLICE!
Eazy-E: They want N.W.A, let's give em N.W.A.
Verna Griffin: Spinning records ain't paying the bills around here.
Dr. Dre: What are you talking about? I get paid.
Verna Griffin: 50 dollars? So that makes you rich?
Dr. Dre: It's a start.
Jerry Heller: Let me tell you what I see here: a lot of raw talent. Swagger. Bravado. People are scared of you guys. They think you're dangerous, but the world needs to hear it.
Ice Cube: You should've kept your word, Bryan.
Dr. Dre: That shit was DOPE!
Ice Cube: Hey, hold on, hold on! Y'all know what the motherfuckin' police tried to tell us back stage?
Dr. Dre, Audience: What?
Ice Cube: They tried to tell us what the fuck we can't play.
Audience: Ice Cube: Motherfuckers tryin' to tell us what the fuck we can't say. This N.W.A.!
Audience: Ice Cube: We do what the fuck we wanna do. We say what the fuck we wanna say! So everybody, put them middle fingers high in the sky. And to the punk-ass cop backstage... Yo, Dre?
Dr. Dre: What up?
Ice Cube: I got somethin' to say.
Jerry Heller: You can't come down here and harass my clients because they're black!
Tomica: Aren't you gonna say something? What is it? A respiratory infection, pneumonia, what?
Young Doctor: Yes, well, it is those things and more, I'm afraid. We ran a full blood battery and... I'm sorry, Mr. Wright, but you've tested positive for HIV.
Eazy-E: Get the fuck outta here.
Tomica: What?
Young Doctor: The normal T-cell count is anywhere between 500 and 1500. Right now, your T-cell count is 14.
Eazy-E: But I ain't no faggot.
Young Doctor: No, Mr. Wright, actually the virus can be transmitted in quite a few ways, including unprotected heterosexual sex.
Eazy-E: That's wrong. You... you gotta test that again. Test that again.
Young Doctor: We've run the test five times, with five different samples, and the results remain.
Tomica: Shit!
Eazy-E: She's pregnant, Doc! What does this mean?
Young Doctor: It doesn't necessarily mean that she's contracted the virus, but... we'll have to test her, to be sure.
Eazy-E: So what do we do? When do we start the the treatment? I mean, what... I gotta get healthy, I got things to do. I got... What's we supposed to do?
Young Doctor: Mr. Wright, you need to understand that you are very, very sick.
Eazy-E: But I don't even feel that bad Doc, don't tell me that.
Young Doctor: With care, and palliative care, we can probably keep you comfortable for... maybe six months, at the very most.
Eazy-E: Comfortable? What do you mean comfortable?
Young Doctor: It's just a matter of time. I am, I am truly, truly sorry, Mr. Wright. I'll leave you time to process this.
Eazy-E: Here's what's about to happen. I'm gonna get N.W.A back together. And you ain't gonna have nothing to do with it this time.
Jerry Heller: Why the fuck can you even say something like that? What the fuck is going on with you, man? I know what's good for you, I know what's good for Ruthless, and we have worked up a trust after years of hard work and that trust is our foundation, Eric. I don't give a shit.
Jerry Heller: Eric? How is it man? Are you okay?
Eazy-E: Trust? Trust is a muthafucka!
Jerry Heller: Is it? May I ask you something? Eric, If what I'm doing is so illegal, how come I've never been sued? If I'm such a fucking thief, such a liar, such a motherfucker, how come nobody's ever come to collect? Because this is business. And this is how it works. And it's not always pretty, no. Do I cover my own ass? Do I cover my own end? Absolutely. But don't you dare fucking tell me that I have not taken care of you. Don't you fucking tell me that I've not had your back from day one! DAY ONE!
Eazy-E: Is this taking care of me?
Jerry Heller: Are you fucking kidding me? It's taking care of the whole fucking thing! It's business!
Jerry Heller: And this is how it works. Have I covered my end? Do I cover my ass? Absolutely. But don't you dare fucking tell me that I have not taken care of you.
Eazy-E: Is this business too?
Jerry Heller: Yes, this is business, this is how fucked up it can get. But I didn't start this! I didn't fuck it up! You did!
Eazy-E: No, you did. You're fired, Jerry.
Jerry Heller: Good to see you, Cube
Ice Cube: I can barely see you, Jerry. What's with all the Godfather shit?
Jerry Heller: Okay. I know that you've been very eager to sign a contract with Eric's company, Ruthless Records
Ice Cube: Eric's company... ain't it your company, too?
Jerry Heller: That's incorrect. It's not my company. I work for you.
Ice Cube: You work for me?
Jerry Heller: Uh-huh. I've made that clear from the beginning
Ice Cube: All right, cool. So I can take this to a lawyer or something, right?
Jerry Heller: Cube, those guys are paid to make trouble. They're gonna create problems, where no problems exist.
Ice Cube: Jerry you know I don't know what none of this legal shit means! All right, none of us do. So we gonna need a lawyer before we sign anything.
Jerry Heller: Everybody else has already signed. I thought you knew this. You're the only one who hasn't.
Jerry Heller: There's also this...
Jerry Heller: $75,000.
Jerry Heller: Sign the contract, and all this money is yours.
Ice Cube: That's my money anyway, Jerry! I earned that money! Now I wrote a lot of hit songs. We've been on this tour for months, selling out shows, selling records. I know it's plenty of money!
Jerry Heller: Really?
Jerry Heller: Jesus Christ.
Ice Cube: Gimme my money, Jerry.
Jerry Heller: How the hell do you think this works? How the hell do you think all of this gets paid for? The hotel rooms, the tour buses, security, the parties, all this shit. How do you think it gets paid for, you think it's free?
Ice Cube: Why are you doing this now? If we were so good, why didn't you give us contracts in the beginning?
Jerry Heller: Because nothing is a sure thing, Cube. Even a great talent can crash and burn. Too much ego, too much excess, too many expectations. It tends to ruin things. You oughta keep that in mind.
Ice Cube: This Eric's company, right? Bye Jerry
Ice Cube: I'm out.
Dr. Dre: So Cube, we gonna keep this momentum going or what?
Ice Cube: Nah, not like this. I'd rather be broke than to get fucked. I told you not to sign that shit, Dre.
Dr. Dre: Nigga, I got bills to pay. And you know that! Plus you know I gotta money in my mom's hand from when Tyree passed.
Ice Cube: Yeah, I feel you. We gotta do what we gotta do. You they bread and butter, they're gonna take care of you.
Dr. Dre: Cube, we ruthless.
Ice Cube: WE N.W.A.
Ice Cube: THEY Ruthless.
Ice Cube: Aight I'm about to head out.
Ice Cube: take care of yourself, Dre.
Dr. Dre: Peace.
Dj Yella: That's shit's kinda funny.
MC Ren: The motherfucker got us! Yo what we 'bout to do?
Jerry Heller: First thing we're gonna do, we're gonna sue this ignorant fuck. That's what we're gonna do. Defamation of character, libel, I don't really care of that anti-Semitic piece of fucking shit, who the fuck does he think he is? Unfucking believable! That kind of fucking bullshit! Jew bashing bullshit! You know what, I'll call up my friends at the J.D.L. They'll handle him, we'll see how much he likes that.
Eazy-E: Jerry, you gotta relax. Alright? Niggas don't even know what anti-Semitic means anyway, it's a fucking battle rap.
Jerry Heller: C'mon, Eric, we gotta get organised. We gotta fight this kind of ignorant fucking bullshit. You know what? I always knew he was a hateful human being. This is your ignorant shit. He calls it political? This is ignorant shit! I always knew it. Now the whole world is gonna know. I'm gonna make sure of that, okay? I don't understand why the fuck you're not more angry about this? Did you hear what he said?
Eazy-E: I heard what he said.
Jerry Heller: DID YOU HEAR WHAT HE SAID?
Eazy-E: I heard what he said!
Jerry Heller: About you? About me? Come on!
Eazy-E: You got your way of dealing with it, I got mine. We could just go to the studio and just end his fucking career anyway.
Dj Yella: I don't know about all that.
Jerry Heller: Fine. You'll do that. You call Dre and you guys go do that! Do something.
Ice Cube: I'd rather be broke than get fucked.
Suge Knight: DOC shouldn't even be alive. Got thrown out of a car, hit a tree.
Dr. Dre: Is he paralyzed?
Suge Knight: Nah. But his throat got crushed. He could lose his career over this. Where your people? Where Eazy and Jerry?
Dr. Dre: How the fuck should I know?
Suge Knight: Come here.
Suge Knight: What you know about Jerry? What you think about him?
Dr. Dre: He all right. I guess.
Suge Knight: What about your paperwork? You cool with that?
Dr. Dre: I think.
Suge Knight: You think?
Dr. Dre: Look, I just focus on the music, Suge. That's it.
Suge Knight: You see that motherfucker in there? Gotta make sure it don't happen to you, man.
Dr. Dre: Hey, um... maybe-maybe some of your people can look into my paperwork too.
Suge Knight: Most definitely. I'll arrange. Go see ya boy.
Jerry Heller: Oh, Jesus Eric, you scared me. You okay?
Eazy-E: I gotta kill this motherfucker Suge Knight. I just wanted to come over and tell you first cause, shit might get a lil' thick.
Jerry Heller: No, no I'm not gonna let you do that.
Eazy-E: I didn't come over here to ask for your permission, I came to let you know! You wanna come and get involved in this gangster shit, well, here we go.
Jerry Heller: No Eric, you're not in Compton anymore. Just in case ya haven't looked around, drop that shit, okay? We don't hit back with guns, we hit back with lawyers, that's what gets em'.
Eazy-E: You think I got a fuckin choice?
Eazy-E: Look at my face!
Eazy-E: It ain't about the money, Jerry! I don't care about that, this is bigger than all of that...
Jerry Heller: No that's ridiculous, and you should fuckin' care about the money. You're so much smarter than these fuckin' thugs... if you kill this man, his problems will be over, and yours will just be beginning.
Eazy-E: Why do I gotta be the bigger man?
Jerry Heller: Because it's better than you being a dead man. I don't want you fuckin' dead.
Ice Cube: Yella, yo Yella
Dj Yella: Dj Yella: Your name Felicia?
Girl: You forgot my name?
Girl: Dj Yella: No, wait! Valerie, your name's Valerie
Ice Cube: He forgot her name! Damn!
Eazy-E: Eazy-E: So what's up? When you talked to me on the phone, man you sounded pretty worked up.
Dr. Dre: Yeah I know you don't like hearing this shit... it's about Jerry. We gotta get rid of that motherfucker, E.
Eazy-E: That's really why you came here? I thought all this shit was in the past, Dre.
Dr. Dre: This some real shit, man. And the shit been happening since the beginning. I had some people look into this, I ain't been getting my fair share-...
Eazy-E: Do you even know why you rich though? Do you know why you got a big ass house and you ain't sleeping on your auntie couch no more? Because Jerry made that possible for us. He kicked down the door for that shit to happen. For us! And you just gonna turn your back on him? What, you Cube now?
Dr. Dre: Cube was right, fool! E, look at the papers, man and you'll see what the fuck I'm talking about. And forget about Jerry, man! You keep talking about 'Jerry this, Jerry that'. We didn't make it because of Jerry, we made it because our shit is dope! And we can keep going, E. We can own the goddamn world, but we just can't be fucking with him no more! Man, we started this N.W.A shit. I just want it to be right.
Eazy-E: And this what you think right? Turnin' your back on someone after all he done for us.
Dr. Dre: You mean all he done for you. Right? Look at me. Look at me. When Tyree died, you said we was always gonna be brothers. But I guess you forgot about that. Ima start my own company with Suge Knight, E. Thought we were brothers, man.
Jerry Heller: You just gotta slow down, you can't bang every broad on the planet.
Eazy-E: What, getting pussy is a problem now?
Jerry Heller: Well, look it's gonna be a problem if you've got 10,000 kids. Right? You make some money, you have all these kids, you gotta go and take care of em. It's fine... I'll help you take care of em. Hey, Cube.
Ice Cube: Sorry to interrupt y'all lobster brunch... but what's up E, where the contracts at man? You forgot about me?
Eazy-E: I'm not trying to answer this... you know what? Jerry, can you deal with this?
Ice Cube: I'm not talking to Jerry, I'm talking to you.
Eazy-E: That's Jerry's job!
Jerry Heller: You know what, that is my department, you're completely right to ask about that Cube. The contracts are being finished as we speak. The thing is, with the contracts these lawyers go through them. Pouring over it, they'll bleed us dry, but it'll get done. I wish I got paid the way they do, you know?
Ice Cube: Hmm, me too. I just wanna know what's going on since I did write a lot of the songs on this album.
Jerry Heller: Everybody knows how important you are, Cube
Ice Cube: They do?
Eazy-E: That's what's goin on.
Jerry Heller: We just need some time.
Ice Cube: Everything probably alright. I must be trippin.
Ice Cube: Shit tastes pretty good. Maybe someday, right? Y'all enjoy your meal.
Jerry Heller: I'm tellin ya, that guy wants to be you, very freakin' badly.
Eazy-E: As if I ain't got enough fuckin' problems.
Eazy-E: Excuse me, can I get another round?
Bryan Turner: So you're leaving the group?
Ice Cube: Yeah, I'm through with the bullshit! Eazy put everything on Jerry, Jerry put everything on Eazy. It's a two-man show up there, ain't no fuckin' group.
Bryan Turner: I get that, but I need you to understand that you are walking away from a winning situation. Now how do you feel about this Kim, do you think he's making a mistake?
Ice Cube: A mistake?
Bryan Turner: Yes!
Kim: I don't think so. I mean, after hearing all the stuff that he went through, I would've left too.
Bryan Turner: Look, Cube I want you to express yourself. And I'm your biggest fan, I believe in you, but... I just want you to know that there is not a lot of money in this solo play. But if the first album hits, I will make it up to you on the second.
Ice Cube: Be ready, Bryan. This record's comin' in fast.
Eazy-E: Eazy-E: You know Cube's record is in the Top 20 Billboard right now? Our shit never been up there. He blowin the fuck up, Jerry.
Jerry Heller: It's gonna be fine, Eric. It's not just N.W.A anymore, it's our whole Ruthless roster. We got D.O.C., we got Michel'le, we got Above The Law, we're moving up to the next level. You know what, sit down for two seconds.
Eazy-E: Look, we need to keep Dre happy
Jerry Heller: Yeah. Look at him, you think he needs any more motivation than that?
Eazy-E: I mean, I get it Jerry. He drownin in pussy and shit, but that don't mean that he...
Jerry Heller: You-you worry too much. Stop okay?
Eazy-E: Yeah, all right.
Jerry Heller: Here, sign some checks.
Eazy-E: Right now, Jerry? Oh c'mon!
Jerry Heller: Yes, right now, you're gonna be outta your mind later, do it now. Y'know, the fact is Ren is as good of a writer as Cube, maybe even better. They got everything covered.
Jerry Heller: Just the last one. Okay?
Eazy-E: Yeah. We finished here, Jerry?
Jerry Heller: We're finished.
Eazy-E: Good. I'm about to go fuck.
Eazy-E: All right?
Jerry Heller: Yeah.
Eazy-E: See that shit right there, that's what I'm talkin about. Fuck that nigga Cube, man. Nigga ain't shit!
Dr. Dre: How you figure, man? His record the hottest shit out right now, E.
Dj Yella: Yeah man, for real Cube killed that shit.
Eazy-E: So we supposed to just sit there, and not say nothin' and look like bitches and just take it?
D.O.C.: Take what? I don't give a fuck what you talkin' about. I like that shit.
D.O.C.: clown-ass.
Eazy-E: Why you drunk all the goddamn time? You need to get your shit together. Youse a muthafuckin artist, if you ain't noticed.
D.O.C.: How about you get your shit together, little nigga.
D.O.C.: C'mon.
Eazy-E: How about you get your country-ass homeboy?
MC Ren: ..."cause the vocals were local in nightclubs, and not gettin' paid in full. They got the nerve to cuss, only reason niggas pick up your record is 'cause they thought it was us".
    