
Nux: Oh, what a day... what a lovely day!
Max Rockatansky: You know, hope is a mistake. If you can't fix what's broken, you'll, uh... you'll go insane.
Nux: If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die historic on the Fury Road!
Nux: I live, I die. I LIVE AGAIN!
Nux: Witness me.
Immortan Joe: Ah, mediocre!
Narrator: "Where must we go... we who wander this Wasteland in search of our better selves?" -The First History Man
Max Rockatansky: My name is Max. My world is fire and blood. Once, I was a cop. A road warrior searching for a righteous cause. As the world fell, each of us in our own way was broken. It was hard to know who was more crazy... me... or everyone else.
Immortan Joe: Do not, my friends, become addicted to water. It will take hold of you, and you will resent its absence!
The Bullet Farmer: I am the scales of justice! Con-DUCT-or of the choir of death!
Max Rockatansky: My name is Max. My world is fire. And blood.
Toast: What are you doing?
The Dag: Praying.
Toast: To who?
The Dag: Anyone who's listening.
Max Rockatansky: I am the one that runs from both the living and the dead. Hunted by scavengers, haunted by those I could not protect. So I exist in this wasteland, reduced to one instinct: survive.
Imperator Furiosa: How does it feel?
The Splendid Angharad: It hurts.
Imperator Furiosa: Out here, everything hurts. You wanna get through this? Do as I say. Now pick up what you can and run.
Max Rockatansky: Here they come again... worming their way into the black matter of my brain. I tell myself, they cannot touch me. They are long dead.
Nux: Immortan! Immortan Joe!
Nux: He looked at me. He looked right at me.
Slit: He looked at your blood bag.
Nux: He turned his head. He looked me straight in the eye.
Slit: He was scanning the horizon.
Nux: No, I am awaited. I am awaited in Valhalla!
Max Rockatansky: How much more can they take from me? They got my blood, now it's my car!
Keeper of the Seeds: I like this plan... we could start again, just like the old days!
Max Rockatansky: Look, it'll be a hard day.
Max Rockatansky: But I guarantee you that a hundred and sixty days ride that way... there's nothing but salt.
Max Rockatansky: At least that way we might be able to... together... come across some kind of redemption.
Imperator Furiosa: You never gonna have a better chance.
Max Rockatansky: At what?
Imperator Furiosa: Redemption.
The Organic Mechanic: Crying shame. Another month, could have been your viable human.
Immortan Joe: Was it a male?
The Organic Mechanic: Yep. Your number one alpha prime.
The Organic Mechanic: Hey, Rictus?
Rictus Erectus: Yeah?
The Organic Mechanic: You lost a baby brother. Perfect in every way.
Rictus Erectus: I had a brother! I had a little baby brother! And he was perfect! Perfect in every way!
Nux: Immortan, if I can get onto the rig, there's a way inside.
Immortan Joe: What is your name?
Nux: It's Nux. I'll pike her in the spine, keep her breathing for you.
Immortan Joe: No!
Immortan Joe: Put a bullet in her skull. Stop the rig. Return my treasures to me and I myself will carry you to the gates of Valhalla.
Nux: Am I awaited?
Immortan Joe: You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome.
Max Rockatansky: Max. My name is Max. That's my name.
Imperator Furiosa: And how exactly do we take the Citadel, assuming we're still alive by then?
Toast: If we can block the pass, it'll be easy. All that's left are his War Pups, and War Boys too sick to fight.
Capable: And we'll be with Nux. He's a War Boy. He'll be bringing us home, bringing back what's stolen, like he's supposed to.
Nux: Yeah... feels like hope.
The Dag: He's a crazy smeg who eats schlanger!
Capable: We are not things. We are not things!
Max Rockatansky: That's mine!
Max Rockatansky: All right. This is your way home.
Imperator Furiosa: We go back?
Max Rockatansky: Mmm.
Toast: Back?
Max Rockatansky: Yeah.
The Dag: I thought you weren't insane anymore.
Capable: What are you doing here?
Nux: He saw it. He saw it all. My own bloodbag driving the rig that killed her.
Capable: Stop doing that! Shh. Stop.
Nux: Three times the gates were opened to me.
Capable: What gates?
Nux: I was awaited in Valhalla. They were calling my name. I should be walking with the Immortan or feasting with the heroes of our time.
Capable: I'd say it was your manifest destiny not to.
Nux: I thought that I was spec for something great. I got to... drive a pursuit vehicle, for a while even Larry and Barry stopped chewing my windpipe.
Capable: Who are Larry and Barry?
Nux: My mates.
Nux: Larry and Barry. If they don't get me then the night fevers would.
Max Rockatansky: That's *my jacket...!*
Nux: I never thought I'd do something as shine as that.
Max Rockatansky: That's my head!
The Bullet Farmer: All this over a family squabble... healthy babies...
The Bullet Farmer: Sing, Brother Heckler! Sing, Brother Koch! Sing, brothers! Sing! SING!
Imperator Furiosa: FOOL!
Immortan Joe: Everybody has gone out their mind. You're not the only one, Max.
Toast: Are you hurt?
Max Rockatansky: Huh?
Toast: You're bleeding.
Imperator Furiosa: That's not his blood.
Toast: Well, we've only got four for big boy here, so he's all but useless.
Toast: But we can squirt off this little pinkie a raunchy twenty-nine times.
The Dag: Angharad used to call them anti-seed.
Cheedo the Fragile: Plant one and watch something die.
Max Rockatansky: Have you done this before?
Imperator Furiosa: Many times.
Imperator Furiosa: Hey. What's your name? What do I call you?
Max Rockatansky: Does it matter?
Imperator Furiosa: Fine. When I yell "fool," you drive out of here as fast as you can.
Immortan Joe: I am your redeemer. It is by my hand you will rise from the ashes of this world.
The Dag: Stay right where you are, little Joe. Kind of lost his novelty out here.
Keeper of the Seeds: You're having a baby?
The Dag: Warlord, Jr... It's gonna be so ugly.
Keeper of the Seeds: It could be a girl!
The Dag: You kill people with that, do you?
Keeper of the Seeds: Killed everyone I've ever met out here. Headshots all of, snap! Right on the medulla.
The Dag: I thought some of you girls were above all that.
Keeper of the Seeds: Come here. Take a peek.
The Dag: Seeds.
Keeper of the Seeds: This are from home. Heirlooms. The real thing. I plant one every chance I get.
The Dag: Where?
Keeper of the Seeds: So far nothing's took. Earth's too sour.
The Dag: Ah! So many different kinds.
Keeper of the Seeds: Trees, flowers, fruit. Back then everyone had they field. Back then there was no need to snap anybody.
Nux: We're not to blame!
The Splendid Angharad: Then who killed the World?
Max Rockatansky: CONFUCAMUS!
The Valkyrie: It'll take two weeks to skirt the wall of mountains.
Max Rockatansky: No. I suggest we go back the same way we came. Through the canyon.
Toast: It's open - we know that, right? He brought all his war parties through.
Max Rockatansky: So we take the War Rig and charge it right through the middle of them. We can decouple the tanker at the pass, shut it off behind us.
Keeper of the Seeds: Kaboom!
The Dag: Angharad, is that just the wind or is it some furious vexation?
The Bullet Farmer: Hold up a flare!
Red Flare Warrior: I am holding a flare!
The Bullet Farmer: Closer!
Red Flare Warrior: It's right in front of your eyes!
Miss Giddy: They are not your property!
Immortan Joe: Miss Giddy!
Miss Giddy: You cannot own a human being! Sooner or later, someone pushes back!
Immortan Joe: WHERE IS SHE TAKING THEM?
Miss Giddy: She didn't take them, they begged her to go!
Immortan Joe: ... Where is she taking them?
Miss Giddy: A long way from you!
Nux: I am the man... who grabs the sun... RIDING TO VALHALLA!
Nux: WITNESS ME, BLOOD BAG!
Nux: WITNESS!
Slit: By my deeds I honour him, V8.
The People Eater: We are down 30,000 units of gasoline, 19 canisters of nitro, 12 assault bikes, 7 pursuit vehicles: the deficit mounts, and now sir, you have us stuck in a quagmire!
Ripsaw Imperator: Wouldn't want to shoot the Wives, sir.
The Bullet Farmer: Just probing.
Max Rockatansky: Uh-uh. That's bait.
Imperator Furiosa: Stay in the rig.
The Vuvalini: What's there to find at the Citadel?
Max Rockatansky: Green.
Toast: And water. There's a ridiculous amount of clear water. And a lot of crops.
The Dag: It's got everything you need, as long as you're not afraid of heights.
Keeper of the Seeds: Where does the water come from?
Toast: He pumps it up from deep within the earth. He calls it "Aqua Cola" and claims it all for himself.
The Dag: And because he owns it, he owns all of us.
Keeper of the Seeds: I don't like him already.
Nux: There's high ground, just beyond that thing.
Capable: He means the tree.
Nux: Yeah, tree!
Max Rockatansky: Hey - you need to take the War Rig half a klick down the track.
Imperator Furiosa: What if you're not back by the time the engines are cooled?
Max Rockatansky: Well, you keep movin'.
Toast: What do you suppose he's gonna do?
Imperator Furiosa: Retaliate first.
The Bullet Farmer: I am the scales of justice; conductor of the choir of death. Sing, Brother Heckler! Sing, Brother Koch! Sing, brothers! Sing! SING!
Slit: AND NOW WE BRING HOME THE BOOTY!
The Dag: Schlanger!
The Ace: Why can't you stop?
The Vuvalini: One man, one bullet.
Max Rockatansky: I am so sorry...
The Dag: Cheedo! Cheedo, don't be stupid!
Capable: STOP!
Cheedo the Fragile: He'll forgive us, I know he will!
Capable: There's no going back!
Cheedo the Fragile: We were his treasures! We were protected, he gave us the high life! What's wrong with that?
Capable: Cheedo! We are not things!
Cheedo the Fragile: NO!
The Dag: Cheedo, we are not things!
Capable: We are not things.
Cheedo the Fragile: I don't want to hear that again!
Capable: They were her words!
Cheedo the Fragile: And now she's DEAD!
The Dag: Wring your hands, tear your hair. But you're not going back. You're not going back to him!
Cheedo the Fragile: ANGHARAD!
Nux: Filth! You traitored him!
The Splendid Angharad: No unnecessary killing!
Imperator Furiosa: This War Boy wants me dead!
The Splendid Angharad: We agreed! He's kamakrazee! He's just a kid at the end of his half-life!
Nux: No! I live, I die, I live again!
The Splendid Angharad: Hold him!
Capable: Tie him up!
Imperator Furiosa: Throw him out!
The Dag: Chuck him out!
Max Rockatansky: You got more friends.
Imperator Furiosa: Bullet Farmer. They're coming from the Bullet Farm.
Nux: It's over. You can't defy him!
The Dag: Just watch us, mate!
Nux: He is the one who grabs the sun!
Toast: Look how slick he's fooled you, War Boy.
Capable: He's a lying old man.
Nux: By his hand, we'll be lifted up!
The Splendid Angharad: That's why we have his logo seared on our back! "Breeding stock"! "Battle fodder"!
Nux: No, I am awaited!
Capable: You're an old man's battle fodder, killing everyone and everything!
Nux: We're not to blame!
The Splendid Angharad: Then who killed the world?
Capable: There's no going back!
Imperator Furiosa: Remember me?
The Bullet Farmer: Come on! I've been called to the torture!
Immortan Joe: Patience!
The Bullet Farmer: Oh, you stay here with your grief, daddy. I'll fetch 'em for ya.
The People Eater: Be careful! Protect the assets!
The Bullet Farmer: Just one angry shot... for Furiosa. Hut!
The Dag: Say, anyone notice that bright light? Encroaching gunfire?
Corpus Colossus: Hey pa - you know about this?
Corpus Colossus: Your produce ain't goin' to Gas Town... She's gone offroad, into hostile territory.
Rictus Erectus: Why would she do that, Dad?
Rictus Erectus: Lemme see! Lemme see!
Corpus Colossus: Rictus!
Rictus Erectus: I wanna see!
Corpus Colossus: Rictus. Go see what's agitatin' Dad!
Keeper of the Seeds: Here we go, girls!
The Ace: Should we turn it 'round and run 'em into our backup?
Imperator Furiosa: No. We're good. We fang it!
The Ace: Thunder up! Here we go!
Glory the Child: You promised to help us!
Slit: Mediocre, Morsov! Mediocre!
War boy: You all right?
Immortan Joe: On, on!
Rictus Erectus: She thinks she can lose us, Dad! She thinks we're stupid! She thinks she can lose us in there!
Slit: You filth! You traitored him!
Capable: Stop! Turn the rig around! Go back for her!
Max Rockatansky: No.
Capable: Tell him to turn the rig around!
Imperator Furiosa: Did you see it?
Max Rockatansky: She went under the wheels.
Imperator Furiosa: Did you see it?
Max Rockatansky: She went under the wheels.
Imperator Furiosa: We keep moving...
Capable: NO!
Imperator Furiosa: We keep moving!
Capable: He doesn't know what he's talking about!
Toast: Whatever happens, we're going to the Green Place...
Cheedo the Fragile: The stupid "Green Place!" We don't even know where to find it!
Imperator Furiosa: It's all here! 3,000 gallons of guzzoline, just like you asked. I'm gonna unhitch the pod, you drop the rocks.
The Rock Rider Chief: You said, "A few vehicles in pursuit, maybe." We count THREE war parties!
Imperator Furiosa: Yeah, well, I got unlucky. Let's do this!
Imperator Furiosa: FOOL!
Slit: Hey heads! Say bye-bye to the neck! To capitol!
Nux: We're going in, Slit!
Cheedo the Fragile: He's dead! He's dead!
Nux: Do you hear that? We're gonna see two airborne V8s.
Imperator Furiosa: I'm gonna need you to drive. I'll get him out of our way.
Imperator Furiosa: DRIVE!
Nux: I've got a boot!     