
Ricky Baker: "Faulkner is cauc-asian" - well, they got that wrong because you're obviously white.
Hec: Me and this fat kid / We ran we ate and read books / And it was the best.
Ricky Baker: Kingi you wanker / You arsehole, I hate you heaps / Please die soon, in pain.
Officer Andy: We're offering ten thousand dollars to anyone who can capture them, dead or alive.
Officer Andy: Oh. Alive. They should be alive.
Ricky Baker: Trees. Birds. Rivers. Sky. / Running with my Uncle Hec / Living forever.
Officer Andy: Oh look, he's giving a pig a piggyback ride.
Ricky Baker: I didn't choose the skuxx life, the skuxx life chose me.
Ricky Baker: I'll never stop running!
Paula: Yeah, and I'll never stop chasing you - I'm relentless, I'm like the Terminator.
Ricky Baker: I'm more like the Terminator than you!
Paula: I said it first, you're more like Sarah Connor, and in the first movie too, before she could do chinups.
Hec: Pretty majestical, aye?
Ricky Baker: I don't think that's a word.
Hec: Majestical? Sure it is.
Ricky Baker: Nah, it's not real.
Hec: What would you know?
Ricky Baker: It's majestic.
Hec: That doesn't sound very special, majestical's way better.
Hec: Sam, what's the fastest way out of here?
Psycho Sam: Jetpack.
Ricky Baker: Do you actually have a jetpack?
Ricky Baker: It was a relaxing song... and a relaxing sausage.
Minister: You know, sometimes in life it seems like there's no way out. Like a sheep trapped in a maze designed by wolves.
Ricky Baker: Here we go. Reckon you can handle it?
Hec: What do you think? Reckon you can find that bird?
Ricky Baker: Yeah, I think I know where it is.
Hec: Seem to remember it was a pretty beautiful place.
Ricky Baker: Yeah, majestical. Come on, let's go. Don't slow me down, old fella.
Hec: You keep up with yourself, young player. Get in my way I'll have your guts for garters.
Ricky Baker: I honestly don't know what "guts for garters" is, so...
Hec: Those gangster talk.
Ricky Baker: Yeah, we didn't choose the Skux life.
Hec: The Skux life chose us.
Ricky Baker: Yeah.
Ricky Baker: Uncle, you're basically a criminal now. But on the bright side, you're famous.
Ricky Baker: Shit just got real! Back up, homies, and let go of my uncle!
Hec: You can take him, but I'm staying here.
Hugh: Like hell. People want answers.
Ron: Yeah, answers.
Hec: Look, we got lost, I got injured, he's fine, it was basically a holiday.
Ricky Baker: Not a real holiday because he made me do stuff.
Hugh: Like what?
Ricky Baker: Just stuff. He had a sore leg so he made me do things for him. It was hard at first because my hands are so soft, but I got used to it. I didn't really wanna do it, but it was the only way to survive. It wasn't always hard, sometimes I got to do my own thing. He pretty much never joined in with me though. I asked if he wanted to play with me, but he would just make me play with myself.
Ron: I feel sick.
Minister: You would think Jesus. I thought Jesus the first time I came across that door. It's not Jesus. It's another door. And guess what's on the other side of that door? Yeah, Jesus. He's tricky like that, Jesus.
Ricky Baker: He's molestering me!
Ricky Baker: Ricky town, population... Ricky
Ricky Baker: We'll just tell them you were looking after me.
Hec: Doesn't matter what you tell them, they won't believe you. They'll think I made you do it. I'm not going back to jail, I'm better off up here. This is no place for a kid. You're gonna have to go back, Ricky.
Ricky Baker: To what?
Hec: To the welfare people.
Ricky Baker: No!
Hec: They'll look after you.
Ricky Baker: No, they won't!
Hec: They'll find you another home, you'll be fine.
Ricky Baker: You're not listening! Nobody listens! There's no more homes, just juvy!
Hec: What's juvy?
Ricky Baker: Juvenile prison. They don't care about kids like me, they just keep moving us around until something happens like... Amber.
Hec: Oh no, bugger then. Okay, okay. We're in about a million hectares of bush, that's big, it's big enough to hide in for a while, anyway.
Ricky Baker: Good enough for me.
Hec: But we're heading into winter. It's gonna be rough, no huts, no tents, real bush life. Can you handle that?
Ricky Baker: I can handle it.
Hec: Yeah. And if you play up, I dump you.
Ricky Baker: Okay, Uncle.
Hec: I'd still prefer if you don't call me Uncle.
Ricky Baker: Okay, Hec. So what do we do now?
Hec: We run.
Hec: Wait, wait wait. Maybe we don't need to run.
Ricky Baker: Oh yeah, let's just fast walk.
Hec: Shit just got real... again
Bella: What you wanna do, you hungry? That's a silly question, isn't it? Look at you.
Ricky Baker: I ran out of toilet paper, give me some of yours.
Hec: Eh?
Ricky Baker: I've gotta poop. I need to poop, you need to poop, we all poop.
Hec: Use a leaf.
Ricky Baker: A leaf? Ugh! I hate you.
Hec: And bury it!
Ricky Baker: I'll bury you.
Ricky Baker: That's not very fair. Some people can't even have babies, and the ones who can, they don't even want them.
Hec: I've been to prison.
Ricky Baker: Gangster! For what?
Hec: Manslaughter.
Ricky Baker: Double gangster! You need a teardrop tattoo!
Ricky Baker: Why do you reckon he calls himself "Psycho Sam?"
Joe: Here you go. Put these on, to stop the government from tracking you.
Ricky Baker: Never mind.
Ricky Baker: Shit just got real
Hec: Yeah shit just got real
Ricky Baker: We didn't choose the skux life.
Hec: The skux life chose us.
Bella: Come on, have some breakfast, then you can run away.
Bella: What are you gonna call him?
Ricky Baker: I'm still thinking. Something fierce to reflect its true nature. Either Psycho, Megatron or Tupac.
Bella: What's a Tupac?
Paula: This ain't no charred foster kid.
Bella: Ricky Baker, now you are 13 years old. / You are a teenager and you're as good as gold. / Ricky Baker, Ricky Baker, / Happy Birthday. / Once rejected, now accepted, / By me and Hector. / We're trifecta.     