
Tony Stark: Wong, you're invited to my wedding.
Rocket Raccoon: You speak Groot?
Thor: Yes, they taught it on Asgard. It was an elective.
Bruce Banner: Who's Scott?
Steve Rogers: Ant-Man.
Bruce Banner: There's an Ant-Man *and* a Spider-Man?
Thanos: Daughter.
Young Gamora: Did you do it?
Thanos: Yes.
Young Gamora: What did it cost?
Thanos: ...Everything.
Rocket Raccoon: This is Thanos we're talking about. He's the toughest there is
Thor: Well, he's never fought me.
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah, he has.
Thor: He's never fought me twice.
Eitri: You understand, boy, you're about to take the full force of a star. It'll kill you.
Thor: Only if I die.
Eitri: Yes. That's what... killing you means.
Gamora: I was a child when you took me.
Thanos: I saved you.
Gamora: No. We were happy on my home planet.
Thanos: You were going to bed hungry, scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I'm the one who stopped that. You know what's happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It's a paradise.
Gamora: Because you murdered half the planet.
Thanos: A small price to pay for salvation.
Gamora: You're insane.
Thanos: Little one, it's a simple calculus. This universe is finite, its resources, finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correcting.
Gamora: You don't know that!
Thanos: I'm the only one who knows that. At least, I'm the only one with the will to act on it.
Thor: There are six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth, they're with the Avengers.
Peter Quill: The Avengers?
Thor: The Earth's mightiest heroes.
Mantis: Like Kevin Bacon?
Thor: He may be on the team. I don't know, I haven't been there in a while.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Ok, let me ask you this one time: What master do you serve?
Peter Quill: Oh, what master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus?
Loki: You... will never be... a god.
Gamora: All my life I dreamed of a day, a moment, when you got what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now, you kill and torture and you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize and it told you no. You failed. And do you wanna know why? Because you love nothing. No one.
Gamora: Really? Tears?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): They are not for him.
Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. It's frightening, turns the legs to jelly. I ask you to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now it's here. Or should I say, I am.
Tony Stark: Dude, you're embarrassing me in front of the wizards.
Peter Parker: Magic. More Magic. Magic with a Kick. Mag...
Thanos: Insect!
Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again.
Thor: You know, I'm 1500 years old. I've killed twice as many enemies as that. And every one of them would have rather killed me than not succeeded. I'm only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is just the latest of a long line of bastards, and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance - fate wills it so.
Bruce Banner: Hulk. Hulk, I know you like making your entrance at the last second, well, this is it, man. This is the last *last* second. Hulk! Hulk! HULK!
Hulk: NOOOO!
Bruce Banner: Oh, screw you, you big green asshole! I'll do it myself!
Thanos: You should have gone for the head.
Peter Quill: How the hell is this dude still alive?
Drax: He is not a dude. You're a dude. This... this is a man. A handsome, muscular man.
Peter Quill: I'm muscular.
Rocket Raccoon: Who are you kidding, Quill? You're one sandwich away from fat.
Peter Quill: Yeah, right.
Drax: It's true. You have put on weight.
Peter Quill: What?
Peter Quill: Gamora, do you think I'm...
Mantis: He is anxious, angry, he feels tremendous loss and guilt.
Drax: It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel.
Peter Quill: Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay, I'm gonna get a Bowflex. I'm gonna commit. I'm gonna get some dumbbells.
Rocket Raccoon: You know you can't eat dumbbells, right?
Gamora: It's like his muscles are made of Chitauri metal fibers.
Peter Quill: Stop massaging his muscles.
Loki: If you're going to Earth, you might want a guide. I do have a bit of experience in that arena.
Thanos: Well, if you consider failure experience.
Loki: I consider *experience* experience.
Peter Parker: Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest or something and I eat one of you, I'm sorry.
Tony Stark: I don't want another single pop culture reference out of you for the rest of the trip. You understand?
Okoye: When you said you were going to open Wakanda to the rest of the world, this is not what I imagined.
T'Challa: What did you imagine?
Okoye: The Olympics, maybe even a Starbucks.
Bus Driver: What's the matter with you kids? You've never seen a spaceship before?
Tony Stark: You throw another moon at me and I'm gonna lose it!
Dr. Stephen Strange: We gotta turn this ship around.
Tony Stark: Yeah, now he wants to run. Great plan.
Dr. Stephen Strange: No, I want to protect the stone.
Tony Stark: And I want you to thank me. Now, go ahead. I'm listening.
Dr. Stephen Strange: For what? Nearly blasting me into space?
Tony Stark: Who just saved your magical ass? Me.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I seriously don't know how you fit your head into that helmet.
Tony Stark: Admit it, you should've ducked out when I told you to. I tried to bench you. You refused.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Unlike everyone else in your life, I don't work for you.
Tony Stark: And due to that fact, we're now in a flying doughnut billions of miles from Earth with no backup.
Peter Parker: I'm backup.
Tony Stark: No, you're a stowaway. The adults are talking.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm sorry, I'm confused as to the relationship here. What is he, your ward?
Peter Parker: No. I'm Peter, by the way.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Doctor Strange.
Peter Parker: Oh, you're using made-up names. Um... I'm Spider-Man, then.
Peter Quill: Dude. How long have you been standing there?
Drax: An hour.
Peter Quill: An hour?
Gamora: Are you serious?
Drax: I've mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still... that I become invisible to the eye... Watch.
Peter Quill: You're eating a Zargnut.
Drax: My movement... is so slow... that it's imperceptible.
Peter Quill: Mmm, no.
Drax: I'm sure I'm invisible.
Mantis: Hi, Drax.
Drax: Dammit.
Tony Stark: If Thanos needs all six, why don't we just stick this one down a garbage disposal?
Dr. Stephen Strange: No can do.
Wong: We swore an oath to protect the Time Stone with our lives.
Tony Stark: And I swore off dairy... but then Ben & Jerry's named a flavor after me, so...
Dr. Stephen Strange: Stark Raving Hazelnuts.
Tony Stark: Not bad.
Dr. Stephen Strange: A bit chalky.
Wong: A Hunk of Hulk of Burning Fudge is our favorite.
Tony Stark: We gotta coalesce. Because if all we come out is with a plucky attitude
Peter Quill: Dude, don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. We're more optimistic, yes. I like your plan. Except, it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really good.
Drax: Tell him about the dance-off to save the Universe.
Tony Stark: What dance-off?
Peter Quill: It's not a thing.
Peter Parker: Like in Footloose, the movie?
Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose. Is it still the greatest movie in history?
Peter Parker: It never was.
Tony Stark: Don't encourage Flash Gordon.
Peter Quill: Flash Gordon? That's a compliment. Don't forget, I'm half human. So that 50% of me that's stupid that's 100% you.
Peter Quill: Wait, who are you?
Peter Parker: We're the Avengers, man.
Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about.
Tony Stark: You know Thor?
Peter Quill: Yeah, tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.
Drax: It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel.
Thanos: The Tesseract? Or your brother's head? I assume you have a preference?
Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away!
Loki: ALRIGHT, STOP!
Thor: We don't have the Tesseract, it was destroyed on Asgard!
Thor: You really are the worst brother!
Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again.
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian.
Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk.
Tony Stark: I'm sorry, earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here.
T'Challa: Evacuate the city! Engage all defenses!
T'Challa: And get this man a shield!
Dr. Stephen Strange: Seriously? You don't have any money?
Wong: Attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I'll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they'll make you a metaphysical ham and rye.
Wong: Wait, wait, wait. I think I have two hundred.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Dollars?
Wong: Rupees.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Which is?
Wong: A... buck and a half.
Dr. Stephen Strange: What do you want?
Wong: I wouldn't say no to a tuna melt.
Bruce Banner: You guys are so screwed now!
Rocket Raccoon: Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful and horrific weapons to ever torment the universe. I would very much like to go there, please.
Thor: The rabbit is correct and clearly the smartest among you.
Rocket Raccoon: Rabbit?
Thanos: In time, you will know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right. Yet to fail all the same. Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives.
Thor: You know, I'm 1500 years old. I've killed twice as many enemies as that. And every one of them would have rather killed me than not succeeded. I'm only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is just the latest of a long line of bastards, and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance - fate wills it so.
Rocket Raccoon: Mm-hmm. And what if you're wrong?
Thor: Well, if I'm wrong, then... what more could I lose?
Rocket Raccoon: Well, I could lose a lot. Me, personally, I could lose a lot.
Nick Fury: There was an idea...
Tony Stark: To bring together, a group of remarkable people...
Vision: To see if we could become something more...
Thor: So when they needed us, we could fight the battles...
Natasha Romanoff: That they never could.
Thanos: Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the universe. But this...
Thanos: ... does put a smile on my face.
Peter Parker: Hey, man! What's up, Mr Stark?
Tony Stark: Kid, where'd you come from?
Peter Parker: Field trip!
Peter Parker: Uh, what is this guy's problem, Mr. Stark?
Tony Stark: Uh, he's from space, he came here to steal a necklace from a wizard.
Heimdall: Allfather, let the Dark Magic flow through me one last time...
Ebony Maw: Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine.
Tony Stark: Yeah, but the kid's seen more movies.
Thanos: Stark.
Tony Stark: You know me?
Thanos: I do. You're not the only cursed with knowledge.
Tony Stark: My only curse is you.
Peter Parker: You can't be a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man if there's no neighborhood.
Peter Parker: Okay, that didn't really make sense, but you know what I'm trying to say.
Tony Stark: We haven't caught up, have we?
Bruce Banner: No.
Tony Stark: The Avengers broke up. We're toast.
Bruce Banner: Broke up? Like a band? Like the Beatles?
Mantis: We are arriving.
Peter Quill: All right, Guardians, don't forget this might be dangerous, so let's put on our mean faces.
Thanos: You have my respect, Stark. When I'm done, half of humanity will still be alive. I hope they remember you.
Drax: Die, blanket of death!
Peter Parker: Hey, I need you to cause a distraction.
Ned: Holy shit. WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!
Vision: It's alright. You could never hurt me. I just feel you.
Peter Parker: I got you!
Peter Parker: I got you! Sorry, I can't remember anybody's names.
Peter Quill: Groot, put that thing away. Now, I don't wanna tell you again... Groot?
Groot: I am Groot!
Peter Quill: Whoa!
Rocket Raccoon: Language!
Mantis: Hey!
Drax: Wow.
Peter Quill: You got some acorns on you, kid.
Rocket Raccoon: Ever since you got a little sap, you're a total D-hole.
Rocket Raccoon: Now, keep it up and I'm gonna smash that thing to pieces!
Thanos: You're strong... but I could snap my fingers... and you'd all cease to exist.
Dr. Stephen Strange: If we don't do our jobs...
Tony Stark: What is your job, exactly, besides making balloon animals?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Protecting your reality, douchebag.
Peter Parker: Tony, I'm sorry... I'm sorry.
Nick Fury: Oh, no... Motherf...
Thanos: Titan was like most planets. Too many mouths, not enough to go around. And when we faced extinction, I offered a solution.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Genocide.
Thanos: At random. Dispassionate, fair to rich and poor alike. They called me a mad man. And what I predicted came to pass.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Congratulations, you're a prophet.
Thanos: I'm a survivor.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who wants to murder trillions!
Thanos: With all the six stones, I could simply snap my fingers, and they would all cease to exist. I call that... mercy.
Dr. Stephen Strange: And then what?
Thanos: I finally rest, and watch the sunrise on an grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I think you'll find our will equal to yours.
Thanos: Our?
Natasha Romanoff: Hi, Bruce.
Bruce Banner: ...Nat
Sam Wilson: This is awkward.
Mantis: Death follows him like a shadow.
Peter Parker: Whoa, whoa, whoa, please don't put your eggs in me!
Thanos: How is it you know this place so well?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): A lifetime ago, I too sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But it cast me out, banished me here, guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.
Thanos: Today I lost more than you could know, but now is no time to mourn. Now, is no time at all.
Thanos: No resurrections this time.
Thor: Who the hell are you guys?
Eitri: You were supposed to protect us. Asgard was supposed to protect us!
Thor: Asgard is destroyed. Eitri, the glove. What did you do?
Eitri: Three hundred dwarves lived on this ring. I thought if I did what he asked, they'd be safe. I made what he wanted: a device capable of harnessing the power of the stones. And he killed everyone anyway. All except me. "Your life is yours," he said. "But your hands... Your hands are mine alone."
Thor: Eitri, this isn't about your hands. Every weapon you've ever designed - every axe, hammer, sword - it's all inside your head. Now I know it feels like all hope is lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I went forward in time... to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.
Peter Quill: How many did you see?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Fourteen million six hundred and five.
Tony Stark: How many did we win?
Dr. Stephen Strange: ...One.
Natasha Romanoff: Where's your other friend?
Proxima Midnight: He will pay for his life with yours. Thanos will have that stone.
Steve Rogers: That's not gonna happen.
T'Challa: You are in Wakanda now. Thanos will have nothing but dust, and blood.
Proxima Midnight: We, have blood to spare.
Bucky Barnes: They surrender?
Steve Rogers: Not exactly.
Thanos: When I'm done, half of humanity will still exist. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be... I hope they remember you.
Tony Stark: We have one advantage: He's coming to us... so that's what we use.
Stonekeeper: What you seek lies in front of you. As does what you fear.
Thanos: What's this?
Stonekeeper: The price. The Soul Stone holds a special place among the Infinity Stones. You might say, it is a certain wisdom.
Thanos: Tell me what it needs.
Stonekeeper: To ensure that whoever possesses it understands its power, the stone demands a sacrifice.
Thanos: Of what?
Stonekeeper: In order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love. A soul for a soul.
Ebony Maw: Stonekeeper, does this chattering animal speak for you?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Certainly not, I speak for myself. You are trespassing in this city and on this planet.
Tony Stark: That means get lost, Squidward!
Tony Stark: You are one loyal piece of outerwear.
Tony Stark: You're from Earth?
Peter Quill: I'm not from Earth, I'm from Missouri.
Tony Stark: Yeah, that's on Earth, dipshit!
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Still no word from Vision?
James Rhodes: Satellites lost him somewhere over Edinburgh.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: On a stolen Quinjet with four of the world's most wanted criminals.
James Rhodes: You know, they're only criminals because you've chosen to call them that, right sir?
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: My God, Rhodes. Your talent for horseshit rivals my own.
James Rhodes: If it weren't for those accords, Vision would've been right here.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: I remember your signature on those papers, Colonel.
James Rhodes: That's right. I'm pretty sure I've paid for that.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You having second thoughts?
James Rhodes: Not anymore.
Steve Rogers: Mr. Secretary.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You've got some nerve, I'll give you that.
Natasha Romanoff: You could use some of that right now.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: The world's on fire, and you think all is forgiven?
Steve Rogers: I'm not looking for forgiveness, and I'm way past asking permission. Earth just lost her best defender, so we're here to fight. And if you want to stand in our way, we'll fight you too.
On-Set Proxima Midnight: He'll die alone, as will you.
Natasha Romanoff: She's not alone.
Peter Quill: What the hell happened to this planet? Eight degrees off its axis, gravitational pull is all over the place.
Tony Stark: Yeah. We got one advantage, he's coming to us. We'll use it. Alright I have a plan. It's pretty simple: we'll draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don't wanna dance with this guy, we just want the gauntlet.
Tony Stark: Are you yawning? In the middle of this, while I'm breaking it down? Huh? Did you hear what I said?
Drax: I stopped listening after you said "We need a plan"
Peter Quill: See, not winging it isn't really what they do.
Peter Parker: Uh, what exactly is it that they do?
Mantis: Kick names, take ass.
Drax: Yeah, that's right.
Tony Stark: Alright. Just get over here, please? Mr Lord, can you get your folks to circle up?
Peter Quill: "Mr Lord", Star Lord is fine.
Tony Stark: We've gotta coalesce. Cause if all we come out with is a plucky attitude...
Peter Quill: Dude! Don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. Alright, we're optimistic, yes. I like your plan, except it sucks. So let me do the plan, and that way it might be really good.
Drax: Tell him about the dance off to save the universe.
Tony Stark: What dance off?
Peter Quill: It's not a... it's not a... it...
Peter Parker: Like in Footloose the movie?
Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose. Is it still the greatest movie in history?
Peter Parker: It never was.
Tony Stark: Don't encourage this, alright. We're getting no help from "Flash Gordon"...
Peter Quill: "Flash Gordon", by the way, that's a compliment. Don't forget I'm half human so that 50% of me that's stupid, that's a 100% you.
Tony Stark: Your math is blowing my mind
Mantis: Excuse me, but does your friend often do that?
Tony Stark: Strange? You alright?
Tony Stark: You're back here.
Peter Parker: Hey, what was that?
Dr. Stephen Strange: I went forward in time. To view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.
Peter Quill: How many did you see?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Fourteen million, six hundred and five.
Tony Stark: How many did we win?
Dr. Stephen Strange: One.
T'Challa: Today we don't fight for any life... we fight for ALL of them.
T'Challa: Yibambe!
Wakandans: YIBAMBE!
Eitri: Damn it.
Rocket Raccoon: "Damn it?" What's "damn it" mean?
Eitri: The mechanism is crippled.
Thor: What?
Eitri: With the iris closed, I can't heat the metal.
Thor: How long will it take to heat?
Eitri: A few minutes, maybe more. Why?
Thor: I'm gonna hold it open.
Eitri: That's suicide.
Thor: So is facing Thanos without that axe.
Peter Parker: Oh My God! I should've stayed on the bus!
Ebony Maw: Hear me and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the great Thanos. You may think this is suffering, no. It is salvation. The universal scale tips toward balance because of your sacrifice. Smile. For even in death, you have become children of Thanos.
Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail none the less.
Thanos: Frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you to what end? Dread it? Run from it? Destiny arrives all the same, and now it's here. Or should I say: I am.
Thor: You talk too much.
Thanos: The Tesseract. Or your brother's head. I assume you have a preference.
Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away.
Thor: Loki: All right, stop!
Thor: We don't have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard.
Loki: Thor: You really are the worst, brother.
Loki: I assure you, brother... the sun will shine on us again.
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian.
Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk.
Ebony Maw: Let him have his fun.
Thanos: That was a mistake
Thor: No! You're going to die for that.
Ebony Maw: My humble personage bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe, lies within your grasp.
Thanos: There are two more stones on Earth. Find them my children, bring them to me on Titan.
Proxima Midnight: Father, we will not fail you.
Loki: If I might interject. If you're going to Earth, you might want a guide. I do have a bit of experience in that area.
Thanos: If you consider failure experience.
Loki: I consider experience experience. Almighty Thanos... I, Loki, prince of Asgard... Odinson... the rightful king of the Jotunheim... god of mischief... do hereby pledge to you... my undying fidelity.
Thanos: Undying? You should chose your words more carefully.
Loki: You... will never be... a god
Thanos: No resurrections this time.
Steve Rogers: New haircut?
Thor: Looks like you've copied my beard. By the way, this is a friend of mine, the tree.
Groot: I am Groot!
Steve Rogers: I am Steve Rogers.
Rocket Raccoon: Well, if fate does want you to kill that crap-sack, you're gonna need more than one stupid eyeball.
Thor: What's this?
Rocket Raccoon: What's it look like? Some jerk lost a bet with me in Contraxia.
Thor: They gave you his eye?
Rocket Raccoon: No, he gave me a hundred credits. I snuck into his room later that night and stole his eye.
Thor: Thank you, sweet rabbit.
Rocket Raccoon: Ooh. I would've washed that. The only way I could sneak that off Contraxia was up my...
Rocket Raccoon: Hey, we're here.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Spare his life and I'll give you the stone.
Thanos: I thought you might be hungry.
Gamora: I always hated that chair.
Thanos: So I've been told.
Thor: I told you, you'd die for that.
Thanos: You... should've gone for the head
Tony Stark: So this is it? It's all been leading to this.
Thor: I bid you farewell and good luck, morons.
T'Challa: Wakanda forever!
Dr. Stephen Strange: If it comes to saving you, or the kid, or the Time Stone, I will not hesitate to let either of you die.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Oh yeah. You're much more of a Thanos.
Thanos: I take it the Maw's dead. This day extracts a heavy toll, still he accomplished his mission.
Dr. Stephen Strange: You may regret that. He brought you face to face with the Master of the Mystic Arts.
Thanos: Where do you think he brought you?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Let me guess, your home?
Thanos: It was, and it was beautiful. Titan was like most planets. When we faced extinction, I offered a solution.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Genocide.
Thanos: They called me a mad man.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Congratulations, you're a prophet.
Thanos: I'm a survivor.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who wants to murder trillions.
Thanos: With all six stones I can simply snap my fingers and it'll all cease to exist. I call that, mercy.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Then what?
Thanos: I finally rest, and watch the sunrise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest will.
Dr. Stephen Strange: I think you'll find our will, equal, to yours.
Thanos: Our?
Tony Stark: Piece of cake Quill.
Peter Quill: Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off!
Thanos: The hardest choices require the strongest will.
Dr. Stephen Strange: You will find our will equal to your own!
Gamora's Mother: Shh. We're gonna be safe
Young Gamora: Ebony Maw: Choose a side or die. One side a revelation, the other an honour known only to a few.
Thanos: What's wrong little one?
Young Gamora: My mother. Where's my mother?
Thanos: What's your name?
Young Gamora: Gamora.
Thanos: You're quite the fighter Gamora. Come, let me help you.
Thanos: Look.
Thanos: Pretty, isn't is?
Thanos: Perfectly balanced, as all things should be. Too much to one side and the other...
Thanos: Here, you try.
Ebony Maw: Now go in peace and meet your maker.
Thanos: Uh-uh, concentrate. There, you got it.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Tony... there was no other way.
Peter Parker: Mr. Stark? I don't feel so good.
Tony Stark: You're all right.
Peter Parker: I don't-I don't know what's happening. I don't... Save me, save me!
Peter Parker: I don't want to go. I don't want to go, Mr. Stark. Please. Please, I don't want to go. I don't want to go...
Peter Parker: I'm sorry...
Thor: More power, Rabbit!
Ebony Maw: Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now i...
Tony Stark: I'm sorry! Earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here.
Ebony Maw: Stone keeper. Does this chattering animal speak for you?
Dr. Stephen Strange: Certainly not, I speak for myself. You are trespassing in this city and on this planet.
Tony Stark: He means get lost, Squidward!
Tony Stark: Tell me his name again.
Bruce Banner: Thanos. He's a plague, Tony. He invades planets. He takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He sent Loki. The attack on New York, that's him.
Tony Stark: This is it. What's our timeline?
Bruce Banner: No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones. That already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands on all six stones, Tony...
Dr. Stephen Strange: He could destroy life on a scale hitherto undreamt of.
Tony Stark: Did you seriously just say "hitherto undreamt of?"
Dr. Stephen Strange: Are you seriously leaning on the Cauldron of the Cosmos?
Bruce Banner: Is that what it is?
Tony Stark: I'm going to allow that.
M'Baku: This could be the end of Wakanda.
Okoye: Then we shall make it the noblest ending in history.
Mantis: He is in anguish... he mourns...
Drax: What does this MONSTER have to MOURN?
Nebula: Gamora. He went to Vormir with her, he came back with the Soul stone, which means...
Peter Quill: Asshole!
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Welcome Thanos, son of Alars. Gamora, daughter of Thanos.
Thanos: You know us?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): It is my curse to know all who journey here.
Thanos: Where is the Soul Stone?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): You should know it exacts a terrible price.
Thanos: I am prepared.
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): We all think that at first. We are all wrong.
Thor: Something is very wrong.
Wanda Maximoff: Are you ok?
Vision: Wanda Maximoff: What is it?
Vision: He's here.
Steve Rogers: Everyone on my position, we have incoming.
Bruce Banner: Cap, that's him.
Steve Rogers: Eyes up. Stay sharp!
Bruce Banner: Oh, no you don't. This isn't gonna be like New York, pal. This suit's already kicked the crap out of the Hulk.
Nebula: He did it.
Thor: You're going to die for that!
Ebony Maw: Shhh.
Gamora: You promised. You promised!
Thanos: Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him.
Thanos: She's asked, hasn't she?
Thanos: Do it.
Thanos: Do it!
Peter Quill: I told you to go right!
Gamora: I love you, more than anything.
Peter Quill: I love you, too.
Peter Quill: I'm gonna blow that nutsack of a chin right off your face.
Thor: Families can be tough. Before my father died, he told me I had a half-sister that he imprisoned in hell. Then she returned home and stabbed me in the eye. So I had to kill her. That's life though, isn't it, I guess. Goest round and round and... I feel your pain.
Thanos: All this, just for a drop of blood.
Bruce Banner: Thanos has the biggest army in the universe. And he is not gonna stop until he... he gets... Vision's stone.
Natasha Romanoff: Well, then we have to protect it.
Vision: No, we have to destroy it. I've been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. Also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something very similar to its own signature, perhaps... its molecular integrity will fail.
Wanda Maximoff: Yeah, and you with it. I'm not having this conversation.
Vision: Eliminating the stone is the only way to be certain Thanos can't get it.
Wanda Maximoff: That's too high a price.
Vision: Only you have the power to pay it.
Gamora: Swear that if Thanos comes for me, you'll kill me. Swear on your mother.
Dr. Stephen Strange: A simple spell, but quite effective.
Ebony Maw: Then I will take it off your corpse.
Rocket Raccoon: Come and get some, space dogs!
Tony Stark: You throw another moon at me, I'm gonna lose it.
Thanos: Stark!
Tony Stark: You know me?
Thanos: You're not the only one cursed with knowledge.
Tony Stark: My only curse is you.
Peter Quill: Everybody stay where you are, chill the eff out!
Peter Quill: I'm gonna ask you this one time: where is Gamora?
Tony Stark: Yeah, I'll do you one better: WHO'S Gamora?
Drax: I'll do YOU one better: WHY is Gamora?
Peter Quill: Tell me where the girl is, or I swear to you, I'm gonna french-fry this little freak!
Tony Stark: Let's do it! You shoot my guy and I'll blast him! Let's go!
Drax: Do it, Quill! I can take it.
Mantis: No, he can't take it!
Dr. Stephen Strange: She's right, you can't.
Peter Quill: Oh yeah? You don't wanna tell me where she is? That's fine, I'll all three of you and I'll beat it out of Thanos myself!
Peter Quill: Starting with you!
Dr. Stephen Strange: Wait, what? Thanos? Alright, let me ask you this one time: what master do you serve?
Peter Quill: What master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus?
Tony Stark: You're from Earth?
Peter Quill: Yeah, I'm from Earth. I'm from Missouri.
Tony Stark: Yeah, that's on EARTH, dipshit. What're you hassling us for?
Peter Parker: So you're not with Thanos?
Peter Quill: "With Thanos?" No! I'm here to kill Thanos! He took my girl - wait, who are you?
Peter Parker: We're the Avengers, man.
Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about!
Tony Stark: You know Thor?
Peter Quill: Yeah. Tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Where is he now?
Asgardian Distress Call: This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman. We are under assault. I repeat, we are under assault. The engines are dead, life support failing. Requesting aid from any vessel within range. We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families. We have very few soldiers here. This is not a warcraft. I repeat, this is not a warcraft!
Rocket Raccoon: How much for the gun?
Bucky Barnes: It's not for sale.
Rocket Raccoon: Okay, then how much for the arm?
Rocket Raccoon: Oh, I'll get that arm.
Steve Rogers: Together.
Tony Stark: We'll lose.
Steve Rogers: Then we'll do that together, too.
Bruce Banner: Woah.
Shuri: The structure is polymorphic.
Bruce Banner: Right. We... we had to attach each neuron none... none sequentially.
Shuri: Why didn't you just preprogram the synopsis to work collectively?
Bruce Banner: Because, we, didn't... think of it?
Shuri: I'm sure you did your best.
Wanda Maximoff: Can you do it?
Shuri: Yes. But there are more than two trillion neurons here. One misalignment could cause a cascade of circuit failures.
Shuri: It will take time brother.
Steve Rogers: How long?
Shuri: As long as you can give me.
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap. We got a situation out here.
Bucky Barnes: Man, I love this place.
James Rhodes: Don't start celebrating yet guys. We got more incoming outside the dome!
Vision: It's too late. We need to destroy the stone now.
Natasha Romanoff: Vision, get your ass back on the table.
T'Challa: We will hold them off.
Steve Rogers: Wanda. As soon as that stone is out of his head, you blow it to hell.
Wanda Maximoff: I will.
T'Challa: Evacuate the city, engage all defences and get this man a shield.
Thanos: When you left me all those years ago, I allowed it. You haven't been under the impression that you escaped? Daughter, I raised you so much smarter than that.
Gamora: I am not your daughter! You didn't raise me, you kidnapped me, orphaned me, and imprisoned me! Everything I hate about myself comes from you.
Tony Stark: Wow. You are a seriously loyal piece of hardware.
Peter Parker: Yeah, Speaking of loyalty...
Peter Parker: I know what you're gonna say to me.
Tony Stark: You should not be here.
Peter Parker: I was gonna go home.
Tony Stark: I don't want to hear it.
Peter Parker: But it was such a long way down and I just thought about...
Tony Stark: And now, I gotta hear it.
Peter Parker: And this suit is, ridiculously intuitive, by the way. So, if anything, its kind of your fault that I'm here.
Tony Stark: What did you just say?
Peter Parker: I take that back.
Thor: Rocket Raccoon: Wipers! Wipers! Get it off!
Peter Quill: Wake him up.
Mantis: Wake.
Thor: Who the hell are you guys?
Thanos: You have my respect Stark. When I'm done, half of humanity will still be alive. I hope They remember you.
Bruce Banner: Thanos is coming... He's coming.
Dr. Stephen Strange: Who?
Thanos: You're full of tricks, wizard.
Thanos: You're strong. Me. You're generous. Me. But I never taught you to lie. That's why you're so bad at it.
Rocket Raccoon: This is Thanos we're talking about. He's the toughest there is
Thor: Well, he has never fought me.
Rocket Raccoon: Yeah he has.
Thor: He has never fought me twice.
Dr. Stephen Strange: A simple spell, but quite unbreakable.
Ebony Maw: Then I will take it off your corpse.
Tony Stark: Alright kid, you're an Avenger now...
Thor: Bring me Thanos!
Peter Quill: For the record, I know you're only going to Nidavellir because it's where Thanos isn't.
Tony Stark: Yeah, we got one advantage. He's coming to us. We use it. Alright, I have a plan. At least the beginnings of one. It's pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don't want to dance with this guy, we just want the gauntlet.
Tony Stark: Are you yawning? In the middle of this, while I'm breaking it down? Huh? Did you hear what I said?
Drax: I stopped listening after you said we need a plan.
Tony Stark: Okay, Mr. Clean's on his own page.
Peter Quill: See, not winging it isn't really what they do.
Peter Parker: Uh, what exactly is it that they do?
Mantis: Kick names, take ass.
Drax: Yeah, that's right.
Tony Stark: All right, just get over here, please? Mr. Lord, can you get your folks to circle up?
Peter Quill: Mr. Lord... Star-Lord is fine.
Tony Stark: We've gotta coalesce. Because if all we come at him with is a plucky attitude...
Peter Quill: Dude, don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. All right, we're optimistic, yes. I like your plan, except it sucks. So let me do the plan, and that way, it might be really good.
Drax: Tell him about the dance-off to save the Universe.
Tony Stark: What dance-off?
Peter Quill: It's not a, it's not a, it's not a...
Peter Parker: Like in Footloose? The movie?
Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose! Is it still the greatest movie in history?
Peter Parker: It never was.
Tony Stark: Don't encourage this alright? We're getting no help from Flash Gordon.
Peter Quill: Flash Gordon? By the way, that's a compliment. Don't forget, I'm half-human. So that's 50% of me that's stupid, and that's 100% you.
Tony Stark: Your math is blowing my mind.
Bruce Banner: Ha! You guys are so screwed now!
Thanos: Today I lost more than you could know, but now is no time to mourn. Now, is no time at all
Steve Rogers: Mr Secretary.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You got some nerve, I'll give you that.
Natasha Romanoff: You could use some of that right now.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: The world's on fire and you think all is forgiven?
Steve Rogers: I'm not looking for forgiveness, and I'm way past asking permission. Earth just lost her best defender, so we're here to fight. If you wanna stand in our way, we'll fight you too.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Arrest them.
James Rhodes: All over it.
James Rhodes: . That's a court marshal. Great to see you Cap.
Steve Rogers: You too Rhodey.
Natasha Romanoff: Hey.
James Rhodes: Well. You guys, really look like crap. Must've been a rough couple of years.
Sam Wilson: Yeah. Well, the hotels weren't exactly five star.
Bruce Banner: I think you look great. Yeah, I'm back.
Natasha Romanoff: Hi Bruce.
Bruce Banner: Nat.
Sam Wilson: This is awkward.
T'Challa: Up, General. Up! This is no place to die.
Okoye: Hezvo?
Peter Quill: I feel your pain as well, because... I mean, it's not a competition, but I've been through a lot. My father killed my mother. And then I had to kill my father. That was hard. Probably even harder than having to kill a sister. Plus, I came out with both my eyes, which was...
Peter Quill: Let her go, Grimace!
Proxima Midnight: He'll die alone, as will you.
Natasha Romanoff: She's not alone.
Tony Stark: Come on. We got a situation. See him down there? He's in trouble. What's your plan? Go.
Peter Parker: Um. Okay, okay... uh... Okay. Did you ever see this really old movie, Aliens?
Peter Quill: Not so strong now, huh? Where's Gamora?
Thanos: My Gamora...
Peter Quill: Oh, bullshit! Where is she?
Mantis: He is in anguish.
Peter Quill: Good.
Mantis: He... he mourns.
Drax: What does this MONSTER have to mourn?
Nebula: Gamora.
Peter Quill: What?
Nebula: He took her to Vormir. He came back with the Soul Stone... and she didn't.
Tony Stark: Okay, Quill, you gotta cool it right now. You understand? Don't. Don't engage, we almost got this off!
Peter Quill: Tell me she's lying.
Peter Quill: ASSHOLE! Tell me you didn't do it!
Thanos: I... had... to.
Peter Quill: No, you didn't... No, you didn't.
Peter Quill: NO, YOU DIDN'T!
Thanos: Well, well.
Nebula: You should have killed me.
Thanos: Would have been a waste of parts!
Mantis: Death follows him like a shadow...
T'Challa: Today, we don't fight for just one life. We fight for all of them.
Thanos: You're strong. Me, the generous... me. But I never taught you to lie. That's why you're so bad at it.
James Rhodes: Sam? Sam, where are you at?
Ebony Maw: Hear me... and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Titan... You may think this is suffering... No. It is salvation... Universal scales, tipped toward balance because of your sacrifice... Smile, for even in death you have become children of Thanos.
Natasha Romanoff: We don't want to kill you, but we will
Proxima Midnight: You'll never get the chance again
James Rhodes: What is this? What the hell is happening?
Steve Rogers: Oh, God.
Steve Rogers: Mr Secretary.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: You got some nerve, I'll give you that.
Natasha Romanoff: You could use some of that right now.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: The world's on fire and you think all is forgiven?
Steve Rogers: I'm not looking for forgiveness, and I'm way past asking permission. Earth just lost her best defender, so we're here to fight. If you wanna stand in our way, we'll fight you too.
Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross: Arrest them.
James Rhodes: All over it.
James Rhodes: . That's a court marshal. Great to see you Cap.
Steve Rogers: You too Rhodey.
Natasha Romanoff: Hey.
James Rhodes: Well. You guys, really look like crap. Must've been a rough couple of years.
Sam Wilson: Yeah. Well, the hotels weren't exactly five star.
Hulk: I think you look great. Yeah, I'm back.
Natasha Romanoff: Hi Bruce.
Hulk: Nat.
Sam Wilson: This is awkward.
Drax: THANOS!
Iron Man: Kid, that's the wizard. Get on it.
Spider-Man: On it!
Spider-Man: Not cool.
Groot: I am Groot.
Rocket Raccoon: No, Groot... no, no, no, no! Oh... Groot. No...
Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right... yet to fail, nonetheless.
Thanos: It's frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. But I ask you, to what end? Dread it, run from it... destiny arrives all the same. And now, it's here. Or should I say... I am.
Thor: You talk too much.
Thanos: The Tesseract. Or your brother's head. I assume you have a preference.
Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away.
Loki: All right, stop!
Thor: We don't have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard.
Thor: You really are the worst brother.
Loki: I assure you, brother... the sun will shine on us again.
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian.
Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk.
Spider-Man: Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest, or something and I eat one of you, I'm sorry.
Iron Man: I do not want another single pop culture reference out of you for the rest of the trip. Do you understand?
Spider-Man: I'm trying to say that something is coming.
Drax: Thanos!
Spider-Man: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Please don't put your eggs in me!
Star-Lord: Stay down, clown.
Drax: Die, blanket of death!
Star-Lord: Everybody, stay where you are. Chill the F out.
Star-Lord: I'm gonna ask you this one time. Where is Gamora?
Iron Man: Yeah, I'll do you one better. Who is Gamora?
Drax: I'll do *you* one better. Why is Gamora?
Star-Lord: Tell me where the girl is, or I swear to you I'm gonna French fry this little freak.
Iron Man: Let's do it. You shoot my guy and I'll blast him. Let's go!
Drax: Do it, Quill! I can take it.
Mantis: No, he can't take it!
Doctor Strange: She's right. He can't.
Star-Lord: Oh, yeah? You don't wanna tell me where she is? That's fine. I'll kill all three of you and I'll beat it out of Thanos myself.
Star-Lord: Starting with you.
Doctor Strange: Wait, what, Thanos? Alright, let me ask you this one time. What master do you serve?
Star-Lord: What master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus?
Iron Man: You're from Earth.
Star-Lord: I'm not from Earth, I'm from Missouri.
Iron Man: Yeah, that's on Earth, dipshit. What are you hassling us for?
Spider-Man: So you're not with Thanos?
Star-Lord: *With* Thanos? No, I'm here to kill Thanos. He took my girl. Wait, who are you?
Spider-Man: We're the Avengers, man.
Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about.
Iron Man: You know Thor?
Star-Lord: Yeah. Tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.
Doctor Strange: Where is he now?
Eitri: You understand boy, you're taking the full force of a star. It'll kill you.
Thor: And if I die?
Eitri: Yes, that's what killing you means
Ebony Maw: In all the time I have served Thanos, I have never failed him. If I were to reach our rendezvous on time, with the Time Stone still attached to your vaguely irritating person, there will be... judgment.
Dr. Stephen Strange: A simple spell, but quite unbreakable.
Ebony Maw: Then I will take it off you a corpse.
Peter Parker: Uhh, Mr. Stark? I'm being beamed up!
Vision: The blade. It stopped me from phasing.
Wanda Maximoff: Is that even possible?
Vision: It isn't supposed to be. My systems are failing. I'm beginning to think... we should have stayed in bed.
Bruce Banner: There's too many of them!
Bruce Banner: You guys are so screwed now!
Thor: BRING ME THANOS!
Steve Rogers: New haircut?
Thor: Noticed you've copied my beard.
Thor: Oh, by the way, this is a friend of mine, Tree.
Groot: I am Groot.
Steve Rogers: I am Steve Rogers.
Thanos: I understand, my child. Better than anyone.
Scarlet Witch: You could never.
Corvus Glaive: Give up the stone and she lives.
Proxima Midnight: Get up.
Corvus Glaive: I can't.
Black Widow: We don't wanna kill you, but we will.
Proxima Midnight: You'll never get the chance again.
Iron Man: We're getting no help from Flash Gordon here.
Star-Lord: Flash Gordon? By the way, that's a complement. Don't forget I'm half human. So that's fifty percent of me that's stupid, that's one hundred percent of you.
Iron Man: Your math is blowing my mind.
Mantis: Excuse me, but does your friend often do that?
Iron Man: Strange? We all right? You're back. You're alright.
Spider-Man: Hey, what was that?
Doctor Strange: I went forward in time to view alternate futures. To see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.
Star-Lord: How many did you see?
Doctor Strange: Fourteen million, six hundred and five.
Iron Man: How many did we win?
Doctor Strange: One.
Spider-Man: Hey, man. What's up, Mr. Stark?
Iron Man: Kid, where'd you come from?
Spider-Man: A field trip to MoMA.
Spider-Man: Uh, what is this guy's problem, Mr. Stark?
Iron Man: Uh, he's from space. He came here to steal a necklace from a wizard.
Okoye: The King's Guard and the Dora Milaje have been alerted.
T'Challa: And the Border Tribe?
Okoye: Those that are left.
T'Challa: Send word to the Jabari as well. M'Baku likes a good fight.
Okoye: And what of this one?
T'Challa: This one may be tired of war, but the White Wolf has rested long enough.
Bucky Barnes: Where's the fight?
T'Challa: On its way.
Iron Man: Is he under? Don't let up.
Mantis: Be quick. He is very strong.
Iron Man: Parker, help. Get over here. She can't hold him much longer. Let's go.
Spider-Man: We gotta open his fingers to get it off.
Star-Lord: I thought you'd be harder to catch. By the way, this was my plan. Not so strong now, huh? Where is Gamora?
Thanos: M-My Gamora.
Star-Lord: Oh, bullshit. Where is she?
Mantis: He is in anguish.
Star-Lord: Good.
Mantis: He... he mourns.
Drax: What does this monster have to mourn?
Nebula: Gamora.
Star-Lord: What?
Nebula: He took her to Vormir. He came back with the Soul Stone. But she didn't.
Iron Man: Okay, Quill, you gotta cool it right now. You understand? Don't, don't, don't engage. We almost got this off!
Star-Lord: Tell me she's lying. Asshole, tell me you didn't do it!
Thanos: I had to.
Star-Lord: No, you didn't. No, you didn't.
Star-Lord: NO, YOU DIDN'T!
Iron Man: Quill! Hey, stop! Hey, stop, stop!
Spider-Man: It's coming, it's coming, it's coming! I got it! I got it!
Spider-Man: Oh, God.
Rocket Raccoon: Come and get some, space dogs!
Rocket Raccoon: Come on! Get some! Get some! Get some! Come on, get some!
Natasha Romanoff: Where's your other friend?
Proxima Midnight: He will pay for his life with yours. Thanos will have that stone.
Steve Rogers: That's not gonna happen.
T'Challa: You are in Wakanda now. Thanos will have nothing but dust, and blood.
Proxima Midnight: We, have blood to spare.
Dr. Stephen Strange: They surrender?
Steve Rogers: Not exactly.
Tony Stark: Tell me his name again.
Bus Driver: Thanos. He's a plague Tony, he invades planets, he takes what it wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki!... the attack on New York, that's him!
Tony Stark: This is it... what's our timeline?
Bus Driver: No telling. He has the power and space stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe, if he gets his hands on all six stones Tony...
Drax: He could destroy life on a scale hither to undreamt of.
Tony Stark: Did you seriously just said "hitherto undreamt of"?
Doctor Strange: Congratulations, you're a prophet.
Thanos: I'm a survivor.
Doctor Strange: Who wants to murder trillions.
Thanos: With all six stones, I could simply snap my fingers. They would all cease to exist. I call that mercy.
Doctor Strange: And then what?
Thanos: I'd finally rest and watch the sun rise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills.
Doctor Strange: I think you'll find our will equal to yours.
Thanos: Our?
Iron Man: Piece of cake, Quill.
Star-Lord: Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off.
Spider-Man: Magic! More magic! Magic with a kick! Magic with a...
Thanos: Insect!
Falcon: Guys, we got a Vision situation here!
Steve Rogers: Somebody get to Vision!
Bruce Banner: I got him!
Scarlet Witch: On my way.
Proxima Midnight: He'll die alone. As will you.
Black Widow: She's not alone.
Scarlet Witch: Are you okay?
Vision: He's here.
Steve Rogers: Everyone on my position. We have incoming
Black Widow: What the hell?
Bruce Banner: Cap. That's him.
Steve Rogers: Eyes up. Stay sharp.
Thor: You really are the worst brother.
Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again.
Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian.
Loki: Well for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk.
Ebony Maw: Let him have his fun.
Heimdall: All-fathers, let the dark magic flow through me one last time.
Thanos: That was a mistake.
Thor: NO! You're going to die for that!
Ebony Maw: Shh.
Star-Lord: Let her go, Grimace!
Gamora: Peter...
Star-Lord: I told you to go right.
Gamora: Now? Really?
Star-Lord: You let her go!
Thanos: Ah, the boyfriend.
Star-Lord: Like to think of myself more as a Titan-killing, long-term booty call. Let. Her. Go.
Gamora: Peter.
Star-Lord: I'm gonna blow that chin right off your face.
Gamora: Peter. Not him.
Gamora: You promised. You promised.
Thanos: Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him.
Thanos: She's asked, hasn't she? Do it.
Thanos: Do it!
Star-Lord: I told you to go right...
Gamora: I love you more than anything.
Star-Lord: I love you too.
Thanos: I like you.
James Rhodes: Wow, you guys... really look like crap. Must've been a rough couple of years.
Falcon: Yeah, well the hotels weren't exactly five stars.
Bruce Banner: Uh, I think you look great.
Bruce Banner: Yeah, I'm back.
Black Widow: Hi, Bruce.
Bruce Banner: Nat.
Falcon: This is awkward.
Bruce Banner: We need all hands on deck. Where's Clint?
Black Widow: After the whole Accords situation, he and Scott took a deal. It was too tough on their families. They're on house arrest.
Bruce Banner: Who's Scott?
Steve Rogers: Scott Lang. Ant-Man.
Bruce Banner: There's an Ant-Man *and* a Spider-Man?
Ebony Maw: Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine.
Iron Man: Yeah, but the kid's seen more movies.
Spider-Man: Yes! Wait, what are those?
Spider-Man: Hey, we haven't officially met.
Spider-Man: Cool.
Nebula: Mantis, listen very carefully. I need you to meet me on Titan.
Nick Fury: Motherf...
Peter Parker: I don't feel so good Mr. Stark.
Tony Stark: You're alright.
Peter Parker: I don't want to go, please, I don't want to go Mr. Stark. I am sorry, tony, I am sorry.
Tony Stark: Why did you do that?
Dr. Stephen Strange: We're in the end game, now.
Dr. Stephen Strange: TONY, There was no other way .
Peter Quill: You let her go!
Thanos: Ah, the boyfriend.
Peter Quill: I'd like to think of myself more as a titan-killing, long-term booty call.
Thor: I told you... that you would die for that.
Thanos: You should've gone for the head.
Thor: NO!
Gamora: All my life I dreamed of a day, a moment, when you got what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now you kill and torture and you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize and it told you no. You failed. And do you want to know why? Because you love nothing. No one.
Gamora: Really, tears?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): They are not for him.
Gamora: No. This isn't love.
Thanos: I ignored my destiny once. I cannot do that again. Even for you. I'm sorry, Gamora.
Gamora: NO!
T'Challa: Up general, up! This is no place to die.
Thor: What did you do? What did you do?
Steve Rogers: Where'd he go? Thor? Where'd he go?
Bruce Banner: You guys are dead now!
Thor: Bring me THANOS!
Eitri: You understand boy? You're about to take the full force of a star. It'll kill you.
Thor: Only if I die.
Eitri: Yes. That's what killing you means.     