
Tony Stark: Everybody wants a happy ending. Right? But it doesn't always roll that way. Maybe this time. I'm hoping if you play this back, it's in celebration. I hope families are reunited, I hope we get it back and something like a normal version of the planet has been restored, if there ever was such a thing. God, what a world. Universe, now. If you told me ten years ago that we weren't alone, let alone, you know, to this extent, I mean, I wouldn't have been surprised, but come on. The epic forces of dark and light that have come in to play. And for better or worse, that's the reality Morgan's gonna have to find a way to grow up in. So I thought I better record a little greeting, in the case of an untimely death, on my part. I mean, not that death at any time isn't untimely. This time travel thing we're gonna try and pull off tomorrow, it's got me scratching my head about the survivability of it all. Then again that's the hero gig. Part of the journey is the end. What am I even tripping for? Everything's gonna workout exactly the way it's supposed to.
Tony Stark: I love you 3000.
Natasha Romanoff: If we don't get that stone, billions of people stay dead.
Clint Barton: Then I guess we both know who it's got to be.
Natasha Romanoff: I guess we do.
Clint Barton: I'm starting to think we mean different people here, Natasha.
Natasha Romanoff: For the last five years I've been trying to do one thing, get to right here. That's all it's been about. Bringing everybody back.
Clint Barton: Oh, don't you get all decent on me now.
Natasha Romanoff: What, you think I want to do it? I'm trying to save *your* life, you idiot.
Clint Barton: Yeah, well, I don't want you to, how's that? Natasha, you know what I've done. You know what I've become.
Natasha Romanoff: Well, I don't judge people on their worst mistakes.
Clint Barton: Maybe you should.
Natasha Romanoff: You didn't.
Clint Barton: You're a pain in my ass, you know that?
Clint Barton: Okay. You win.
Clint Barton: Tell my family I love them.
Natasha Romanoff: Tell them yourself.
Steve Rogers: Avengers! Assemble.
Tony Stark: Mr. Rogers, I almost forgot, that suit did nothing for your ass.
Steve Rogers: No one asked you to look, Tony.
Tony Stark: It's ridiculous.
Scott Lang: I think you look great, Cap. As far as I'm concerned, that's America's ass.
Tony Stark: Did she have any family?
Steve Rogers: Yeah. Us.
Tony Stark: Honestly, at this exact second, I thought you were a Build-a-Bear.
Rocket: Maybe I am.
Steve Rogers: Hail Hydra.
Pepper Potts: We got really lucky.
Tony Stark: Yeah, I know.
Pepper Potts: A lot of people didn't.
Tony Stark: I can't help everybody.
Pepper Potts: It sort of seems like you can.
Tony Stark: Not if I stop. I can put a pin in it right now... and stop.
Pepper Potts: Tony, trying to get you to stop has been one of the few failures of my entire life.
Thor: I can't do this. I shouldn't be here, I shouldn't have come. This is a bad idea.
Rocket: Come here.
Thor: No, no, I think I'm having... I'm having a panic attack.
Rocket: Come here.
Thor: I shouldn't be here. This is... this is ba...
Rocket: You think you're the only one that lost people? What do you think we're doin' here? I lost the only family I ever had. Quill, Groot, Drax, the chick with the antenna - all gone! Now, I get that you miss your mom, but she's gone. *Really* gone. And there are plenty of people who are only *kinda* gone. And you can help them. So is it too much to ask that you brush the crumbs out of your beard, make schmoopy talk to pretty pants and when she's not lookin', suck out the Infinity Stone and help me get my family back?
Thor: Okay.
Rocket: Are you crying?
Thor: No... yes.
Scott Lang: Someone peed my pants! Not sure if it was the baby-me or the old me.
Scott Lang: Or was it just me-me?
70's Car Man: Hey, man! Make love, not war!
Steve Rogers: You know, I saw a pod of whales when I was coming in, over the bridge.
Natasha Romanoff: In the Hudson?
Steve Rogers: Fewer ships, cleaner water...
Natasha Romanoff: You know, if you're about to tell me to look on the bright side - I'm about to hit you in the head with a peanut butter sandwich.
Steve Rogers: Sorry, force of habit.
Rocket: Quill said he stole the Power Stone from Morag.
Bruce Banner: Is that a person?
Rocket: Morag's a planet, Quill was a person.
Scott Lang: A planet? Like in outer space?
Rocket: Oh, look, it's like a little puppy, all happy and everything. Do you want to go to space, puppy? I'll take you to outer space!
Rocket: Who hasn't been to space?
James Rhodes: Why?
Rocket: You better not throw up on my ship!
Hulk: So many stairs!
Steve Rogers: Don't do anything stupid until I come back.
Bucky Barnes: How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.
Clint Barton: You shouldn't be here.
Natasha Romanoff: Neither should you.
Clint Barton: I've got a job to do.
Natasha Romanoff: Is that what you're calling this? Killing all these people isn't going to bring your family back.
Natasha Romanoff: We found something. A chance - maybe...
Clint Barton: Don't.
Natasha Romanoff: Don't what?
Clint Barton: Don't give me hope.
Natasha Romanoff: I'm sorry I couldn't give it to you sooner.
Tony Stark: What's wrong with him?
Rocket: He's pissed. He thinks he failed. Which, of course he did, but you know, there's a lot of that going around, ain't there?
James Rhodes: If we can do this, you know, go back in time... why don't we just find baby Thanos, you know, and...
Hulk: Okay, first of all, that's horrible.
James Rhodes: It's Thanos!
Hulk: And secondly, time doesn't work that way. Changing the past doesn't change the future.
Scott Lang: We go back, we get the stones before Thanos gets them, Thanos doesn't have the stones! Problem solved!
Clint Barton: Bingo.
Nebula: That's not how it works!
Clint Barton: Well, that's what I heard.
Hulk: Who told you that?
James Rhodes: Star Trek, Terminator, Timecop, Time After Time...
Scott Lang: Quantum Leap?
James Rhodes: A Wrinkle in Time, Somewhere in Time...
Scott Lang: Hot Tub Time Machine?
James Rhodes: Hot Tub Time Machine, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, basically any movie that deals with time travel!
Scott Lang: Die Hard? No, that's not one...
James Rhodes: Look, this is known!
Hulk: I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true. Think about it. If you go into the past, that past becomes your future, and your former present becomes the past, which can't now be changed by your new future!
Nebula: Exactly!
Scott Lang: So, "Back to the Future"'s a bunch of bullshit?
Tony Stark: He did drop the occasional pearl.
Howard Stark: Such as?
Tony Stark: No amount of money ever bought a second of time.
Frigga: You're not the Thor I know at all, are you?
Thor: Yes, I am.
Frigga: The future hasn't been kind to you, has it?
Thor: I didn't say I was from the future.
Frigga: I was raised by witches, boy. I see with more than eyes and you know that.
Thor: I'm totally from the future.
Tony Stark: Is this thing on? Hey, Ms. Potts. If you find this recording, don't post it on social media. It's gonna be a real tearjerker. I don't know if you're ever gonna see these. I don't even know if you're still... Oh, God, I hope so. Today's day 21? No, uh, 22. You know, if it wasn't for the existential terror of steering into the literal void of space, I'd say I'm feeling a little better today. The infection's run its course thanks to the blue meanie back there. Oh, you would love her. Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic. So, the fuel cells were cracked during battle and we figured out a way to reverse the iron charge, bought ourselves about 48 hours of flight time. Uh, but it's now dead in the water. 1,000 light years from the nearest 7-11. Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning... and that will be it. I know I said no more surprises, but I gotta say, I was really hoping to pull off one last one. But it looks like... well, you know what it looks like. Don't feel bad about this. I'm mean, actually, if you grieve for a couple weeks... and then move on with enormous guilt.
Tony Stark: I should probably lie down for a minute, rest my eyes. Please know, when I drift off and be like everything lately, I'm fine. I'm totally fine. I dream about you. Because it's always you.
Bruce Banner: We'd be going in shorthanded, you know?
James Rhodes: Look, he's still got the Stones, so...
Carol Danvers: So, let's get them. Use them to bring everyone back.
Bruce Banner: Just like that?
Steve Rogers: Yeah, just like that.
Natasha Romanoff: Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who is not in this room, to try.
Bruce Banner: If we do this, how do we know it's going to end any differently than it did before?
Carol Danvers: Because before, you didn't have me.
James Rhodes: Hey, new girl? Everybody in this room is about that superhero life. And, if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?
Carol Danvers: There are a lot of other planets in the universe, and, unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.
Thor: I like this one.
Steve Rogers: Let's go get this son of a bitch.
Tony Stark: It's not about how much we lost. It's about how much we have left. We're the Avengers. We gotta finish this. You trust me?
Steve Rogers: I do.
Steve Rogers: Some people move on. But not us... Not us.
Tony Stark: Go to bed, or I'll sell all your toys.
Happy Hogan: I will buy all the cheeseburgers you want, just to keep that smile on your face.
Steve Rogers: Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends. We lost family. We lost a part of ourselves. Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes. No do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know, that doesn't mean we should know what to expect. Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we're going to win. Whatever it takes. Good luck.
Scott Lang: Hi! Uh, is anyone home? This is Scott Lang. We met a few years ago? At the airport? In Germany? I got really big.
Steve Rogers: Is this an old message?
Scott Lang: Ant-Man? Ant-Man... I know you know wh... I know you know that!
Natasha Romanoff: That's the front gate.
Scott Lang: That's me. Can you buzz me in?
Clint Barton: Under different circumstances, this would be totally awesome.
Peggy Carter: The world has changed. None of us can go back. All we can do is our best. And sometimes the best that we can do... is to start over.
Steve Rogers: On my way down to coordinate search-and-rescue.
Loki: "On my way down to coordinate search-and-rescue!"
Loki: I mean, honestly, how do you even...
Thor: Shut. Up.
James Rhodes: So he's an idiot?
Nebula: Yeah.
Thor: I love you mom.
Frigga: I love you...
Frigga: and eat a salad.
Rocket: C'mon, we gotta go.
Rocket: 3... 2...
Thor: No, wait!
Rocket: What-what am I looking at?
Frigga: Oh, sometimes it takes a second.
Thor: I'm still worthy!
Bruce Banner: Thanks, kids! Haha, dab!
Korg: Thor, he's back. That kid on the TV just called me a dickhead again.
Thor: Noobmaster.
Korg: Yeah, Noobmaster69.
Thor: Noobmaster, hey, it's Thor again. You know, the God of Thunder? Listen, buddy, if you don't log off this game immediately, I am gonna fly over to your house, come down to that basement you're hiding in, rip off your arms and shove them up your butt! Oh, that's right, yes, go cry to your father, you little weasel!
Korg: Thank you, Thor.
Thor: Let me know if he bothers you again, okay?
Korg: Thank you very much, I will.
Steve Rogers: I keep telling everybody they should move on. Some do, but not us.
Tony Stark: Why the long face? Let me guess: he turned into a baby?
Peter Parker: Hey, I'm Peter Parker.
Carol Danvers: Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me?
Peter Parker: How are you going to get it through all that?
Wanda Maximoff: Don't worry.
Okoye: She's got help.
Sam Wilson: Cap?
Old Steve Rogers: Hi, Sam.
Sam Wilson: So did something go wrong, or did something go right?
Old Steve Rogers: Well, after I put the Stones back, I thought... maybe I'll try some of that life that Tony was telling me to get.
Sam Wilson: How'd that work out for you?
Old Steve Rogers: It was beautiful.
Sam Wilson: I'm happy for you. Truly.
Old Steve Rogers: Thank you.
Sam Wilson: Only thing bumming me out is the fact that I have to live in a world without Captain America.
Old Steve Rogers: Oh, that reminds me...
Old Steve Rogers: Try it on.
Old Steve Rogers: How does it feel?
Sam Wilson: Like it's someone else's.
Old Steve Rogers: It isn't.
Sam Wilson: Thank you. I'll do my best.
Old Steve Rogers: That's why it's yours.
Sam Wilson: You wanna tell me about her?
Old Steve Rogers: No. No, I don't think I will.
Thanos: In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you now, what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet... I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.
Steve Rogers: Breakers are set. Emergency generators are on stand-by.
Bruce Banner: Good, because if we blow the grid, I don't wanna lose...
Bruce Banner: Tiny, here, in the 1950s.
Scott Lang: Excuse me?
Natasha Romanoff: He's kidding. You can't say things like that.
Bruce Banner: It... it was just... a bad joke.
Natasha Romanoff: You were kidding, right?
Bruce Banner: I have no idea. We're talking about time travel here. Either, all of it is a joke or none of it is.
Bruce Banner: We're good!
Thor: Do you know what is coursing through my veins right now?
James Rhodes: Cheez Whiz?
Steve Rogers: I'd offer to make you dinner, but you look miserable enough already.
Scott Lang: We have enough Pym particles for one journey each, plus two test runs.
Scott Lang: *One* test run.
Okoye: It turned out to be a subduction under the Pacific plate.
Natasha Romanoff: So how are we handling it?
Okoye: An earthquake under the ocean, we handle it by not handling it.
Clint Barton: Maybe he's making this shit up.
Natasha Romanoff: No, I don't think so.
Clint Barton: Why, because he knows you daddy's name?
Natasha Romanoff: I didn't. Thanos left here with the stone, and without his daughter. It's not a coincidence
Natasha Romanoff: Whatever it takes.
Clint Barton: Whatever it takes.
Clint Barton: This is a long way from Budapest.
Thor: Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Tony Stark: What are you thinking? Maximum occupancy has been reached.
Thor: Take the stairs.
Tony Stark: Yes.
Tony Stark: Stop, stop!
Hulk: Take the stairs. Hate the stairs!
Thanos: The work is done. I won. What I'm about to do, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much!
Steve Rogers: Tony, I don't know...
Tony Stark: Why? He made it for you. Plus, honestly I have to get it out the garage before Morgan takes it sledding.
Steve Rogers: Thank you, Tony.
Tony Stark: Will you keep that a little quiet? Didn't bring one for the whole team.
Natasha Romanoff: See you in a minute.
Tony Stark: I believe the most likely outcome will be our collective demise.
Scott Lang: Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events...
Tony Stark: I'm gonna stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on "Back to the Future?"
Scott Lang: ... No.
Bruce Banner: Time travel!
Bruce Banner: What? I see this as an absolute win.
Tony Stark: You're drifting left. One side, there, Lebowski.
Steve Rogers: Almost everyone in this room has had an encounter with at least one of the six Infinity Stones.
Tony Stark: Or, substitute the word encounter with 'damn near been killed by' one of the six Infinity Stones.
Scott Lang: I haven't. I don't even know what the hell you're all taking about now.
Bruce Banner: Regardless, we only have enough Pym Particles for one round trip each, and these stones have been in a lot of different places throughout history.
Tony Stark: Our history. So, not a lot of convenient spots to drop in.
Clint Barton: Which means we've got to pick our targets.
Tony Stark: Correct.
Tony Stark: Shit!
Morgan Stark: Shit.
Tony Stark: What are you doing up, little miss?
Morgan Stark: Shit.
Tony Stark: No, we don't say that. Only mommy says that. She coined it, it belongs to her.
Morgan Stark: Why are you up?
Tony Stark: Cause I got very important sh*t going on here, what do you think? No. I got, I got something on my mind.
Tony Stark: I got, I got something on my mind.
Morgan Stark: Was it juice pops?
Tony Stark: Sure it was. That's extortion, that's the word. What kind do you want? Great minds think alike. Juice pops, exactly was on my mind.
Steve Rogers: Well, what are we gonna do now?
Tony Stark: You know what, give me a break, Steve. I just got hit in the head with a Hulk.
Scott Lang: You said that we had one shot. This! This was our shot. We shot it, it's shot! Six stones or nothing! Six stones or nothing.
Tony Stark: You're repeating yourself, you know that? You're repeating yourself.
Scott Lang: You're repeating yourself! You're repeating yourself!
Rocket: Oh no...
Steve Rogers: Where are they?
Carol Danvers: Answer the question.
Thanos: The universe required correction. After that, the stones served no purpose beyond temptation.
Bruce Banner: YOU MURDERED TRILLIONS!
Thanos: You should be grateful.
Natasha Romanoff: Where are the Stones?
Thanos: Gone. Reduced to atoms.
Bruce Banner: You used them two days ago!
Thanos: I used the Stones to destroy the Stones. It nearly killed me, but the work is done. It always will be. I am... inevitable.
James Rhodes: We have to tear this place apart. He has to be lying.
Nebula: My father is many things. A liar is not one of them.
Thanos: Ah. Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly...
Rocket: What did you do?
Thor: I went for the head.
Natasha Romanoff: Thanos did what exactly he said he was gonna do. He wiped out 50% of all living creatures.
Clint Barton: You see where you're going. Now let's worry about how you get there.
James Rhodes: Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is the part where all the spikes come out with skeletons on the end of them and everything.
Nebula: What are you talking about?
James Rhodes: When you break into a place called "the temple of the Power Stone" there's gonna be a bunch of booby traps
James Rhodes: Okay, alright, go ahead.
Tony Stark: I couldn't stop him.
Steve Rogers: Neither could I.
Tony Stark: I-I lost the kid.
Steve Rogers: Tony, WE lost.
Thanos: You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life the other half would thrive, but you have shown me... that's impossible. As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.
Tony Stark: Yeah, we're all loads of stubborn.
Thanos: I'm thankful. Because now I know what I must do. I will shred this universe down to its last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one. It is not what is lost but only what it is been given... a grateful universe.
Steve Rogers: Born out of blood.
Thanos: They'll never know. Because you won't be alive to tell them.
Sam Wilson: Hey, Cap, do you read me? Cap, it's Sam. Can you hear me?
Sam Wilson: On your left.
Nebula: Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me. When he worked he talked about his great plan. He even disassembled I wanted to please him. I'd ask "where would we go once this plan was complete?" His answer was always the same... "To the garden."
James Rhodes: That's cute. Thanos has a retirement plan.
Gamora: Tell me something. In the future, what happens to you and me?
Nebula: I tried to kill you... several times... but eventually, we become friends. We become sisters.
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): What you seek lies in front of you. As does what you fear.
Peter Parker: Hi, nice to meet you. I'm - Oh, my god!
Steve Rogers: Alright. We have a plan. Six stones, three teams, one shot. Five years ago we lost. All of us. We lost friends. We lost family. We a part of ourselves. Today we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each, no mistakes, no do overs. Most of us going somewhere we know, that doesn't mean we should know what to expect. Be careful. Lookout for each other. This is the fight of our lives and we're gonna win. Whatever it takes. Good luck.
Rocket: He's pretty good at that.
Scott Lang: Right.
Tony Stark: Ok, you heard the man. Stroke those keys, jolly green.
Bruce Banner: Tractors engaged.
Tony Stark: What's he been doing?
Thor: Absolutely nothing.
Steve Rogers: Where are the stones?
Tony Stark: Somewhere under all this. All I know is he doesn't have them.
Steve Rogers: So we keep it that way.
Thor: You know it's a trap, right?
Tony Stark: Yeah, I don't much care.
Thor: Good. Just as long as we're all in agreement
Thor: Let's kill him properly this time.
Drax: You should fight one another for the honor of leadership.
Nebula: Sounds fair.
Peter Quill: It's not necessary. Okay?
Thor: It's not.
Rocket: I got some blasters unless you guys wanna use knives.
Mantis: Oh, yes. Please use knives.
Drax: Yeah, knives.
Groot: I am Groot.
Thor: Not necessary. There should be no knifing one another. Everybody knows who's in charge.
Peter Quill: Me, right?
Thor: Yes, you. Of course! Of course.
Thor: Of course.
Steve Rogers: So, let's start with the Aether. Thor, what do you know?
Natasha Romanoff: Is he asleep?
James Rhodes: No. I'm pretty sure he's dead.
Thor: Ah, where to start? Um, the Aether. Firstly, not a stone. Someone called it a stone before... it's more of an angry sludge sort of thing so, someone's gonna need to amend that and stop saying that. Here's an interesting story though about the Aether: my grandfather, many years ago, had to hide the stone from the Dark Elves. Scary beings. So Jane, actually, actually, actually Jane is a, is a old flame of mine. Uh, you know she, she stuck her hand inside a rock this one time and, and then the Aether stuck itself inside her, and she became very, very sick and so I had to take her to Asgard which is where I'm from, and we had to try and fix her. We were dating at the time. See I got to, I got to introduce her to my mother who's dead. And um, oh you know and Jane and I aren't even dating anymore so...
Thor: these things happen though you know. Nothing lasts forever. The only thing that...
Tony Stark: Why don't you come and sit down?
Thor: I'm not done. The only thing that is permanent in life is impermanence.
Tony Stark: Eggs? Breakfast?
Thor: No. I'd like a Bloody Mary.
Tony Stark: Thank you, for everything... you've done for this country.
Scott Lang: If you do this and it doesn't work, you're not coming back.
Tony Stark: Thanks for the pep talk, piss-ant.
Scott Lang: It's awesome.
Nebula: Rhodey, careful on re-entry. There's an idiot on the landing zone.
Scott Lang: Oh, God!
James Rhodes: What's up, regular-sized man?
Thanos: Avengers... Unloyal wretches.
Tony Stark: You lose this again, I'm keeping it.
Spider-Man: I got this. I got this. Okay, I don't got this. Help, somebody help!
Captain America: Hey, Queens. Heads up.
Pepper Potts: Hang on. I got you, kid.
Spider-Man: Hey, nice to meet yo- OH, MY GOD!
Thor: Just stop, okay. I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self-pity waiting to be rescued and saved, but I'm fine. Okay, *we're* fine.
Korg: We're good here, mate.
Thor: So whatever it is that you're offering, we're not into it, don't care, couldn't care less. Goodbye.
Bruce Banner: We need you, pal.
Rocket: There's beer on the ship.
Thor: What kind?
Akihiko: Why are you doing this? We never did anything to you.
Clint Barton: You survived. Half the planet didn't. They got Thanos. You get me.
Clint Barton: You're done hurting people.
Akihiko: *We* hurt people?
Akihiko: You're crazy!
Akihiko: Wait! Help me. I'll give you anything. What do you want?
Clint Barton: What I want, you can't give me.
Carol Danvers: I'll head down for recon.
Natasha Romanoff: This is gonna work Steve.
Steve Rogers: I know it will, cause I don't know what I'm gonna do if it doesn't.
Carol Danvers: No satellites, no ships, no armies, no ground defenses of any kind. It's just him.
Nebula: And that's enough.
Falcon: What the hell is this?
Iron Man: Friday, what are they firing at?
Friday: Something just entered the upper atmosphere.
Rocket: Oh, yeah!
Thanos: Lay fire!
Corvus Glaive: But sire, our troops.
Thanos: Just do it!
Lila Barton: Who puts mayo on a hotdog?
Steve Rogers: Okay, we all know our missions. Stay low, keep your eye on the ball.
Steve Rogers: Might want to smash a few things along the way.
Bruce Banner: I think it's gratuitous, but, whatever.
Natasha Romanoff: I used to have nothing. Then I got this. This job... this family. And I was... I was better because of it. And even though... they're gone... I'm still trying to be better.
Steve Rogers: We both need to get a life.
Natasha Romanoff: You first.
Grieving Man: So I, uh... Went on a date the other day. First time in five years, you know? Sit there, dinner... I didn't know what to talk about.
Steve Rogers: What did you talk about?
Grieving Man: Same old crap, you know? How things have changed, and... my job, his job... How much we miss the Mets. Then things get quiet... He cried as they were serving the salads.
Steve Rogers: How about you?
Grieving Man: I cried... just before dessert. But I'm seeing him tomorrow, so...
Steve Rogers: That's great. You did the hardest part. You took the jump, you didn't know where you were gonna come down. And that's it. That's those little brave baby steps you gotta take. To try and become whole again. To try and find purpose. I went in the ice in '45 right after I met the love of my life. Woke up 70 years later. You got to move on. Got to move on. The world is in our hands. It's left to us guys, and we have to do something with it. Otherwise... Thanos should have killed all of us.
Cassie Lang: Dad?
Scott Lang: You're so big!
Hawkeye: Cap, what do you want me to do with this damn thing?
Captain America: Get those stones as far away as possible!
Bruce Banner: No! We need to get them back where they came from.
Iron Man: No way to get them back. Thanos destroyed the Quantum Tunnel.
Ant-Man: Hold on.
Ant-Man: That wasn't our only time machine.
Captain America: Anyone see an ugly, brown van out there?
Valkyrie: Yes, but you're not gonna like where it's parked.
Iron Man: Scott, how long you need to get that thing working?
Ant-Man: Uh, maybe ten minutes.
Captain America: Get it started. We'll get the stones to you!
The Wasp: We're on it, Cap.
Peter Quill: Gamora?
Peter Quill: I thought I lost you.
Peter Quill: Ow!
Gamora: Don't... touch... me!
Peter Quill: Ah!
Peter Quill: You missed the first time... then you got them both the second time.
Clint Barton: Oh, hey, I remember you
Nebula: Father, I have the stones.
Clint Barton: What?
Gamora: Stop!
Nebula: You're betraying us.
Nebula: You don't have to do this.
Nebula: I am - this.
Gamora: No, you're not.
Nebula: See what we'll become.
Gamora: Nebula, listen to her.
Nebula: You can change.
Nebula: He won't let me
Gamora: No!
Tony Stark: You trust me?
Steve Rogers: I do.
Tony Stark: Your call.
Steve Rogers: Here we go.
Spider-Man: Activate "Instant Kill!"
Scott Lang: Guys... I think it worked.
Steve Rogers: Hi, Sam.
Sam Wilson: So did something go wrong or did something go right?
Steve Rogers: Well, after I put the stones back, I thought... maybe I'll... try some of that life Tony was telling me to get.
Sam Wilson: How'd that work out for you?
Steve Rogers: It was beautiful.
Sam Wilson: I'm happy for you. Truly.
Steve Rogers: Thank you.
Sam Wilson: Only thing bumming me out is the fact that I have to live in a world without Captain America.
Steve Rogers: Oh. That reminds me...
Steve Rogers: Try it on.
Steve Rogers: How's it feel?
Sam Wilson: Like it's someone else's.
Steve Rogers: It isn't.
Sam Wilson: Thank you. I'll do my best.
Steve Rogers: That's why it's yours.
Steve Rogers: He's right. That IS America's ass.
Doctor Strange: Is this everyone?
Wong: What, you wanted MORE?
Tony Stark: Turns out resentment is corrosive, and I hate it.
Howard Stark: Let me ask you a question. When your kid was born... were you nervous?
Tony Stark: Wildly. Yeah.
Howard Stark: Did you feel qualified? Like you had any idea how to successfully operate that thing?
Tony Stark: I literally pieced it together as I went along, I thought about what my Dad did, and... My old man, he never met a problem he couldn't solve with a belt. I thought my dad was tough on me. And now, looking back, I just remember the good stuff, you know. He did drop the odd pearl.
Howard Stark: Yeah? Like what?
Tony Stark: "No amount of money ever bought a second of time."
Howard Stark: Smart guy.
Tony Stark: He did his best.
Howard Stark: Let me tell you. That kid's not even here yet, and there's nothing I wouldn't do for him. Good to meet you, Potts.
Tony Stark: Yeah, Howard... Everything's gonna be all right. Thank you for everything you've done for this country.
Valkyrie: So, when can we expect you back?
Thor: Uhhmm... about that...
Valkyrie: Thor. Your people need a king.
Thor: No, they already have one.
Valkyrie: That's funny. You're being serious?
Thor: It's time for me to be who I am rather than who I'm supposed to be. But you, you're a leader. That's who you are.
Valkyrie: You know I'd make a lot of changes around here.
Thor: I'm counting on it. Your Majesty.
Valkyrie: What will you do?
Thor: I'm not sure. For the first time in a thousand years, I... I have no path. I do have a ride, though.
Rocket: Move it or lose it, hairbag.
Tony Stark: Thumbelina, do you copy? I've got eyes on the prize. It is go-time.
Ant-Man: Bombs away.
Ant-Man: Is... is that Axe body spray?
Tony Stark: Yeah, I had a can just for emergencies. Relax. Can we focus, please?
Ant-Man: I'm going inside you. Now.
Natasha Romanoff: See you in a minute.
Steve Rogers: No. No, I don't think I will.
Scott Lang: Hey kid, what the hell happened here?
T'Challa: Clint, give it to me.
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Welcome, Natasha, daughter of Ivan, Clint, son of Edith.
Natasha Romanoff: Who are you?
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Consider me a guide. To you, and to all who seek the soul stone.
Natasha Romanoff: Oh, good. Tell us where it is, then we'll be on our way.
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): Ah, lieschen. If only it were that easy
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): What you seek lies in front of you. As does that which you fear.
Natasha Romanoff: The stone's down there.
Red Skull (Stonekeeper): For one of you. For the other, in order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love. An everlasting exchange. A soul for a soul.
Thanos: Where's Nebula?
Corvus Glaive: She's not responding.
Ebony Maw: Sire!
Black Panther: Clint! Give it to me.
Scarlet Witch: You took everything from me.
Thanos: I don't even know who you are.
Scarlet Witch: You will.
Spider-Man: I got it!
Spider-Man: Activate "Instant Kill!"
Nebula: Thanos found the Soul Stone on Vormir.
Natasha Romanoff: What is Vormir?
Nebula: A dominion of death, at the very center of celestial existence. It's where Thanos murdered my sister.
Scott Lang: Not it.
Clint Barton: Okay, hold on. Don't shoot.
Thor: So you guys want a drink? What are you drinking? We have beer, tequila, all sorts of things.
Bruce Banner: Buddy, you all right?
Thor: Yes, I'm fine! Why, don't I look all right?
Rocket: You look like melted ice cream.
Gamora: What did you do to them?
Thanos: Nothing. Yet. They're not trying to stop something I'm going to do in our time. They're trying to undo something I've already done in theirs.
Gamora: The stones.
Thanos: I found them all. I won. Tipped the cosmic scales to balance.
Ebony Maw: This is your future.
Thanos: It's my destiny.
Nebula: My father is many things. A liar is not one of them.
Thanos: Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly.
Thanos: And that is destiny fulfilled.
Thanos: I will shred this universe down to its last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost, but only what it has been given. A grateful universe.
Captain America: Born out of blood.
Thanos: They'll never know it. Because you won't be alive to tell them.
Ant-Man: Who are these guys?
Tony Stark: They are S.H.I.E.L.D. Well, actually HYDRA, but we didn't know that yet.
Ant-Man: Seriously? You didn't? I mean, they look like bad guys.
Tony Stark: You're small, but you're talking loud?
Tony Stark: Hey, you said one out of fourteen million, we win, right? Tell me this is it.
Doctor Strange: If I tell you what happens, it won't happen.
Tony Stark: You better be right.
Rocket: BOOM!
Hulk: Everybody comes home.
Thor: I knew it!
Rocket: Hey, Humie. Where's Big Green?
Scott Lang: The kitchen, I think.
Scott Lang: That's awesome.
Nebula: Rhodey, careful on re-entry. There's an idiot in the landing zone.
Scott Lang: Oh, God.
James Rhodes: What's up, Regular-Sized Man?
Thor: So, you guys want a drink? What are we drinking? I've got beer, tequila, all sorts of things.
Bruce Banner: Buddy, you all right?
Thor: Yes, I'm fine. Why? Why, don't I look all right?
Rocket: You look like melted ice cream.
Thor: So, what's up? You just here for a hang, or what?
Bruce Banner: We need your help.
Thor: Mm.
Bruce Banner: There might be a chance we could fix everything.
Thor: What, like the cable?
Thor: 'Cause that's been driving me bananas for weeks.
Bruce Banner: Like Thanos.
Thor: Don't say that name.
Korg: Um, yeah, we don't actually say that name in here.
Bruce Banner: Please take your hand off me.
Bruce Banner: Now, I know that... guy... might scare you.
Thor: Why would I be...?
Thor: Why would I be scared of that guy? I'm the one who killed that guy, remember?
Bruce Banner: Hmm.
Thor: Anyone else here kill that guy?
Thor: Nope. Didn't think so. Korg, why don't you, uh, tell everybody who chopped Thanos' big head off?
Korg: Um, Stormbreaker?
Thor: Who was swinging Stormbreaker?
Bruce Banner: I get it. You're in a rough spot, okay? I've been there myself. And you want to know who helped me out of it?
Thor: Was it Natasha?
Bruce Banner: It was you. You helped me.
Thor: So, why don't you ask... the Asgardians down there... how much my help is worth?
Thor: The ones that are left, anyway.
Bruce Banner: I think we could bring them back.
Thor: Stop. Stop, okay? I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self-pity, waiting to be rescued and, and saved, but I'm fine, okay. We're fine, aren't we?
Korg: Oh, we're good here, mate.
Thor: So, whatever it is that you're offering, we're not into it. Don't care. Couldn't care less. Goodbye.
Bruce Banner: We need you, pal.
Rocket: There's beer on the ship.
Thor: What kind?
Black Widow: Thanos left here with the Stone, without his daughter. That's not a coincidence.
Hawkeye: Yeah.
Black Widow: Whatever it takes.
Hawkeye: Whatever it takes.
Doctor Strange: Is that everyone?
Wong: What, you wanted more?
Captain America: Avengers...
Captain America: ... Assemble.
Nebula: Barton, come in. Romanoff, come in, we have a problem. Come in, we have a prob- Thanos knows.
Tony Stark: Do we know if she had family?
Steve Rogers: Yeah. Us.
Rocket: Kind of a step down from the golden palaces and the magic hammers and whatnot.
Bruce Banner: Hey, have a little compassion, pal. First, they lost Asgard, then half their people. They're probably just happy to have a home.
Valkyrie: You shouldn't have come.
Bruce Banner: Ah! Valkyrie! Great to see you, angry girl!
Valkyrie: I think I liked you better either of the other ways.
Bruce Banner: This is Rocket.
Rocket: How ya doin'?
Valkyrie: He won't see you.
Bruce Banner: It's that bad, huh?
Valkyrie: We only see him once a month when he comes in for...
Valkyrie: ...supplies.
Bruce Banner: It's that bad.
Valkyrie: Yeah.
Rocket: What the...?
Rocket: Whew! Something died in here!
Bruce Banner: Hello? Thor?
Thor: Are you here about the cable? The Cinemax went out two weeks ago, and the sports are all fuzzy and, uh, whatnot.
Bruce Banner: Thor?
Thor: Boys! Oh my God!
Thor: Oh my God, it's so good to see you!
Thor: Come here, cuddly little rascal.
Rocket: Yeah, no, I'm good. I'm good. That's not necessary.
Thor: Hulk, you know my friends Miek and Korg, right?
Korg: Hey, boys!
Bruce Banner: Hey guys. Long time no see.
Korg: Beer's in the bucket. Feel free to log on to the wi-fi. No password, obviously.
Korg: Thor, he's back. That kid on the TV just called me a dickhead again.
Thor: Noobmaster.
Korg: Yeah, Noobmaster69 called me a dickhead.
Thor: I am sick of this.
Thor: Noobmaster, hey, it's Thor again. You know, the God of Thunder. Listen, bud, if you don't log off this game immediately, I am gonna fly over to your house, come down to that basement you're hiding in, rip off your arms, and shove them up your butt! Oh, that's right? Yes. Go cry to your father, you little weasel.
Korg: Thank you, Thor.
Thor: Let me know if he bothers you again, okay?
Korg: Thank you very much. I will.
Tony Stark: I couldn't stop him.
Steve Rogers: Neither could I.
Tony Stark: I lost the kid.
Steve Rogers: Tony, *we* lost.
Tony Stark: Is, uh-?
Tony Stark: Oh, good.
Pepper Potts: Oh, my god.
Pepper Potts: Oh, my god.
Tony Stark: It's alright.
Hawkeye: We're a long way from Budapest.
Nebula: I wasn't always like this.
War Machine: Me either. But we work with what we got, right?
Nebula: I try to kill you. Several times. But eventually, we become friends. We become sisters.
Gamora: Come on. We can stop him.
Rocket: I can't breathe! I can't breathe! I can't breathe!
James Rhodes: Canopy, canopy, canopy!
Hulk: Rhodey! Rocket! Get outta here!
Rocket: Let me out! Come on!
Star-Lord: Gamora?
Star-Lord: I thought I lost you.
Gamora: Don't... touch... me!
Star-Lord: You missed the first time... then you got both the second time.
Gamora: This is the one? Seriously?
Nebula: The choices were him or a tree.
Thanos: Rain fire!
Corvus Glaive: But sire, our troops...
Thanos: Just do it!
Pepper Potts: Uh, is anyone else seeing this?
Captain America: Danvers, we need an assist here.
Spider-Man: Hi, I'm Peter Parker.
Captain Marvel: Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me?
Spider-Man: I don't know how you're gonna get it through all that.
Scarlet Witch: Don't worry.
Okoye: She's got help.
Wanda Maximoff: You took everything from me!
Thanos: I don't even know who you are
Clint Barton: You know I wish there was a way that I could let her know. That we won, we did it.
Wanda Maximoff: She knows.
Wanda Maximoff: They both do.
Korg: Hey brov, do you think IMDb even checks any of the movie 'quotes' they pass through on their own website?
Steve Rogers: No. No I don't think they do.
Bucky Barnes: Who is the hell is IMDb?
Peter Quill: Why don't we try testing them? But instead we'll make it my idea. That way it doesn't suck.
Tony Stark: Not a great plan.
T'Challa: I just contacted them. They said, 'No no. We don't do that here.' So get this quote an approval.
Thanos: I could do all that with a snap of the fingers. And don't listen to what Deadpool has been telling people. I am NOT a racist.
Tony Stark: I love you 3000.
Rocket: What did you do?
Thor: I went for the head.
Tony Stark: Hey, you said one out of fourteen million, we'd win, yeah? Tell me this is it.
Doctor Strange: If I tell you what happens, it won't happen.
Steve Rogers: I can do this all day.
Steve Rogers: Yeah, I know.
Thor: I knew it!
Steve Rogers: You've got to be shitting me.
Tony Stark: I love you three thousand.
Clint Barton: Tell my family I love them.
Natasha Romanoff: You tell them yourself.
Thor: Mother, I have to tell you something...
Frigga: No, son, you don't. You're here to repair your future - not mine.
Thanos: I am... inevitable.
Tony Stark: And I... am... Iron Man!
Peter Quill: Gamora? I thought I lost you.
Gamora: This is the one? Really?
Nebula: It was either him or the tree.
Peter Parker: Hey! Holy cow! You will not believe what's been going on. Do you remember when we were in space? And I got all dusty? And I must've passed out because I woke up and you were gone. But Doctor Strange was there right. And he said 'It's been five years. Come on, they need us.' And he started doing the yellow sparkly thing that he does. Anyway...
Peter Parker: This is nice.
Thanos: I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive, but you have shown me... that's impossible. As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those, that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.
Bruce Banner: You saw what those stones did to Thanos, they almost killed him. None of you could survive.
Steve Rogers: How do we know you will?
Bruce Banner: You don't. But the radiation's mostly gamma. It's like I was made for this.
Frigga: Everyone fails at who they're supposed to be, Thor. The measure of a person, of a hero, is how well they succeed at being who they are.
Doctor Strange: Is that everyone?
Wong: What, you wanted more?
Peter Parker: Mr. Stark. Hey, Mr. Stark?
Peter Parker: Can you hear me? It's Peter. Hey... we won. Mr. Stark. We won, Mr. Stark. We won, you did it, sir, you did it.
Peter Parker: I'm sorry, Tony.
Steve Rogers: We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now - through face scans and satellites, so far we've got nothing. Tony, you fought him...
Tony Stark: What are you talking about? I didn't fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while the wizard gave away the store. That's what happened, there's no fight...
Steve Rogers: Okay, did he give you any clues, any coordinates?
Tony Stark: I saw this coming a few years back, I had a vision, but I didn't want to believe it. Now it's true.
Steve Rogers: Tony, I'm going to need you to focus...
Tony Stark: I *needed* you, as in past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late, buddy. Sorry. You know what I need? You know what I need? I need a shave. I don't believe I ever remember telling you this...
James Rhodes: Tony, Tony...
Tony Stark: What we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that? Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not, that's what we needed!
Steve Rogers: Well, that didn't work out, did it?
Tony Stark: I said we'd lose. You said, "we'll do that together too." Guess what, Cap? We *lost,* and you weren't there. But that's what we do, right? Our best work after the fact? We're the *Avengers?* Not the Prevengers, right?
James Rhodes: Okay, you made your point, Just sit down, okay?
Tony Stark: No, no, here's my biggest point, he said...
James Rhodes: Just sit down, okay? We need you, you're new blood.
Tony Stark: Bunch of tired old wheels! I got nothin' for you, Cap! I've got no coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options! Zero, zip, nada. No trust - liar.
Tony Stark: Here, take this. You'll find him, if you put that on. You hide -
Clint Barton: We can't bring her back.
Thor: I'm sorry, no offence, but you're a very earthly being, okay, and we're talking about space magic. It can seem very difficult...
Clint Barton: Yeah, look, I know I'm way outside my pay rate here, but she's still dead, isn't she? It *can't* be undone! Or, at least that's what the red floating guy had to say! Maybe you ought to go talk to him! Okay, go grab your hammer, and you find and talk to him! It was supposed to be me. Sacrificed her life for that goddamned stone, she put her life on it.
Bruce Banner: She's not coming back. We have to make it worth it. We have to.
Steve Rogers: We will
Natasha Romanoff: Where have you been?
James Rhodes: Mexico. The Federales found a room full of bodies. Looks like a bunch of cartel guys - never even had a chance to get their guns out.
Natasha Romanoff: It's probably a rival gang.
James Rhodes: Except that it isn't. It's definitely Barton. What he's done here, what he's been doing, for the last few years - if you'd seen what he's left - I gotta tell you, there's a part of me that doesn't even want to find him.
Natasha Romanoff: Will you find where he goes next?
James Rhodes: Nat...
Natasha Romanoff: Please?
Thor: Let's kill him properly this time.
Thanos: I will shred this universe down to it's last atom and then, with the stones you've collected for me, create a new one. It is not what is lost but only what it is been given... a grateful universe.
Thor: You take the small one.
Clint Barton: Damn you!
Natasha Romanoff: Let me go.
Clint Barton: No. Please don't.
Natasha Romanoff: It's okay.
Clint Barton: Nat!
Thor: Look, sitting there staring at that going is not going to bring everybody back. I'm the strongest avenger, okay, so this responsibility falls upon me. It's my duty.
Tony Stark: No, no, listen...
Thor: Let me! Let me do it. Let me do something good, something right.
Tony Stark: No, it's not just the fact that that glove's channeling enough energy to char a continent. I'm telling you, you're in no condition to.
Tony Stark: Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck's scale, which then triggers the Doidge proposition. Can we agree on that? In layman's terms, it means, you are not coming home.
Scott Lang: I did.
Tony Stark: No, you accidentally survived. It's an billion-in-one cosmic fluke. Now you want to pull out... what you call it?
Scott Lang: A time heist.
Tony Stark: Yeah, a time heist. Of course. Why didn't I think of this before? Oh, because it's laughable, 'cos it's pipe dream.
Steve Rogers: The stones are in the past. We could go back, we could get them.
Natasha Romanoff: We can snap our own fingers. We can bring everybody back.
Tony Stark: Or screw up worse than he already has, right.
Steve Rogers: I don't believe we would.
Tony Stark: Got to say that sometimes you miss that giddy optimism. However, high hopes won't help, if there is no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute the said, time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise.
Scott Lang: Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. I mean, no talking to our past-selves, no betting on sporting events...
Tony Stark: I'm going to stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on, 'Back to Future?'
Scott Lang: No.
Tony Stark: Good, you got me worried there. 'cos that would be horse shit. That's not how Quantum Physics works.
Natasha Romanoff: Tony, we have to take a stand.
Tony Stark: We did stand and yet here we are.
Scott Lang: I know you got a lot on the line. Your wife, your daughter. But I lost someone very important to me. A lot of people dead and now, now... we have a chance to bring her back, bring everyone back and you're telling me...
Tony Stark: ...leave it. I can't.
Pepper Potts: Tony, look at me. We're gonna be okay. You can rest now.
Thor: Well, the Asgardians of the Galaxy back together again.
Bruce Banner: I'm looking for Dr. Strange.
The Ancient One: You're five years early.
Sam Wilson: Sam: On your left.
Clint Barton: You know, I wish there is a way that I can let her know... that we won, we did it.
Wanda Maximoff: She knows... they both do.
Bruce Banner: Clint, where's Nat?
Thor: No, give me that.
Thor: You have the little one.
Scott Lang: Guys... I think it worked.
Tony Stark: Scott, how long do you need to get that thing working?
Scott Lang: Maybe ten minutes.
Steve Rogers: Get it started. We'll bring the stones to you.
Hope van Dyne: We're on it, Cap.
Thanos: In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you, now... what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.
Natasha Romanoff: Let me go.
Clint Barton: No. No, please, no.
Natasha Romanoff: It's okay.
Clint Barton: Please.
Clint Barton: NO!
The Ancient One: I'd be careful going that way, we just had the floors waxed.
Hulk: Hey, I'm looking for Doctor Strange.
The Ancient One: You're about... 5 years too early. Stephen Strange is currently performing surgery 20 blocks that way. What do you want from him?
Hulk: That, actually.
The Ancient One: Ahh! I'm afraid not.
Hulk: Sorry, but I wasn't asking.
The Ancient One: You don't want to do this.
Hulk: Ah, you're right, I don't. But I need that stone and I don't have time to b...
The Ancient One: Let's start over, shall we?
James Rhodes: When you break into a place called 'the temple of the palace' there's usually a bunch of booby traps, but hey, whatever, go ahead.
Natasha Romanoff: Have any of you guys ever studied Quantum Physics?
Natasha Romanoff: Only in conversation.
Scott Lang: Alright, five years ago, right before Thanos, I was in a place called Quantum Realm. The Quantum Realm is like its own microscopic universe. To get in there, you have to be incredibly small. Hope, she is my ah... she was my ah... she was supposed to pull me out and then Thanos happened and I got stuck in there.
Natasha Romanoff: Sorry, that must have been a very long five years.
Scott Lang: It wasn't. For me, it was five hours. See, the rules of Quantum realm aren't like they are up here. Everything is unpredictable. Is that anybody's sandwich? I am starving.
Steve Rogers: Scott, what are you talking about?
Scott Lang: What I am saing is... Time works differently in the Quantum Realm. I can't stop thinking about what if we could control the chaos and we could navigate it. What if there was a way we could enter the Quantum realm at a certain point in time, but then exit the Quantum realm at another point in time, like before Thanos.
Steve Rogers: Wait, are you talking about a time machine?
Scott Lang: No, of course not, not a time machine. This is more like a... yeah, like a time machine. I know it's crazy, it's crazy but I can't stop thinking about it. There is got to be some... it's crazy.
Natasha Romanoff: Scott, I get emails from so nothing sounds crazy anymore.
Scott Lang: So, who do we talk to about this?
Bruce Banner: Please, please, please...
The Ancient One: I'm sorry, I can't help you, Bruce. If I give up the time stone to help your reality, I'm dooming my own.
Bruce Banner: With all due respect, I'm not sure that science really supports that.
The Ancient One: The Infinity stones create what you experience as the flow of time. Remove one stone and that flow splits. Now, this may benefit your reality but my new one, not so much. In this new branched reality, without our chief weapon against the forces of darkness, our world will be over run. Millions will suffer. So, tell me Doctor, can your science prevent all that?
Bruce Banner: No, but we can erase it. Because once we are done with the stones, we can return each one to it's own time line at the moment it was taken. So, chronologically, in that reality, they never left.
The Ancient One: But you are leaving out the most important part. In order to return the stones, you have to survive.
Bruce Banner: We will, I will. I promise.
The Ancient One: I can't risk this reality on a promise. It is the duty of the Sorcerer Supreme to protect the time stone.
Bruce Banner: Then, why the hell did Strange give it away?
The Ancient One: What did you say?
Bruce Banner: Strange, he gave it away. He gave it to Thanos.
The Ancient One: Willingly?
Bruce Banner: Yes.
The Ancient One: Why?
Bruce Banner: I have no idea. Maybe he made a mistake.
The Ancient One: Or, I did. Strange was meant to be the best of us.
Bruce Banner: So he must have done it for a reason?
The Ancient One: I fear you might be right.
Bruce Banner: . Thank you.
The Ancient One: I am counting on you, Bruce. We all are.     