
FBI Technician: What's "Forget about it"?
Donnie Brasco: "
Donnie Brasco: Forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "Raquel Welch is one great piece of ass. Forget about it!" But then, if you disagree, like "A Lincoln is better than a Cadillac? Forget about it!" You know? But then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "Minghia! Those peppers! Forget about it!" But it's also like saying "Go to hell!" too. Like, you know, like "Hey Paulie, you got a one-inch pecker?" and Paulie says "Forget about it!" Sometimes it just means "Forget about it."
Lefty: There's the boss. And, under him, there's the skipper. You know how this works?
Donnie Brasco: Yeah, it's like in the army.
Lefty: Bullshit. The army is some guy you don't know telling you to go whack some other guy you don't know.
Lefty: A wise guy's always right; even when he's wrong, he's right.
Donnie Brasco: You think I'm a rat...?
Lefty: How many times have I had you in my house? If you're a rat, then I'm the biggest mutt in the history of the Mafia.
Lefty: When I introduce you, I'm gonna say, "This is a friend of mine." That means you're a connected guy. Now if I said instead, this is a friend of ours that would mean you a made guy. A Capiche?
Sonny Black: How can John Wayne die?
Lefty: Fuckin' Indians got him.
Lefty: When they send for you, you go in alive, you come out dead, and it's your best friend that does it.
Lefty: And listen to me, if Donnie calls... , tell him... if it was gonna be anyone, I'm glad it was him. All right?
Lefty: Punch of salt.
Donnie Brasco: Punch?
Lefty: Punch. Punch of salt.
Donnie Brasco: Punch or pinch?
Lefty: Punch, punch. Not pinch. What'd I say? I say pinch?
Donnie Brasco: Nah, you said... you said punch.
Lefty: Sometimes you don't make no fuckin' sense, Donnie.
Donnie Brasco: If I come out alive, this guy, Lefty, ends up dead. That's the same thing as me putting the bullet in his head myself.
Jilly: Look, Left, I said I knew him. I didn't say I fucked him.
Joe Pistone: All my life I've tried to be the good guy, the guy in the white fucking hat. And for what? For nothing. I'm not becoming like them; I am them.
Maggie Pistone: God, why do you hate me when I love you so much?
Donnie Brasco: You think I hate you? I don't hate you. This job is eating me alive. I can't breathe anymore. And if I come out, this guy Lefty dies. They're gonna kill him because he vouched for me. Because he stood up for me. I live with that every day. That's the same thing if I put the bullet through his head myself, you understand? I spend all these years trying to be the good guy, you know? The man in the white fuckin' hat. For what? For nuthin'. I'm not becoming like them, Maggie, I am them.
Japanese Waiter: Take your shoes off.
Joe Pistone: Take my shoes off? You take your pants off, what the fuck.
Lefty: Who the fuck am I? Who am I? I'm a, a spoke on a wheel. And so was he, and so are you.
Donnie Brasco: Twenty years you know a guy, you fuckin' whack him out just like that over a lounge? That's beautiful.
Lefty: A guy like you don't touch a made guy, you know what I did yesterday? I went in front of the skippers, I'm going on the record with you, nobody can touch you now, I'm your man, Jesus Christ couldn't touch you because I represent you, keep your nose clean, be a good earner follow the rules, and who knows? Maybe one day they open the books you get straightened out, become a wise guy, a made guy, I'd die with you Donnie.
Lefty: Why'd you pay for that drink? A wiseguy never pays for his drinks.
Donnie Brasco: Fuckin' asshole, he grabbed my cock!
Lefty: You're gonna walk out on me? You don't walk out on me. I walk out on you.
Sonny Black: You know what we do when we find that rat, right, Lefty?
Lefty: 'Could be I found him already.
Lefty: I got cancer of the prick.
Lefty: Whackin' the boss... another thing I get left out of.
Lefty: If anything should happen to me... make sure Annette gets the car.
Sonny Black: You guys think this funny, I'm a skipper now, I got to answer, fifty grand month, kick up to Rusty, every month, one day I'm going to die and I'm going to be here in the same bar with all the same fucking guys, talking about the same fucking scams, never amount to nothing, cause that's how I'll know I'll be sent to fucking hell
Lefty: In all the five boroughs, I'm known, forget about it, I'm known all over the fucking world, anybody asks about Lefty from Mulberry Street, you're pissing up the world fucking street my friend
Nicky: C'mon Donnie, let's fillet this fat fuck.
Lefty Ruggiero: Anywhere you go, all around the world, all the best cooks are men.
Donnie Brasco: Donnie Brasco: forget about it...
Lefty: I think I just shit my pants.
Sonny Black: Hey, will you fuckin' stop that?
Lefty: How am I gonna get this thing open?
Lefty: Open Sesame!
Nicky: The good news is, my dick is now a popsicle!
Donnie Brasco: I bet you can't get through breakfast without saying three words
Daughter: You lose!
Lefty: I'm tellin' ya, Donnie... nothin' but nothin' but right.
Lefty: Forget about it...
Lefty Ruggiero: Thirty years I'm busting my hump. What have I got?
Lefty: Whose dat guy?
Nicky: That's Donnie, Don da'jeweler.
Donnie Brasco: Hey Richie, what are you trying to do, get me killed with that fucking suit?
Richard 'Richie' Gazzo: What?
Donnie Brasco: That fucking car, purple fucking car. Don't say the word plotz, you understand?
Richard 'Richie' Gazzo: Yeah, yeah.
Lefty: She's a good woman, Annette. One broad, that's enough for anyone.
Tim Curley: to Maggie, in her home, Standard procedure is that he has to check in with us every day, he might miss a day or two here and there, it was three weeks ago, we can't tell you because we don't know, there's war going on in the mafia family where Joe is undercover, three leaders of a rival faction have been murdered, he's right in the line of fire, not because he's one of us because he's one of them, who he's close to, they're all the top dogs now, it's not a problem we anticipated, we have got to pull him out
Lefty Ruggiero: ain't the question.
Lefty: I never hear from my boss until he dies, then my whole life gets turned upside down!
Sonny Black: I like it. I like it big time!
Nicky: Look at this hand. This ain't a hand. This is a fuckin deformed Creature from the Black fuckin Lagoon's claw I got here.
Maggie Pistone: Joe... It's over, honey. Come on, come home.
Lefty Ruggiero: Twenty six guys I clipped.
Lefty Ruggiero: Do I get upped? No, they pass me by!
Donnie Brasco: You know something?
Donnie Brasco: I got him. I got my hooks in the guy.
Lefty: You're calling me a dumbski? You know who you're talking to? Lefty from Mulberry Street!
Donnie Brasco: If I say you're a friend of mine, that means you're connected. If I say you're a friend of ours, that means you're a made guy. If I introduce you, I'm responsible for you. Anything wrong with you, I go down.
Donnie Brasco: Did you know there used to be falcons in New York?
Lefty: They got everything in this fucking city.
Donnie Brasco: Peregrine falcons. They lived across the river.
Lefty: In Queens?
Donnie Brasco: In the Palisades
Lefty: The Palisades is in Jersey, Donnie.
Donnie Brasco: I'm saying that's why there's so many pigeons now. The falcons used to hunt 'em and kill 'em off.
Lefty: I love these fuckin' pigeons. I'd die before I'd let anybody touch these pigeons.
Donnie Brasco: These falcons could read a newspaper from a mile up.
Lefty: A bird could read a newspaper?
Donnie Brasco: I'm saying their eyesight.     