
Verbal: After that my guess is that you will never hear from him again. The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist. And like that... he is gone.
Dave Kujan: Do you believe in him, Verbal?
Verbal: Keaton always said, "I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him." Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser Soze.
Kobayashi: One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.
Verbal: Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him, but to hear Kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for Soze. You never knew. That was his power. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. And like that, poof. He's gone.
Interrogation Cop: Number 1, step forward.
Hockney: Hand me the keys, you fucking cocksucker.
Interrogation Cop: Number 2, step forward.
McManus: Give me the fucking keys, you fucking cocksucking motherfucker, aaarrrghh.
Interrogation Cop: Knock it off. Get back. Number 3, step forward.
Fenster: Hand me the keys, you cocksucker.
Interrogation Cop: In English, please?
Fenster: Excuse me?
Interrogation Cop: In English.
Fenster: Hand me the fucking keys, you cocksucker, what the fuck?
Verbal: How do you shoot the devil in the back? What if you miss?
Verbal: A man can convince anyone he's somebody else, but never himself.
Arkosh Kovash: Why are you just standing there, you idiot? I'm not speaking English am I? Wouldn't it make sense to find someone who could talk to me so you could find the person that set me on fire, perhaps? He is the Devil. You've never seen anyone like Keyser Soze in all your miserable life, you idiot. Keyser Soze. Do you at least understand that? Keyser Soze. The Devil himself. Or are you American policemen so stupid that you haven't even heard of him? Keyser Soze, you ridiculous man. KEYSER SOZE.
Interrogation Cop: You know what happens if you do another turn in the joint?
Hockney: Fuck your father in the shower and then have a snack? Are you going to charge me dickhead?
Hockney: What about it, pretzel man? What's your story?
Keaton: His name's Verbal. Verbal Kint.
McManus: Verbal?
Keaton: Yeah.
Verbal: 'Roger', really. People say I talk too much.
Hockney: Yeah, I was just gonna tell you to shut up.
Fenster: You do some time, they never let you go. They treat me like a criminal. I'll end up a criminal.
Hockney: You are a criminal.
Fenster: Why you gotta go and do that? I'm trying to make a point.
Keyser Soze: How you doing Keaton?
Keaton: I can't feel my legs... Keyser.
Verbal: Then he showed those men of will what will really was.
Interrogation Cop: I can put you in Queens on the night of the hijacking.
Hockney: Really? I live in Queens. Did you put that together yourself, Einstein? What, do you got a team of monkeys working around the clock on this?
Dave Kujan: First day on the job, you know what I learned? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. You put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever's sleeping is your man. You see, if you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest, you let your guard down.
Fenster: Man, I had a finger up my asshole tonight.
Hockney: Is it Friday already?
Verbal: Who is Keyser Soze?
Verbal: It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I mean the Devil himself. How do you shoot the Devil in the back? What if you miss?
Verbal: What the cops never figured out, and what I know now, was that these men would never break, never lie down, never bend over for anybody. Anybody.
McManus: Old McDonald had a farm ee i ee i o. And on that farm he shot some guys. Badda boom badda bing bang boom.
Verbal: Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala, we used to make fresh coffee, right off the trees I mean. That was good. This is shit but, hey, I'm in a police station.
Verbal: Where's your head, Agent Kujan? Where do you think the pressure's coming from? Keyser Soze - or whatever you want to call him - he knows where I am right now. He's got the front burner under your ass to let me go so he can scoop me up ten minutes later. Immunity was just a deal with you assholes. I got a whole new problem when I post bail.
Dave Kujan: So why play into his hands? We can protect you.
Verbal: Oh, gee, thanks, Dave. Bang-up job so far. Extortion, coercion. You'll pardon me if I ask you to kiss my pucker. The same fuckers that rounded us up and sank us into this mess are gonna bail me out? Fuck you. You think you can catch Keyser Soze? You think a guy like that comes this close to getting caught and sticks his head out? If he comes up for anything, it will be to get rid of me. After that... my guess is you'll never hear from him again.
cop: Todd Hockney?
Hockney: Who wants to know?
cop: New York Police Department.
cop: Shit! Freeze! Hold it!
Hockney: You sure you brought enough guys?
Verbal: He lets the last Hungarian go. He waits until his wife and kids are in the ground and then he goes after the rest of the mob. He kills their kids, he kills their wives, he kills their parents and their parents' friends. He burns down the houses they live in and the stores they work in, he kills people that owe them money. And like that he was gone. Underground. Nobody has ever seen him since. He becomes a myth, a spook story that criminals tell their kids at night. "Rat on your pop, and Keyser Soze will get you." And no-one ever really believes.
Verbal: And like that... he's gone.
Dave Kujan: You know a dealer named Ruby Deamer, Verbal?
Verbal: You know a religious guy named John Paul?
Dave Kujan: You know Ruby's in Attica?
Verbal: He didn't have my lawyer.
Verbal: If I told you the Loch Ness monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say?
Verbal: Fuckin' cops!
Verbal: To a cop the explanation is never that complicated. It's always simple. There's no mystery to the street, no arch criminal behind it all. If you got a dead body and you think his brother did it, you're gonna find out you're right.
Keaton: I'm a businessman now.
Interrogation Cop: Yeah? What's that, the restaurant business? No. From now on, you're in the gettin'-fucked-by-us business.
Verbal: That guy is tense. Tension is a killer. I used to be in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois. The baritone was this guy named Kip Diskin, big fat guy, I mean, like, orca fat. He was so stressed in the morning...
Dave Kujan: Verbal, you know we're trying to help you.
Verbal: Sure, and I appreciate that. And I wanna help you, Agent Kujan. I like cops. I would've liked to have been a fed myself, but my CP...
Dave Kujan: Verbal, you're not telling us everything. I know you know something.
Verbal: I told the DA everything I know.
Dave Kujan: Verbal, I know you like Keaton. I know you think he's a good man.
Verbal: I know he was good.
Dave Kujan: He was a corrupt cop.
Verbal: Sure, 15 years ago, but he was a good thief. Anyway, the cops wouldn't let him go legit.
Dave Kujan: Dean Keaton was a piece of shit.
Verbal: Are you trying to get a rise out of me, Agent Kujan?
Dave Kujan: I just wanna hear your story.
Verbal: It's all there. May I have a cigarette?
Keaton: This whole thing was a shakedown.
McManus: What makes you say that?
Keaton: How many times you been in a lineup? It's always you and four dummies. PD are paying homeless guys $10 a head half the time. And there's no way they'd line five felons in the same row. No way. And what's a - What's a voice lineup? Public defender could get you out of that one.
Jack Baer, FBI: They tell me you got the cripple from New York in there. He mention Keyser Soze?
Dave Kujan: Who?
Jack Baer, FBI: Bear with me here...
Dave Kujan: Who's Keyser Soze?
Verbal: Ohhh, fuck!
Dave Kujan: Keaton was Keyser Söze!
Verbal: Noo!
Dave Kujan: The kind of man who can wrangle the wills of men like Hawkney and McManus. The kind of man who could engineer a police line-up, for all these years of contacts in NYPD. The kind of man who could kill Edie Finneran.
Dave Kujan: She was found yesterday in a hotel in Pennsylvania, shot twice in the head.
Jeff Rabin: I'm telling you this guy is protected from up on high by the Prince of Darkness.
Fenster: The way I hear it, Soze is some kind of butcher. A peerless, psycho, fucked-up butcher.
Arturro Marquez: He's here! I *know* he's here! That's him, I'm telling you that's him! You hear me? I'm telling you it's *Keyser Soze*!
McManus: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Oswald was a fag.
Verbal: McManus came to us with the job, Fenster got the vans, Hockney supplied the hardware, I came through with how to do it so no one got killed, but Keaton... Keaton put on the finishing touch. A little 'fuck you' from the five of us to the NYPD.
Kobayashi: Mr. Redfoot knew nothing. Mr. Soze rarely works with the same people for very long, and they never know who they're working for. One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.
Fenster: So why are you telling us?
Kobayashi: Because you have stolen from Mr.Soze, Mr Fenster. All of you. That you did not know you stole from him is the only reason you are still alive. He feels you owe him. You will repay your debt.
Hockney: All right, fuck the debt. And fuck you! How do we know you work for Soze?
Kobayashi: I don't think that is very relevant, Mr Hockney. All five of you are responsible for the murder of Saul Berg and his bodyguards. Mr. Redfoot can testify to your involvement, and we can see to it that he will.
Verbal: It didn't make sense that I'd be there. I mean, these guys were hard-core hijackers, but there I was. At that point I wasn't scared, I knew I hadn't done anything they could do me for. Besides, it was fun. I got to make like I was notorious.
Dave Kujan: A rumor's not a rumor that doesn't die...
Jeff Rabin: What?
Dave Kujan: Nothing.
Interrogation Cop: What are you saying?
Fenster: I said he'll flip you.
Interrogation Cop: He'll what?
Fenster: Flip you. Flip ya for real.
McManus: What am I supposed to do with that?
Redfoot the Fence: I don't know, feed it to the gimp. Ease his pain; I don't know what that is.
McManus: What do you mean you don't know?
Keaton: Shut up.
Redfoot the Fence: I don't know. I got thrown this job by some lawyer.
Keaton: Yeah? Who?
Redfoot the Fence: I don't know. Some limey. He's a middleman for someone, OK? He doesn't say, I don't ask.
McManus: You're full of shit.
Redfoot the Fence: Fuck you.
McManus: Fuck you.
Keaton: Listen to me. We want to meet him. OK?
Redfoot the Fence: That's funny. He called me last night, he says he wants to meet you guys.
Keaton: OK. We'll meet him. Good. Do that. No problem. Let's go.
McManus: I don't like it, Dean. I don't like it. Wait a minute. One more thing, tough guy. Any more surprises, and I'm gonna kill you.
Redfoot the Fence: You're such a tough guy, McManus. Do me a favour, right. Get the fuck off my dick.
McManus: Fuck!
Redfoot the Fence: Put a leash on that puppy. You know, it's an awful shame about Saul gettin' whacked. Cops'll be looking for the guys who did it. Sooner or later they're gonna come around asking me. You have a sweet night, ladies.
Jack Baer, FBI: Listen, send me someone who can speak Hungarian. Yeah he's awake, he's talking like a Thai hooker.
McManus: There's nothing that can't be done.
Dave Kujan: Of course, I can't prove this. But I can't prove the best part either... Dean Keaton was dead. Did you know that? He died in a fire two years ago during the investigation into the murder of a witness who was going to testify against him. Two people watched Dean Keaton walk into a warehouse he owned just before it blew up. They said he went in to check a leaking gas main. It blew up and took all of Dean Keaton with it. Within three months of the explosion, the two witnesses, they were dead. One killed himself in his car; the other fell down an open elevator shaft.
Verbal: I'll probably shit blood tonight.
Keaton: It's not payback! It's precaution. You want payback? You wanna run? I don't care! I'm not doing this for Fenster, I'm not doing it for you... I'm doing it for me. I'm gonna finish this thing. This Kobayashi bastard is not gonna stand on me!
Keaton: McManus. What the fuck is going on?
McManus: The strangest thing...
Verbal: The DA gave me immunity.
Dave Kujan: Not from me. You get no immunity from me, you piece of shit. Every criminal I have put in prison, every cop that owes me a favor, every creep and scumbag that walks the streets for a living will know the name of Verbal Kint. Now you talk to me, or that precious immunity they seem so fit to grant you won't be worth the paper the contract put out on your life is printed on.
Kobayashi: Before you... do me in, Mr. McManus, you will let me finish my business with Ms. Finneran first, won't you?
Keaton: What did you say?
Kobayashi: Edie Finneran. She's upstairs in my office for an extradition deposition. I requested that she be put on the case personally. She flew in yesterday. No matter. Kill away, Mr. McManus.
McManus: We gotta bury him.
Hockney: With what?
McManus: With our hands.
Hockney: Oh, this is nuts! It's dry fucking sand, McManus. When he rots the surfers are gonna smell him a mile away!
McManus: Dig, you fuck!
Fenster: I don't know anything about no fuckin? truck.
Interrogation Cop: Oh, yeah? Well, your friend McManus told us a different story altogether.
Fenster: Oh, is that the one about the hooker with the dysentery?
Strausz: Do you guys know who the fuck I am? Do you know who the fuck I am?
Hockney: We do now, jerk-off.
Verbal: I came clean; I told it like it happened on the boat. So what if I left out how I got there. It was so full of holes the DA would have told me to blow amnesty up my ass. So you got what you wanted out of me, so big fucking deal.
Dave Kujan: So that's why you never told the DA.
Verbal: You tell me, Agent Kujan, if I told you the Loch Ness Monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say?
Dave Kujan: Turn state's evidence; we'll put you on the stand. We'll hear it out.
Verbal: I've got immunity now, what could you possibly offer me?
Kobayashi: Get your rest, Gentlemen. The boat will be ready for you on Friday. If I see you or any of your friends before then, Miss. Finneran will find herself the victim of a most gruesome violation before she dies. As will your father, Mr. Hockney. and your Uncle Randall in Arizona, Mr. Kint. I might only castrate Mr. McManus's nephew, David. Do I make myself clear?
Fenster: Can you hear me in the back? Hello?
Dave Kujan: Man, you're a slob.
Jeff Rabin: Yeah, but it all has a system, Dave. It all makes sense when you look at it right. You gotta, like stand back from it, you know? You want to see a real horror show? See my garage.
Redfoot the Fence: You guys interested in any more work?
McManus: We're always looking for extra work.
Keaton: We're on vacation.
Redfoot the Fence: Well. That's too bad. I got a ton of work and I don't have any good people. Not like you guys.
McManus: What's the job?
Redfoot the Fence: There's this jeweler out of Texas named Saul. He rents a suite, some downtown hotel. Does free appraisals for people, sometimes he buys, sometimes he doesn't. Anyway, the word is he carries around a lotta cash. So I figure, I keep the merchandise, you keep the green. Simple.
Hockney: What about security?
Redfoot the Fence: Couple of bodyguards. Nothing you couldn't handle.
McManus: Give me time to check it out?
Redfoot the Fence: I expect nothing less from you, man.
McManus: Good to see you. We'll call you.
Redfoot the Fence: Good to see you too.
McManus: All right.
Redfoot the Fence: Enjoy LA. Get yourself laid.
Fenster: Hand me the keys, you fairy godmother.
Hockney: You kids ready?
McManus: I would be if I didn't have to stop and answer to you.
Keaton: There is no fucking coke!
McManus: The news said it's raining in New York.
Kobayashi: My name is Kobayashi. I work for Keyser Soze.
Hockney: Sre you sure you brought enough guys?
Verbal: I just can't believe we're going to walk into certain death.
Dave Kujan: He was dead just long enough for the murder rap to blow over. And then he had lunch.
Verbal: Can I get some coffee?
Dave Kujan: In a while. Let's talk about the lineup.
Verbal: I'm really thirsty. I used to dehydrate as a kid. One time it got so bad my piss came out like snot. I'm not kidding, it was all thick and gooey.
Keaton: There's no way they'd line five felons in the same room, no way.
McManus: Dean Keaton... gone clean huh? Say it aint so.
Keaton: You give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.
Keaton: Hey, uh... friend of mine in New York tells me that you know, that you knew Spook Hollis.
Redfoot the Fence: The way I hear it, you did time with old Spook. Good man, wasn't he? I used to run dope for him. Too bad he got shivved.
Keaton: Yeah... I shivved him. Better you hear it from me now than from somebody else later.
Redfoot the Fence: I appreciate that. But just out of curiosity, was it business or personal?
Keaton: A bit of both.
Redfoot the Fence: Well, like I said, you give me a call if you're interested.
McManus: Is there a problem?
Keaton: One job, that was the deal.
McManus: One job?
McManus: One job? That's a good one, Keaton!
Jack Baer, FBI: Shut up, I'm on the phone!
McManus: Better put a leash on that puppy!
cop: Mr. McManus?
McManus: Christ, don't you fucking guys ever sleep?
cop: We have a warrant for your arrest.
McManus: Fuck you, pig!
Verbal: I did see Keaton get shot, I swear to you.
Interrogation Cop: What are you Sayin'?
Fenster: I said you FLIP YA!
Interrogation Cop: What?
Fenster: FLIP YA FLIP FORREAL!
Interrogation Cop: Yea I'm shakin'. C'mon. Answer my question.
Verbal: Big fat guy, I mean like orca fat.
McManus: You run and we're gonna be digging a hole for you, you got that?
McManus: I'm the guy that's gonna get ya. I just wanted you to know that.
McManus: How about it, Keaton? You a lawyer's 'wife'? What kinda retainer are you givin' her?
Hockney: What about it, pretzel man, what's your story?
Fenster: So who in this goddamn p-cell stole the fuckin' truck?
Hockney: What did you say?
Fenster: Who stole the fuckin' truck?
Hockney: You want a buckshot shampoo chubby?     