
NASA Director: This could be the worst disaster NASA's ever experienced.
Gene Kranz: With all due respect, sir, I believe this is gonna be our finest hour.
Blanche Lovell: Are you scared?
Susan Lovell: Blanche Lovell: Well don't you worry, honey. If they could get a washing machine to fly, my Jimmy could land it.
Jim Lovell: Houston, we have a problem.
Gene Kranz: We've never lost an American in space, we're sure as hell not gonna lose one on my watch! Failure is not an option.
Jim Lovell: Our mission was called "a successful failure," in that we returned safely but never made it to the moon. In the following months, it was determined that a damaged coil built inside the oxygen tank sparked during our cryo stir and caused the explosion that crippled the Odyssey. It was a minor defect that occured two years before I was even named the flight's commander. Fred Haise was going back to the moon on Apollo 18, but his mission was cancelled because of budget cuts; he never flew in space again. Nor did Jack Swigert, who left the astronaut corps and was elected to Congress from the state of Colorado. But he died of cancer before he was able to take office. Ken Mattingly orbited the moon as Command Module Pilot of Apollo 16, and flew the Space Shuttle, having never gotten the measles. Gene Kranz retired as Director of Flight Operations just not long ago. And many other members of Mission Control have gone on to other things, but some are still there. As for me, the seven extraordinary days of Apollo 13 were my last in space. I watched other men walk on the Moon, and return safely, all from the confines of Mission Control and our house in Houston. I sometimes catch myself looking up at the Moon, remembering the changes of fortune in our long voyage, thinking of the thousands of people who worked to bring the three of us home. I look up at the moon and wonder, when will we be going back, and who will that be?
Jim Lovell: Gentlemen, it's been a privilege flying with you.
Jim Lovell: We just put Sir Isaac Newton in the driver's seat.
Jim Lovell: From now on, we live in a world where man has walked on the moon. And it's not a miracle, we just decided to go.
Television Reporter: Is there a specific instance in an airplane emergency when you can recall fear?
Jim Lovell: Uh well, I'll tell ya, I remember this one time - I'm in a Banshee at night in combat conditions, so there's no running lights on the carrier. It was the Shrangri-La, and we were in the Sea of Japan and my radar had jammed, and my homing signal was gone... because somebody in Japan was actually using the same frequency. And so it was - it was leading me away from where I was supposed to be. And I'm lookin' down at a big, black ocean, so I flip on my map light, and then suddenly: zap. Everything shorts out right there in my cockpit. All my instruments are gone. My lights are gone. And I can't even tell now what my altitude is. I know I'm running out of fuel, so I'm thinking about ditching in the ocean. And I, I look down there, and then in the darkness there's this uh, there's this green trail. It's like a long carpet that's just laid out right beneath me. And it was the algae, right? It was that phosphorescent stuff that gets churned up in the wake of a big ship. And it was - it was - it was leading me home. You know? If my cockpit lights hadn't shorted out, there's no way I'd ever been able to see that. So uh, you, uh, never know... what... what events are to transpire to get you home.
Henry Hurt: I, uh, I have a request from the news people.
Marilyn Lovell: Uh-huh?
Henry Hurt: They're out front here. They want to put a transmitter up on the lawn.
Marilyn Lovell: Transmitter?
Henry Hurt: Kind of a tower, for live broadcast.
Marilyn Lovell: I thought they didn't care about this mission. They didn't even run Jim's show.
Henry Hurt: Well, it's more dramatic now. Suddenly people are...
Marilyn Lovell: Landing on the moon wasn't dramatic enough for them - why should NOT landing on it be?
Henry Hurt: Look, I, um, I realize how hard this is, Marilyn, but the whole world is caught up in this, it's historic-...
Marilyn Lovell: No, Henry! Those people don't put one piece of equipment on my lawn. If they have a problem with that, they can take it up with my husband. He'll be HOME... on FRIDAY!
Jim Lovell: We just lost the moon.
Jack Swigert: Uh, well, if anyone from the, uh, from the IRS is watching, I... forgot to file my, my, my 1040 return. Um, I meant to do it today, but, uh...
Sy Liebergot: That's no joke. They'll jump on him!
Marilyn Lovell: Naturally, it's 13. Why 13?
Jim Lovell: It comes after 12, hon.
CAPCOM 2: 13, we just got another request from the Flight Surgeon for you to get some sleep. Don't like these readings down here.
Jim Lovell: Let's see how he likes this. I am sick and tired of the entire western world knowing how my kidneys are functioning!
Dr. Chuck: Flight, we just lost Lovell!
CAPCOM 2: 13, Houston. Jim, we just had a bottoming out on your biomeds.
Jim Lovell: I'm not wearing my biomeds.
CAPCOM 2: Ok, Jim. Copy that.
Dr. Chuck: Flight, now I lost all three of them!
Gene Kranz: It's just a little medical mutiny, Doc. I'm sure the boys are still with us. Let's cut them a little slack, ok?
Technician: We've got to find a way to make this
Technician: fit into the hole for this
Technician: ... using nothing but that.
Marilyn Lovell: Blanche, Blanche, these nice young men are going to watch the television with you. This is Neil Armstrong, and this is Buzz... Aldrin.
Neil Armstrong: Hi.
Blanche Lovell: Are you boys in the space program too?
Gene Kranz: I don't care about what anything was DESIGNED to do, I care about what it CAN do.
Ken Mattingly: 13, this is Houston, do you read?
Jim Lovell: Roger that, Ken. Are the flowers blooming in Houston?
Ken Mattingly: That's a negative, Jim. I do not have the measles.
Jim Lovell: Houston. We're getting our first look at the service module now. One whole side of the spacecraft is missing. Right by the high gain antennae a whole panel is blown out, right up. Right up to our heat shield.
Jack Swigert: So long, Earth. Catch you on the flip side.
Fred Haise, Sr.: I know why my numbers were wrong. I only figured it for two people.
Jack Swigert: Maybe I should just hold my breath.
Barbara Lovell: Dad, can I please wear this?
Jim Lovell: Sure.
Marilyn Lovell: Jim!
Jim Lovell: No! No, absolutely not.
Jack Swigert: Ken, there's an awful lot of condensation on these panels. What's the story of them shorting out?
Ken Mattingly: Umm... We'll just have to take that one at a time, Jack.
Jack Swigert: Like trying to drive a toaster through a car wash.
Reporter: So... the number 13 doesn't bother you?
Fred Haise, Sr.: Only if it's a Friday, Phil.
Reporter: Apollo 13 - lifting off at 1300 hours and 13 minutes, and, entering the moon's gravity on April 13th.
Jim Lovell: Uh, Ken Mattingly has been doing some... scientific experiments regarding that very phenomenon, haven't you?
Ken Mattingly: Well, uh, yes, well I uh, had a black cat walk over a broken mirror under the lunar module ladder, didn't seem to be a problem.
Fred Haise, Sr.: We also consider a real helpful letter we got from a fellow who said we ought to take a pig up with us for good luck.
Marilyn Lovell: Jeffrey?
Jeffrey Lovell: Why are so many people here?
Marilyn Lovell: Well, you know, your dad's flying his mission.
Jeffrey Lovell: He said he was going to get me a moon rock.
Marilyn Lovell: Right. Well, something broke on your daddy's spaceship. And he's going to have to turn around before he even gets to the moon.
Jeffrey Lovell: Was it the door?
Jim Lovell: Well... if I had a dollar for every time they've killed me in this thing, I wouldn't have to work for you, Deke... Well, we have two days, we'll be ready. Let's do it again.
Marilyn Lovell: Do they know they're not on the air?
Henry Hurt: We'll tell them when they get back.
Congressman: Now Jim, people in my state keep asking why we're continuing to fund this program now that we've beaten the Russians to the moon.
Jim Lovell: Imagine if Christopher Columbus had come back from the New World and no one returned in his footsteps.
Jim Lovell: Hello, Houston. This is Odyssey. It's good to see you again.
R.E.T.R.O. White: Flight, we are looking at a typhoon warning on the edge of the prime recovery zone.
Gene Kranz: Say again, RETRO?
R.E.T.R.O. White: Flight, we are looking at a typhoon warning on the edge of the prime recovery zone. Now, this is just a warning, it could miss them...
Gene Kranz: Yeah, only if their luck changes.
Jim Lovell: Gentlemen, what are your intentions?
Jim Lovell: I'd like to go home.
Jim Lovell: Freddo, how long does it take to power up the LEM?
Fred Haise, Sr.: Three hours by the checklist.
Jim Lovell: We don't have that much time.
Jack Swigert: Oww! Goddamn this piece of shit!
Fred Haise, Sr.: Hey! this piece of shit's going to get you home! That's 'cause that's the only thing we've got left, Jack.
Jack Swigert: Well, what are you saying, Fred?
Fred Haise, Sr.: Oh, I think you know what I'm saying...
Jack Swigert: Now wait a minute... all I did was stir those tanks...
Fred Haise, Sr.: What was that gauge reading before you hit the switch?
Jack Swigert: Hey, don't tell me how to fly the damned CM, all right? They brought me in here to do a job, they asked me to stir the damned tanks, and I stirred the tanks!
Fred Haise, Sr.: You didn't know what you were doing, do you?
Jim Lovell: Jack, quit kicking yourself in the ass.
Jack Swigert: This is NOT MY FAULT!
Jim Lovell: No one is saying it is. If I'm in the left-hand seat when the call comes up, *I* stir the tanks.
Jack Swigert: Yeah, well, tell *him* that.
Fred Haise, Sr.: I just asked you what the gauge was reading. AND YOU DON'T KNOW!
Jim Lovell: All right, we're not doing this, gentlemen. We are *not* going to do this. We're not going to go bouncing off the walls for ten minutes, 'cause we're just going to end up back here with the same problems! Try to figure out how to stay alive!
CAPCOM 2: Aquarius, this is Houston.
Jim Lovell: ARE WE ON VOX?
Fred Haise, Sr.: No, we're not on VOX.
Jim Lovell: Yeah, Houston, this is Aquarius. Go ahead.
Jim Lovell: What is that?
Jack Swigert: Oh, I was getting a little punchy and I didn't want to cut the LEM loose with you guys still in it.
Jim Lovell: That's good thinking.
Jim Lovell: Sorry Jack, it's an old habit. Kinda used to the pilot's seat.
Jim Lovell: She's yours to fly.
Ken Mattingly: Here's the order of what I want to do. I want to power up Guidance, E.C.S., Communications, warm up the pyros for the parachutes and the command module thrusters.
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: The thrusters are gonna put you over budget on amps, Ken.
Ken Mattingly: Well, they've been sitting at two hundred below for four days, John. They've got to be heated.
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: Fine. Then trade off the parachutes, something.
Ken Mattingly: Well, if the chutes don't open, then what's the point?
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: Ken, you're telling me what you need. I'm telling you what we have to work with at this point.
William 'Bill' Pogue, CAPCOM: ...and you, sir, are a steely-eyed missile man.
Jim Lovell: Houston, we are venting something out into space. I can see it outside window one right now. It's definitely a... a gas of some sort.
Jim Lovell: It's got to be the oxygen.
Jim Lovell: I've trained for the Fra Mauro highlands... and this is FLIGHT SURGEON HORSESHIT, Deke!
Deke Slayton: Jim, if you hold out for Ken, you will not be on Apollo 13. It's your decision.
Jack Swigert: Uplink completed. We got her back up, Ken. Boy, I wish you were here to see it.
Ken Mattingly: I'll bet you do.
Technician: How much power have we got to work with?
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: Barely enough to run this coffee pot for nine hours.
Fred Haise: It hurts when I urinate.
Jim Lovell: Well, you're not getting enough water.
Fred Haise: No, I'm drinkin' my rations, same as you... I think old Swigert gave me the clap. Been pissin' in my relief tube.
Jim Lovell: Well, that'd be a hot one at the debriefing for the flight surgeons... Another first for America's spacemen.
William 'Bill' Pogue, CAPCOM: When I go up there on 19, I'm gonna take my entire collection of Johnny Cash along!
Jim Lovell: Just a little while longer Freddo. Just a little while longer, we're gonna hit that water in the South Pacific. Open up that hatch. It's 80 degrees out there.
Fred Haise, Sr.: 80 degrees.
Gene Kranz: Let's work the problem people. Let's not make things worse by guessing.
Controller #1: Is it A.M. or P.M.?
Controller #2: A.M. Very, very A.M.
Sy Liebergot: Flight... I recommend we shut down reactant valves to the fuel cells.
Gene Kranz: What the hell good is that gonna do?
Sy Liebergot: If that's where the leak is, we can isolate it. We can save what's left in the tanks and we can run on the good cell.
Gene Kranz: You close 'em, you can't open 'em again! You can't land on the moon with one healthy fuel cell!
Sy Liebergot: Gene, the Odyssey is *dying*. From my chair here, this is the last option.
Jim Lovell: Uh, Houston, we are ready for the beginning of PTC, and I think once we're in that barbecue roll, Jack and I will eat.
Fred Haise, Sr.: Hey, I'm hungry.
Jim Lovell: Are you sure?
Fred Haise, Sr.: I could eat the ass out of a dead rhinoceros.
Jim Lovell: All right, we're not doing this, gentlemen. We are *not* doing this. We're not going to go bouncing off the walls for ten minutes, 'cause we're just going to end up back here with the same problems! Try to figure out how to stay alive!
William 'Bill' Pogue, CAPCOM: Aquarius, this is Houston.
Jim Lovell: Are we on Vox?
Fred Haise, Sr.: No, we're not on Vox.
Jim Lovell: Yeah, Houston, this is Aquarius.
Deke Slayton: Come on rookie, park that thing!
Jim Lovell: We're all out of whack. We try to pitch down but we yaw to the left. Why can't I null this out?
Fred Haise, Sr.: She wasn't designed to fly attached like this. Our center of gravity is the command module.
Jim Lovell: It's like flying with a dead elephant on our back.
Ken Mattingly: Uh, one more thing, Jim. While Jack is working on the power-up, we'd like you and Freddo to transfer some ballast over to the command module.
Jim Lovell: Say again, Houston? Ballast?
Ken Mattingly: That's affirm. We want to get the weight right, we were expecting you to be toting a couple hundred pounds of moon rocks.
Jim Lovell: Right, Houston...
John Young: Good, you're not dead. We've been trying to get in touch with you for forty-five minutes.
Ken Mattingly: I know this sequence works, John.
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: The sequence looks good, we're just over budget on the amperage.
Ken Mattingly: By how much?
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: Three or four amps.
Ken Mattingly: Goddamn it, John! Is it three or four?
John Young: Four.
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: Four!
Ken Mattingly: Four more amps...
Ken Mattingly: We know they have some power left in the LEM batteries, right?
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: Yeah.
Ken Mattingly: We have an umbilical that provides power from the Command Module to the LEM.
John Young: Right. It's a backup for the LEM power supply.
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: I'm listening.
Ken Mattingly: So, reverse it. Reverse the flow and see if we can draw these four amps from the LEM batteries before we cut it loose. Why can't we do that?
John Aaron, EECOM Arthur: We don't have a procedure for that, do we?
John Young: You're gonna lose a lot in the transfer, Ken.
Ken Mattingly: Yeah, yeah. But all we're talking about here is four amps.
Jim Lovell: Christopher Columbus, Charles Lindbergh, and Neil Armstrong. Ha, ha, ha. Neil Armstrong!
Ken Mattingly: Well, I... damn. Medical guys. I had a feeling when they started doing all the blood tests that I... I mean I know it's their asses if I get sick up there but I mean JESUS!
Patty: How do you go to the bathroom in space?
Jim Lovell: Well, um... I tell you it's a very complicated procedure that involves cranking down the window and looking for a gas station.
Gene Kranz: Lunar module has just become a lifeboat.
Jerry Bostick - FIDO White: Looks like Mrs. Kranz pulled out the ol' needle and thread again...
Technician: Last one looked like he bought it off a gypsy.
Jerry Bostick - FIDO White: Well I guess you can't argue with tradition.
Technician: Hey Gene, I guess we can go now!
Gene Kranz: Save it for splashdown fellas...
Jim Lovell: Looks like we've had our glitch for this mission.
Deke Slayton: Jim, we've got a problem. I got some blood work back from the lab. Charlie Duke has the measles.
Jim Lovell: So we need a new back-up.
Deke Slayton: You've all been exposed to it.
Jim Lovell: Oh, I've had the measles.
Deke Slayton: Ken Mattingly hasn't.
Jeffrey Lovell: Dad... did you know the astronauts in the fire?
Jim Lovell: Yeah. Yeah, I did. I knew those astronauts in that fire, all of them.
Jeffrey Lovell: Could that happen again?
Jim Lovell: Well, I'll tell you something about that fire, a lot of things went wrong. The door, called the hatch? They couldn't get it open when they needed to get out. that was one thing. Well, a lot of things went wrong.
Jeffrey Lovell: Did they fix it?
Jim Lovell: Oh yes,, absolutely, we fixed it. It's not a problem anymore.
Marilyn Lovell: Barbara!
Marilyn Lovell: Barbara, we're going to hear your father's broadcast!
Barbara Lovell: No! I'm never coming out! I hate Paul! None of us are ever going to play another one of their records again!
Susan Lovell: She's still going on about the stupid Beatles breaking up?
Barbara Lovell: They're not stupid, *you're* stupid!
Gene Kranz: Come on, I want whatever you guys got on the power-up procedures. We've got to get something up to these guys.
Deke Slayton: Gene, they're working on it.
Gene Kranz: I don't want the want the whole damn bible, just give me a couple of chapters. We've got to give these guys something.
Deke Slayton: They're working on it now.
NASA engineer: I'll get over there and get an estimate.
Gene Kranz: Goddamnit! I don't want another estimate! I want the procedures! Now!
Fred Haise, Sr.: Mare Tranquilitatis - Neil and Buzz's old neighborhood. Coming up on Mount Marilyn. Jim, you've got to take a look at this.
Jim Lovell: I've seen it.
Gene Kranz: Gentlemen, at this moment, I want you all to forget the flight plan. From this moment on, we are improvising a new mission: How do we get our people home?
Gene Kranz: They are here. Do we turn them around, straight back, direct abort?
Jerry Bostick - FIDO White: No, sir! No, sir! We get them on a free-return trajectory. It's the option with the fewest question marks for safety.
Gene Kranz: I agree with Jerry. We use the moon's gravity, slingshot them around.
R.E.T.R.O. White: No, the LEM will not support three guys for that amount of time. I mean, we've got to do a direct abort. We do an about-face, we bring the guys right home, right now.
Booster White: Get them back soon, absolutely.
Jerry Bostick - FIDO White: Look, we don't even know if the Odyssey's engine's even working. If there's been serious damage to this spacecraft...
GUIDO White: They blow up and they die!
R.E.T.R.O. White: That is not the argument! We're talking about time!
Gene Kranz: Okay, hold it. Let's hold it down. The only engine we got with enough power for a direct abort is the SPS on the service module. From what Lovell has told us, that could have been damaged in an explosion, so let's consider that engine dead. We light that thing up, it could blow the whole works. It's just too risky. We're not going to take that chance. About the only thing the command module is good for is reentry, so that leaves us with the LEM, which means free-return trajectory. Once we get the guys around the moon, we'll fire the LEM engine, make a long burn, pick up some speed, and get them home as quickly as we can.
Pete Conrad: Jim, you think it's too late for him to abort?
Jim Lovell: No, he still has time to get outta there, he just needs someone to wave him off.
Gene Kranz: Let's look at this thing from a... um, from a standpoint of status. What do we got on the spacecraft that's good?
Sy Liebergot: I'll get back to you, Gene.
Marilyn Lovell: I can't deal with cleaning up. Let's sell the house.
Gene Kranz: EECOM, is this an instrumentation problem, or are we looking at real power loss here?
Sy Liebergot: It's, it's reading a quadruple failure - that can't happen! It's, it's got to be instrumentation.
Jack Swigert: I've been going over the numbers again. Have they called up with a re-entry plan yet? 'Cause we're coming in too shallow, we're coming in too damn fast.
Jim Lovell: We're working on something, Jack, just hold on.
Jack Swigert: Listen, listen, they gave us too much delta vee, they had us burn too long. At this rate, we're going to skip right out of the atmosphere and we're never going to get home.
Fred Haise, Sr.: What are you talking about? How'd you figure that?
Jack Swigert: I can add.
Jim Lovell: Jack, they've got half the Ph.D.'s on the planet working on it.
Fred Haise, Sr.: Houston says we're right on the money.
Jack Swigert: And what if they had made a mistake, all right? And there was no way to reverse it, you think they would tell us? There's no reason for them to tell us!
Fred Haise, Sr.: What do you mean they're not going to tell us? That's bullshit!
Jim Lovell: All right, there's a thousand things that have to happen in order. We are on number eight. You're talking about number six hundred and ninety-two.
Jack Swigert: And in the meantime, I'm trying to tell you we're coming in too fast. I think they know it, and I think that's why we don't have a God-damned reentry plan.
Jim Lovell: That's duly noted, thank you Jack.
Jim Lovell: Ah, Guenter Wendt! I wonder where Guenter Wendt?
Marilyn Lovell: You're drunk, Lovell.
Jim Lovell: Yeah, I'm not used to the champagne.
Marilyn Lovell: Me neither...
Marilyn Lovell: I can't deal with cleaning up, let's sell the house.
Jim Lovell: All right, we'll sell the house.
Jim Lovell: They're back inside now. Looking up at us. Isn't that something?
Marilyn Lovell: I'll bet Jenny Armstrong doesn't get a wink of sleep tonight. When you were on the far side on 8, I didn't sleep at all. I just vacuumed over and over again.
William 'Bill' Pogue, CAPCOM: Aquarius, watch that middle gimbal. We don't want you tumbling off into space.
Jim Lovell: Freddo, inform Houston I'm well aware of the God-damned gimbals!
Fred Haise, Sr.: Roger that, Houston.
Jim Lovell: I don't need to hear the obvious, I've got the frappin' 8-ball right in front of me!
INCO White: Hey, we're on VOX.
William 'Bill' Pogue, CAPCOM: Aquarius, this is Houston. We've got you both on VOX.
Fred Haise, Sr.: You want what, you want us to go to VOX?
William 'Bill' Pogue, CAPCOM: You have a hot mic, we're reading everything you say.
Fred Haise, Sr.: Sorry, Jim.
Fred Haise, Sr.: They want you to rip the cover off the flightplan.
Jack Swigert: With pleasure.
Fred Haise, Sr.: She sure was a good ship.
Jack Swigert: Farewell, Aquarius, and we thank you.
Henry Hurt: Hey Marylin.
Marilyn Lovell: Where's their broadcast?
Henry Hurt: All the networks dumped us. One of them said we made going to the moon as exciting as taking a trip to Pittsburgh.
Jim Lovell: So what happened?
Jack Swigert: Came in too steep. We're dead.
Fred Haise, Sr.: No shit.
Jim Lovell: How ya feelin', Freddo?
Fred Haise, Sr.: Char-broiled.
Jim Lovell: So what happened?
Jack Swigert: Came in too steep. We're dead.     