
Mathilda: Leon, I think I'm kinda falling in love with you.
Mathilda: It's the first time for me, you know?
Léon: How do you know it's love if you've never been in love before?
Mathilda: 'Cause I feel it.
Léon: Where?
Mathilda: In my stomach. It's all warm. I always had a knot there and now... it's gone.
Léon: Mathilda, I'm glad you don't have a stomach ache any more. I don't think it means anything.
Mathilda: Is life always this hard, or is it just when you're a kid?
Léon: Always like this.
Mathilda: I don't wanna lose you, Leon.
Léon: You're not going to lose me. You've given me a taste for life. I wanna be happy. Sleep in a bed, have roots. And you'll never be alone again, Mathilda. Please, go now, baby, go. Calm down, I'll meet you at Tony's in an hour, I love you, now go, go now.
Léon: You need some time to grow up a little.
Mathilda: I finished growing up, Léon. I just get older.
Léon: For me it's the opposite. I'm old enough. I need time to grow up.
Léon: It's my best friend. Always happy. No questions.
Léon: And stop saying "okay" all the time. Okay?
Mathilda: Okay.
Léon: Good.
Stansfield: Bring me everyone.
3rd Stansfield man: What do you mean "everyone"?
Stansfield: EVERYONE!
Mathilda: You killed my brother.
Stansfield: I'm sorry. And you want to join him?
Mathilda: No.
Stansfield: It's always the same thing. It's when you start to become really afraid of death that you learn to appreciate life. Do you like life, sweetheart?
Mathilda: Yes.
Stansfield: That's good, because I take no pleasure in taking life if it's from a person who doesn't care about it.
Mathilda: I think we'll be ok here, Leon.
Léon: Stansfield?
Stansfield: At your service.
Léon: This is from... Mathilda.
Stansfield: Shit.
Mathilda: Sleep well?
Léon: I never really sleep well. Got one eye open, always.
Mathilda: Yeah, I forgot. You know, I never saw someone with one eye open snore so much.
Léon: The rifle is the first weapon you learn how to use, because it lets you keep your distance from the client. The closer you get to being a pro, the closer you can get to the client. The knife, for example, is the last thing you learn.
Mathilda: I was more of a mother to him than thaat goddamn pig ever was!
Léon: Hey, don't talk like that about pigs. They're usually much nicer than people.
Mathilda: But they smell like shit.
Léon: Not true. As a matter of fact, right now I have one in my kitchen that's very clean and smells very nice.
Mathilda: You don't have a pig in your kitchen.
Léon: Yes, I do.
Mathilda: I was just in there and I didn't see any goddamned pig.
Léon: Don't move. I'll get him.
Léon: Piggy? Piggy? Where are you?
Léon: Oink, oimk! Ah, there you are.
Léon: Hi, Mathilda.
Mathilda: Hi, piggy.
Mathilda: I don't give a shit about sleeping, Leon. I want love, or death. That's it.
Mathilda: How old were you when you made your first hit?
Léon: Nineteen.
Mathilda: Beat you!
Stansfield: I like these quiet little moments before the storm. It reminds me of Beethoven.
Stansfield: I haven't got time for this Mickey Mouse bullshit.
Mathilda: I hope you're not lying Leon. I really hope that deep down there's no love in you. And if there is, I think in a few minutes you'll regret you never said anything. I love you Leon.
Stansfield: I like these calm little moments before the storm. It reminds me of Beethoven. Can you hear it? It's like when you put your head to the grass and you can hear the growin' and you can hear the insects. Do you like Beethoven?
Malky: I couldn't really say.
Fatman: Somebody's coming up. Somebody serious.
Stansfield: You don't like Beethoven. You don't know what you're missing. Overtures like that get my... juices flowing. So powerful. But after his openings, to be honest, he does tend to get a little fucking boring. That's why I stopped!
Stansfield: Toss the apartment.
Mathilda: I am writing here the name of a girl in the class who makes me sick. If things get hot, she'll take the heat.
Stansfield: Special delivery huh... Let me guess... Chinese? Thai, maybe? Ahh, I've got it. Italian food
Stansfield: What's your name angel...
Stansfield: ... Mathilda, I want you to put the sack on the floor... good... Now, I want you to tell me everything you know about Italian food, and don't forget the name of the chef who fixed it for me.
Mathilda: Nobody sent me.I do business for myself.
Stansfield: Ahh... so this is... something... personal?... What filthy peice of... shit... did I do now?
Mathilda: You killed my brother.
Mathilda: Leon, what exactly do you do for a living?
Léon: Cleaner.
Mathilda: You mean you're a hit man?
Léon: Yeah.
Mathilda: Cool.
Stansfield: Death is... whimsical... today.
Orphanage Headmistress: Now tell me what happened to you.
Mathilda: OK. My family they got shot down by D.E.A. officers because of a drug problem. I left with the greatest guy on earth. He was a hitman, the best in town, but he died this morning. And if you don't help me, I'll be dead by tonight.
Léon: Sorry about your father.
Mathilda: If somebody didn't do it one day or another, I probably would have done it myself.
Mathilda: He's not my father. He's my lover.
Stansfield: Hey, what the fuck is going on up there? I said take the guy out, not the whole fucking building!
Stansfield: I have a lot of respect for your business, Tony. When you've killed for us in the past we've always been satisfied. And that's exactly why today is going to be very, very hard for me. I hope you'll excuse my mood.
Stansfield: My man was killed, right here, on your turf. And the chinks tell me that the hit man was kind of the... Italian type. So we figured that, uh, Tony might know something.
Stansfield: Wait - there's more. You're gonna love this. A few hours later, a little twelve-year-old girl comes to my office armed to the teeth, with the firm intention of sending me straight to the morgue. And do you know who came and got her in the middle of the afternoon right there in my building? The very... same... Italian hit man.
Stansfield: I'm dying to meet him.
Léon: Tony... All the money I make, that you keep for me...
Tony: You need some money?
Léon: No, just curious... Because, I've been working a long time... And I havent done anything with my... I thought maybe someday I could
Léon: use it.
Tony: You met a woman.
Stansfield: You're a Mozart fan. I love him too. I looooove Mozart! He was Austrian you know? But for this kind of work,
Stansfield: he's a little bit light. So I tend to go for the heavier guys. Check out Brahms. He's good too.
Léon: Revenge is not a good thing, it's better to forget.
Mathilda: Forget? After I've seen the outline of my brother's body on the floor, you expect me to forget? I wanna kill those sons of bitches, and blow their fucking heads off!
Mathilda: Do you "clean" anyone?
Léon: No women, no kids, that's the rules.
Mathilda: How much would it cost to hire someone to get those dirtbags who killed my brother?
Léon: Five grand a head.
Mathilda: Wow. How about this: I work for you; in exchange, you teach me how to clean. Hmmm? What do you think? I'll clean your place, I'll do the shopping, I'll even wash your clothes. Is it a deal?
Léon: When it's tough like this, you know it's gonna be ugly. Better make it quick, or else you will be here all day listening to his crap.
Léon: There was someone a long time ago. Before I came to the States. Her father didn't want her to see me. She was from a very respectable family. Mine was, you know, not so respectable. Her dad went nuts every time she'd take off to see me.
Mathilda: But she still snuck off to see you, right?
Léon: Right.
Mathilda: You see, nothing can stop love, Léon.
Mathilda: Can we try with real bullets now?
Old Lady: What's happening out there?
Malky: All right, ma'am, go away, DEA. Police.
Old Lady: Why don't you leave that poor family alone?
Malky: It's all right, everything's al right. Just calm down.
Stansfield: I am calm.
Stansfield: I'm calm.
Old Lady: Why don't you leave them alone?
Stansfield: He said, "Go back inside".
Tony: Hey, Leon, nothing's gonna happen to you. You're indestructible! Bullets slide off you, you play with 'em.
Léon: He killed her. One shot to the head. They kept him in jail for two days. They let him go free. They said it was an accident. So, one night I waited for him. 500 feet with a lens. He also had an accident.
Tony: Check it. Make sure it's the right thing.
Léon: I trust you.
Tony: One thing has nothin' to do with the other - remember that Léon.
Léon: I will.
Mathilda: How are we getting out of here now?
Léon: Leave it to me. We're checking out.
1st Stansfield man: Lunch.
2nd Stansfield man: Careful Blood. Might be poisoned.
1st Stansfield man: No, no anchovies on this.
Mathilda: There's no doorbell.
Léon: So knock on the door.
Mathilda: If I win, you keep me with you for life.
Léon: And if you lose?
Mathilda: Go shopping alone, like before.
Mathilda: Léon: What are you doing?
Mathilda: You said no women, no kids. Who do you think this is gonna kill, junkies and monkeys?
1st Stansfield man: He was a pro, he was fast, he fucking came out of nowhere.
1st Stansfield man: shoots the chinamen dead in two seconds
Malky: Easy man I am a cop
1st Stansfield man: Then turns around and says something to Malky like
Léon: No women, no kids.
Léon: I took a hit. I need a hand now. I know she's young, but she learns fast. Kids need to be shaped into something right?
Tony: Yeah, I know. I taught you that. But ain't there an age limit?
Léon: She's 18.
Tony: Oh, really?
Swat Chief: Alpha team, man down, man down.
Stansfield: I told you.
Stansfield: I take no pleasure in taking a life if it's from a person who doesn't care about it.
Léon: You still have your gun, so use it. Just do me a favor, don't shoot it out the window.
Malky: It's cops outside, we better go.
Stansfield: It's the cops outside... we better go.
Tony: Change ain't good, you know Léon?
Stansfield: What filthy piece of shit did I do now?
Malky: Hey Stan, Stan! What are doing? He's dead!
Stansfield: But he ruined my suit.
Léon: No discussion.
Mathilda: I've decided what to do with my life. I wanna be a cleaner.
Léon: You wanna be a cleaner?
Léon: Here, take it. It's a goodbye gift. Go clean. But not with me. I work alone, understand? Alone.
Mathilda: Bonnie and Clyde didn't work alone. Thelma and Louise didn't work alone. And they were the best.
Pauly: C'mon, asshole! C'mon faggot. C'mon, gun trick.
Léon: Hey, what about the ring trick, you've heard that one?
Pauly: Ring trick? C'mon, asshole. I'm waiting. Show it to me, motherfucker!
Léon: Ey. What about the ring trick. You know that one?
Mathilda: I think we'll be OK here, Leon.
Swat Chief: Alpha team, final position, ready to go.
Stansfield: Be careful.
Benny: Oh, shit. We missed a girl, I'm trying to find the fucking super in this goddamn building.
Swat Chief: Now, get this fucking asshole out of there.
Tony: Allora, come stai, Leone?
Léon: Bene.
Tony: OK. OK. Let's talk business.
Léon: Relax. Everything's fine. Sleep well? I never really sleep. Got one eye open always.
Mathilda: You know a girl's first time is very important. It determines the rest of her life sexually. I read that once in one of my sister's magazine. My girlfriends told me they hated their first experience. That's because they didn't love the guys. They just did it to show off. Afterwards, they started liking it. Like cigarette. Will i like it the first time?
Cigarette Kid: Know her?
The Kids: No.
Fatman: Yeah, what?
Tonto: This is Tonto downstairs. There's a guy who wants to talk to you.
Fatman: What's he look like?
Tonto: Serious.
Léon: Tell him I'm coming up.
Tonto: He's coming up.
Fatman: Somebody's coming up. Somebody serious!
Malky: I'm sorry. H-He said he didn't cut the dope.
Stansfield: Oh.
Stansfield: Of course he didn't. Mm. Just do me a favor. Find out who did, by tomorrow. Noon.
Tony: Leon asked me to help you out if, uh... if something happened, and I think something happened. Right? He put aside a little cash for you, so what I'm suggesting is that, uh, seein' as how you're still so young, I should hold the money for you, you know, until you're older; like a bank, you know, except, uh, it's better than a bank 'cause, you know, banks always get knocked off. No one knocks off old Tony. But it's... it's your money. And in the meantime, all you gotta do is come here every once in a while, and I'll dish it out so's you can have a little fun, okay? Here. Here's a hundred bucks to start with.
Mathilda: Can't I get a job instead?
Tony: A job? What the hell can you do?
Mathilda: I can clean.
Tony: I ain't got no work for a 12-year-old kid, so get it out of your god damn head! It's over! The game's over! Leon's dead! You hear me?
Tony: Come on. Come on, you think I ain't hurtin', too? But he's dead. And you're gonna forget all this craziness and get your little ass back to school. Capisce? Now take this money and get the hell outta here. And don't let me see your face 'til next month, 'cause something tells me I'm about to lose my famous kind streak.
Mathilda: My parents... d-died in a car accident four weeks ago. It was terrible.
Orphanage Headmistress: You know, we didn't have the time to get to know one another when you first came here, but I want you to know that I'm not the kind of woman who'd let down a child, whatever her situation, whatever her mistake. So I'm going to help you and do my best to welcome you here again. But on one condition: you have to stop lying to me, Mathilda. I want you to take a chance and trust me.
Malky: In June, we gave you the dope, it tests 100% pure. Now it's July, we pick up the dope, and it tests 90% pure. Now, somewhere between June and July, 10% turned to cut!
Mathilda's Father: I don't know. It's none of my business. I'm just a holder. You give me the stuff, I hold the stuff. That's all I know!
Malky: Hey, look, you know, I'm-I'm trying to help you out here.
Malky: But, you know, if you're gonna be a hardass about it, I gotta disturb him. And let me tell you, when he's into his music, he hates bein' disturbed.
Mathilda's Father: I'm telling you the truth.
Malky: I hope so, because he's got a talent for sniffing out a lie; it's scary. It's almost like a sixth sense. Now, are you gonna change your tune, or I gotta bust into his?
Stansfield: What, what, what? You're 200 men and you cant find one man and a girl?
Swat Chief: Turn the fucking water off!
Mathilda's Father: Shut the goddamn door!     