
Nicholas: There goes a thousand dollars.
Christine: Your shoes cost a thousand dollars?
Nicholas: That one did.
Conrad: They just fuck you and they fuck you and they fuck you, and then just when you think it's all over, that's when the real fucking starts!
Daniel Schorr: Discovering the object of the game *is* the object of the game.
Nicholas: I am extremely fragile right now.
Nicholas: And you really believe that just because you publish children's books, people are going to care about my reputation? You can have pictures of me wearing nipple rings, butt-fucking Captain Kangaroo. The only thing they care about is the stock and whether that stock is up or down!
Conrad: They won't leave me alone! I'm a goddam human piñata!
Nicholas: So, you've played recently?
New Member Ted: Oh, about a year ago. I was working in Los Angeles.
Nicholas: I hear the London office is very good, too. It just sounds like a lot of fantasy, role-playing nonsense.
New Member Ted: You wanna know what it is? What it's all about?
New Member Ted: John 9:25.
Nicholas: I... haven't been to Sunday school in a long time.
New Member Ted: 'Whereas once I was blind, now I can see.'
New Member Ted: Good night, Nicholas. Best of luck.
Nicholas: Good night.
Nicholas: I don't care about the money. I'm pulling back the curtain. I want to meet the wizard.
Conrad: This is for you.
Nicholas: You shouldn't have.
Conrad: What do you get for the man who has... everything?
Nicholas: "Consumer Recreation Services." Well, I do have golf clubs.
Conrad: Call that number.
Nicholas: Why?
Conrad: Make your life... fun.
Nicholas: Fun.
Conrad: You know what that is... uh, you've seen other people have it.
New Member Ted: This was the best one *ever*!
Jim Feingold: You know, thank God you jumped, because if you didn't, I was supposed to throw you off!
Conrad: I just found myself laying naked on a beach near Ibiza and all of a sudden it clicked: October 12th, Nicky's birthday.
Nicholas: October 11th.
Conrad: Whatever.
Jim Feingold: The game is tailored specifically to each participant. Think of it as a great vacation, except you don't go to it, it comes to you.
Nicholas: What's that?
Conrad: This... is... the bill.
Nicholas: Do you want to split it?
Conrad: Oh God yes! I'll take some of that...
Nicholas: Oh my God...
Samuel Sutherland: Nicholas, I haven't a *clue* what's going on, but your taste in champagne is excellent, as always.
Anson Baer: It was a *great* entrance!
Nicholas: I'll give you a boost.
Christine: You first.
Nicholas: This isn't an attempt to be gallant. If I don't lift you, how are you going to get there?
Christine: You pull me up.
Nicholas: It's much easier this way. Come on, step up...
Christine: No.
Nicholas: Please...
Christine: I'm not wearing underwear. Okay? There, I said it. Satisfied?
Nicholas: Oh. Fine.
Nicholas: You don't know anything about society, Marie; you don't have the satisfaction of avoiding it.
Daniel Schorr: A staggering 57% of American workers believe there is a very real chance they will be unemployed in the next 5 to 7 years. But what does that matter to a bloated millionaire fat-cat like you?
Nicholas: Seymour Butts. Never get tired of that one.
Daniel Schorr: There's a tiny camera looking at you right now.
Nicholas: That's impossible.
Daniel Schorr: You're right, impossible. You're having a conversation with your television.
Conrad: I've been here before.
Nicholas: I took you here for your birthday.
Conrad: No, I used to buy crystal meth from the Maitre D.
Nicholas: I'm being toyed with by a bunch of depraved children
Jim Feingold: We're like an experiential Book-of-the-Month Club.
Christine: What *is* the going rate for a trapped-in-an-elevator adventure?
Christine: Would you like to have coffee with me at the airport?
Nicholas: You can't smoke here.
Conrad: I'm with you.
Nicholas: It's illegal to smoke in restaurants in California.
Conrad: Fuck California!
Nicholas: Did I have a choice? Did I have a choice?
Christine: You got a shower in your office?
Nicholas: Yeah.
Christine: You an athlete or something?
Nicholas: No, I'm an investment banker.
Nicholas: I got this key out of a mouth of this... wooden clown.
Christine: ...Never mind.
Nicholas: No, what is this? What are you... selling?
Jim Feingold: Oh. It's a game.
Nicholas: Dinner for two, please.
New Member Ted: You know, I envy you. I wish I could go back and do it for the first time, all over again. Here's to new experiences.     