
Roy: Mr. Vail?
Martin Vail: Yeah?
Roy: Will you t-tell Miss Venable I'm sorry? Tell her I hope her neck is okay.
Martin Vail: Yeah... I will.
Martin Vail: Wait... What did you just say? What? You told me just a few minutes ago that you didn't remember. You blacked out. You "lost time" yet again. So, how do you know about her neck?
Roy: Well... good for you, Marty. I was going to let it go at that. You was looking so happy just now. I was thinking, hmmm God. But to tell you the truth, I'm glad you figured it out, because I have been dying to tell you. I just didn't know who you'd wanna hear it from, you know? Aaron or Roy... or Roy or Aaron. Well, I'll let you in on a little secret. A sort of a client-attorney-privilege type of a secret, you know what I mean? It don't matter who you hear it from. It's the same story.
Roy: I j-j-just... had to kill Linda, Mr. Vail.
Roy: That cunt just got what she deserved. But... cutting up that son of a bitch Rushman? That was just a fucking work of art.
Martin Vail: You're good. You are really good.
Roy: Yeah. I did get caught, though, didn't I?
Martin Vail: So there never... there never was a Roy?
Roy: Jesus Christ, Marty. If that's what you think, I am disappointed in you, I don't mind telling you. There never was an Aaron... counselor! Come on, Marty! I thought you had it figured, there at the end. The way you put me on the stand like that? That was fucking brilliant, Marty! And that whole thing like "act-like-a-man"? Jesus, I knew exactly what you wanted from me. It was like we were dancing, Marty!
Martin Vail: Guard!
Roy: Oh come on, don't be like that, Marty. We did it, man. We fucking did it! We're a great team, you and me. You think I could've done this without you? You're just feeling a little angry here, because you started to care about old Aaron, I can understand that, but... you know, love hurts, Marty. What can I say? Hey, I'm just kidding, bud! I didn't mean to hurt your feelings! What else was I supposed to do? Hey, you're gonna thank me down the road, because this is gonna toughen you right up, Martin Vail! You hear me? That's a promise!
Martin Vail: On my first day of law school, my professor says two things. First was: from this day forward, when your mother tells you she loves you, get a second opinion.
Jack Connerman: And?
Martin Vail: If you want justice, go to a whorehouse. If you wanna get fucked, go to court.
Martin Vail: Why gamble with money when you can gamble with people's lives? That was a joke. All right, I'll tell you. I believe in the notion that people are innocent until proven guilty. I believe in that notion because I choose to believe in the basic goodness of people. I choose to believe that not all crimes are committed by bad people. And I try to understand that some very, very good people do some very bad things.
Martin Vail: Yeah, I'm Martin Vail, from the public defender's office. I'm handling the Aaron Stampler case.
Cop: Hm, the Butcher Boy.
Martin Vail: Yes, thank you, I forgot his real name.
Janet Venable: No further questions, your honor.
Roy: Where the hell do you think you're going?
Janet Venable: Excuse me?
Roy: Hey, you look at me when I'm talkin' to you, bitch!
Judge Miriam Shoat: Mr. Stampler!
Roy: Fuck you, lady! Come here!
Judge Miriam Shoat: Bailiff!
Roy: You wanna play rough, let's play rough. Come on, lets play rough!
Roy: Yeah, keep comin' closer asshole! Don't think I won't break her fuckin' neck!
Martin Vail: Come on, I got...
Roy: Fuck you, Marty! I'm walkin' outta slowly. Really slow.
Martin Vail: You either run for office or you wind up a judge. Why become an umpire when you can play ball?
Archbishop Rushman: Well I must say, I haven't seen so many lawyers and politicians gathered together in one place since confession this morning.
Archbishop Rushman: Martin Vail: I don't have to believe you. I don't care if you are innocent. I'm your mother, your father, your priest.
Martin Vail: First thing that I ask a new client is, "Have you been saving up for a rainy day? Guess what? It's raining!"
Martin Vail: I speak. You do not speak. Your job is to just sit there and look innocent.
Janet Venable: Do you know what I would do if someone did that to me? I would kill him, I wouldn't hesitate. I would stab him 78 times. I would chop off his fingers, slash his throat open, carve numbers in his chest, gouge out his eyes, I swear to God!... But that's me.
Janet Venable: Next thing you know, he'll be objecting to introducing the murder weapon into evidence!
Martin Vail: Well, now that you bring it up...
Joey Pinero: See this lot here? This lot used to be houses. In fact, there was a house over there on the corner where I kissed my first girl friend. Got her pregnant, too.
Martin Vail: Hell of a kiss, Joey.
Martin Vail: Come on... all you have to do is turn around.
Janet Venable: I thought you liked it better like this. That way you don't have to look at the person.
Martin Vail: You're mean.
Martin Vail: Look at me.
Martin Vail: Come on. Let's go find a bar you can still smoke in.
Janet Venable: Thanks for the invite, but I don't like one-night stands all that much.
Martin Vail: We saw each other for months.
Janet Venable: It was a one-night stand, Marty. It just lasted six months.
Martin Vail: Mr. Pinero has never been convicted of anything. Cops jumped him, he was left bleeding in the snow. It's a miracle he survived. Having said that, I am not opposed to a settlement.
John Shaughnessy: A million-five and Pinero leaves the state.
Martin Vail: You can't limit a citizen's right to live wherever he wants to. Legally, that's unenforceable.
John Shaughnessy: Whether or not it's enforceable or just a gentleman's agreement, Mr. Pinero will know what we want.
Judge Miriam Shoat: You are making a mockery of my courtroom and I'm not going to allow it! I suggest you start representing your client and stop representing yourself!
Tommy Goodman: That... is... a... bullshit story!
Martin Vail: Now it's *our* bullshit story.
Joey Pinero: How are they going to kill a man who never sleeps?
Naomi Chance: But that means you have to change the plea to insanity, which you can't do mid-trial, unless of course you're planning on a career change.
Roy: Hell, he couldn't kick his own ass.
Tommy Goodman: Heeeeeeeere's motive.
Roy: I got you. You the lawyer. Well, you sure fucked this one up, didn't you, counselor! Looks to me like they're gonna shoot ol' Aaron so full o' poison it's gonna come out his eyes!
Roy: If you lay that tough-man shit on Aaron again, I will kick your fuckin' ass to Sunday!
Martin Vail: It's confusing to me because I have document here from your office that says last year Michael O'Donnell spoke to the supervisor of that unit over a period of two weeks explaining to him - in graphic detail - of the sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of Archbishop Rushman. Isn't it also true, Mr. State's attorney, that your "friend" Archbishop Rushman was not going to stand trial for any of it? He owed you big time. You must've been very pissed off when he pulled out of the South River construction deal. What happened? He finally said "I can't take it anymore" and you said "no". You and your investors had sixty millions reasons to kill him!
Janet Venable: Objection!
Judge Miriam Shoat: Sustained! You're out of order, Mr. Vail!
Martin Vail: Just like what you and your "associates" did in killing Joey Pinero just yesterday!
John Shaughnessy: You son of a bitch!
Judge Miriam Shoat: If you think you're going to my courtroom to wage personal vendettas and settle old scores, you are sorely mistaken! I'm striking Shaughnessy's testimony from the record as irrelevant and I'm holding you in contempt in the amount of ten thousand dollars!
Martin Vail: So... what you're telling me is I can't get a fair trial in your courtroom? You're also in league with Shaughnessy and the entire city counsel at covering all this up?
Judge Miriam Shoat: Be very careful what you say in here, Mr. Vail! You're on dangerous ground here!
Martin Vail: Fine! Do you want me to make that check out to you judge?
Archbishop Rushman: The feast of ascension...
Archbishop Rushman: Preach the gospel to every...
Martin Vail: ... Hello.
Vail's Secretary: What are you watching?
Naomi Chance: Wait a minute.
Archbishop Rushman: Alex, go to her. Go to her. Good. Now help her. That's it, Aaron. Good. Linda, help out. Good. Take off her blouse, Aaron. That's it. Now help him, Linda. Isn't that sweet, Linda? Good. That's it. Now, take him in your mouth.
Tommy Goodman: Heeeeeeeere's motive.
Archbishop Rushman: Aaron, take her from behind. Aaron! Take her from behind!
Martin Vail: Jesus Christ.
Martin Vail: You OK?
Janet Venable: Am I OK? Do I seem OK? I get attacked by this sick twisted... I've lost the case and out of a job! So no, I'm not particularly OK, but you won! Justice was done, so who the hell cares, right? Congratulations! You knew didn't you? You knew if I went after him he'd wig out up there.
Martin Vail: I knew he'd come out if he was threatened.
Janet Venable: Who better to do that than me? You used me.
Martin Vail: Yeah, I did. I had no choice, what did I use that was so terrible? I knew you'd do your job and I knew you'd try to win the case. What's wrong with that?
Janet Venable: I lost my fucking job.
Martin Vail: And that's good. You should've left them years ago.
Janet Venable: Oh, Jesus! Why do you think you always know what's best for me?     