
William Wallace: Every man dies, not every man really lives.
Malcolm Wallace: Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.
William Wallace: And if this is your army, why does it go?
Veteran: We didn't come here to fight for them!
Young Soldier: Home! The English are too many!
William Wallace: Sons of Scotland! I am William Wallace.
Young Soldier: William Wallace is seven feet tall!
William Wallace: Yes, I've heard. Kills men by the hundreds. And if HE were here, he'd consume the English with fireballs from his eyes, and bolts of lightning from his arse.
William Wallace: I am William Wallace! And I see a whole army of my countrymen, here in defiance of tyranny. You've come to fight as free men... and free men you are. What will you do with that freedom? Will you fight?
Veteran: Fight? Against that? No! We will run. And we will live.
William Wallace: Aye, fight and you may die. Run, and you'll live... at least a while. And dying in your beds, many years from now, would you be willin' to trade ALL the days, from this day to that, for one chance, just one chance, to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take... OUR FREEDOM!
William Wallace: In the Year of our Lord 1314, patriots of Scotland - starving and outnumbered - charged the fields of Bannockburn. They fought like warrior poets; they fought like Scotsmen, and won their freedom.
Robert the Bruce: You have bled with Wallace.
Robert the Bruce: NOW BLEED WITH *ME*!
William Wallace: There's a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide those people with freedom. And I go to make sure that they have it.
Robert the Bruce: Lands, titles, men, power, nothing.
Robert's Father: Nothing?
Robert the Bruce: I have nothing. Men fight for me because if they do not, I throw them off my land and I starve their wives and their children. Those men who bled the ground red at Falkirk, they fought for William Wallace, and he fights for something that I never had. And I took it from him, when I betrayed him. I saw it in his face on the battlefield and it's tearing me apart.
Robert's Father: All men betray. All lose heart.
Robert the Bruce: I don't want to lose heart. I want to believe as he does.
Young William: I can fight.
Malcolm Wallace: I know. I know you can fight. But it's our wits that make us men.
Murron: You're going to teach me to read, then?
William Wallace: Aye, if you'd like.
Murron: Aye!
William Wallace: In what language?
Murron: Ah, you're showing off now.
William Wallace: That's right. Are you impressed yet?
Murron: No. Why? Should I be?
William Wallace: Oui. Parce que chaque jour j'ai pensé à toi.
Murron: Do that standing on your head and I'll be impressed.
William Wallace: Well, my kilt will fly up, but I'll try.
Princess Isabelle: You see? Death comes to us all. But before it comes to you, know this: your blood dies with you. A child who is not of your line grows in my belly. Your son will not sit long on the throne. I swear it.
Stephen: The Almighty tells me he can get me out of this mess, but he's pretty sure you're fucked.
William Wallace: We all end up dead, it's just a question of how and why.
Guard: Volunteers comin' in!
Faudron: William Wallace, we've come to fight and to die for you.
William Wallace: Stand up, man, I'm not the Pope.
Faudron: My name is Faudron. My sword is yours. I brought you this.
Guard: We checked 'em for arms.
Faudron: I brought you this.
Faudron: My wife made it for you.
William Wallace: Thank you.
Stephen: Him? That can't be William Wallace. I'm *prettier* than this man!
Stephen: Alright, Father, I'll ask him.
Stephen: If I risk my neck for you, will I get a chance to kill Englishmen?
Hamish: Is your father a ghost, or do you converse with the Almighty?
Stephen: In order to find his equal, an Irishman is forced to talk to God.
Stephen: Yes, Father!
Stephen: The Almight says, "Don't change the subject, just answer the fuckin' question."
Hamish: Mind your tongue.
Campbell: Insane Irish.
Stephen: Smart enough to get a dagger past your guards, old man.
William Wallace: That's my friend, Irishman. And the answer to your question is "yes". You fight for me, you get to kill the English.
Stephen: Excellent!
Stephen: Stephen is my name. I the most wanted man on my island, except I'm not on my island, of course. More's the pity.
Hamish: "Your island"? You mean Ireland?
Stephen: Yeah. It's mine.
Hamish: You're a madman.
Stephen: I've come to the right place, then.
William Wallace: It's all for nothing if you don't have freedom.
Princess Isabelle: The king desires peace.
William Wallace: Longshanks desires peace?
Princess Isabelle: He declares it to me, I swear it. He proposes that you withdraw your attack. In return he grants you title, estates, and this chest of gold which I am to pay to you personally.
William Wallace: A lordship and titles. Gold. That I should become Judas?
Princess Isabelle: Peace is made in such ways.
William Wallace: Slaves are made in such ways. The last time Longshanks spoke of peace I was a boy. And many Scottish nobles, who would not be slaves, were lured by him under a flag of truce to a barn, where he had them hanged. I was very young, but I remember Longshanks' notion of peace.
Royal Magistrate: The prisoner wishes to say a word.
William Wallace: Freedom!
Princess Isabelle: I understand you have suffered. I know... about your woman.
William Wallace: She was my wife. We married in secret because I would not share her with an English lord. They killed her to get to me. I've never spoken of it, I don't know why I tell you now, except... I see her strength in you. One day, you'll be a queen. And you must open your eyes. You tell your king that William Wallace will *not* be ruled... and nor will any Scot while I live.
Stephen: Fine speech. Now what do we do?
William Wallace: Just be yourselves.
Hamish: Where are you going?
William Wallace: I'm going to pick a fight.
Hamish: Well, we didn't get dressed up for nothing.
Hamish: Personal escort of the princess.
William Wallace: Aye.
Hamish: Musta made an impression.
William Wallace: Aye.
Hamish: I didn't think you were in the tent that long.
Hamish: Some men are longer than others.
Campbell: Your mother been telling ya stories about me again, eh?
Nicolette: Englishmen don't know what a tongue is for.
Stephen: I didn't like him anyway. He wasn't right in the head.
Argyle Wallace: Did the priest give a poetic benediction? "The Lord bless thee and keep thee...?
Young William: It was in Latin.
Argyle Wallace: You don't speak Latin? Well that's something we shall have to remedy, isn't it?
William Wallace: I'm dreaming.
Murron: Yes, you are. And you must wake.
William Wallace: I don't want to wake. I want to stay here with you.
William Wallace: Lower your flags and march straight back to England, stopping at every home you pass by to beg forgiveness for a hundred years of theft, rape, and murder. Do that and your men shall live. Do it not, and every one of you will die today.
William Wallace: I love you. Always have. I wanna marry you.
William Wallace: Give me the strength to die well.
Robert's Father: At last, you know what it means to hate. Now you're ready to be a king.
Robert the Bruce: My hate will die with you.
Mother MacClannough: In this? You're out of your mind!
William Wallace: Oh, it's good Scottish weather, madam. The rain is falling straight down. Well, slightly to the side like.
William Wallace: Why do you help me?
Princess Isabelle: Because of the way you are looking at me now.
William Wallace: That's a good throw.
Hamish: Aye. Aye, it was.
William Wallace: I was wondering if you could do that when it matters.
William Wallace: As it - as it matters in battle.
William Wallace: Could you crush a man with that throw?
Hamish: I could crush you, like a worm.
Crowd: Oooohhh!
William Wallace: You could?
Hamish: Aye.
William Wallace: Well, then do it.
William Wallace: Would you like to see him crush me like a worm?
Murron: Aye!
William Wallace: Come do it.
Hamish: You'll move.
William Wallace: I will not.
Hamish: Right.
Campbell: He'll move.
Morrison: Come on, Hamish!
Campbell: Come on there, boy!
Campbell: Well done!
Hamish: Ah!
Crowd: Oooh!
Campbell: Fine display, young Wallace!
Longshanks: Archers.
English Commander: I beg pardon, sire. Won't we hit our own troops?
Longshanks: Yes... but we'll hit theirs as well. We have reserves. Attack.
King's Advisor: Sanguinarius homo indomitus est, et se me dite cum mendacia.
William Wallace: Ego nunquam pronunciari mendacium! Sed ego sum homo indomitus.
William Wallace: Ou en français, si vous préférez?
William Wallace: You all right? You look a wee bit shaky.
Hamish: Shoulda remembered the rocks.
William Wallace: Aye, you shoulda.
William Wallace: Get up ya big heap. It's good to see you again.
Hamish: Aye, welcome home.
Hamish: Oh, me head.
William Wallace: Oh, you shoulda moved.
Morrison: Do you remember me?
Lord Bottoms: I never did her any harm. It was my right!
Morrison: Your right? Well, I'm here to claim the right of a husband!
Longshanks: The trouble with Scotland is that it's full of Scots.
William Wallace: Before we let you leave, your commander must cross that field, present himself before this army, put his head between his legs, and kiss his own arse.
Robert the Bruce: I respect what you said, but remember that these men have lands and castles. It's much to risk.
William Wallace: And the common man, who bleeds on the battlefield, does he risk less?
William Wallace: I came back home to raise crops, and God willing, a family. If I can live in peace, I will.
Robert the Bruce: I'm not a coward. I want what you want, but we need the nobles.
William Wallace: We need them?
Robert the Bruce: Aye.
William Wallace: Nobles.
William Wallace: Now tell me, what does that mean to be noble? Your title gives you claim to the throne of our country, but men don't follow titles, they follow courage. Now our people know you. Noble, and common, they respect you. And if you would just lead them to freedom, they'd follow you. And so would I
Young William: What are they doin'?
Argyle Wallace: Saying goodbye in their own way. Playing outlawed tunes on outlawed pipes.
William Wallace: Go back to England and tell them there that Scotland's daughters and her sons are yours no more. Tell them Scotland is free.
Longshanks: What news of the North?
Prince Edward: Nothing new, Your Majesty. We've sent riders to speed any word.
Longshanks: I heard the word in France where I was fighting to expand your future kingdom. The word, my son, is that our entire Northern Army is *annihilated*.
Princess Isabelle: I understand you have recently been given the rank of knight.
William Wallace: I have been given nothing. God makes men what they are.
Princess Isabelle: I've come to beg for the life of William Wallace.
Prince Edward: You're quite taken with him, aren't you?
Princess Isabelle: I respect him!
Argyle Wallace: First, learn to use
Argyle Wallace: this. Then I'll teach you to use
Argyle Wallace: this.
Stephen: The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight. It's drawn the finest people.
Longshanks: Not my gentle son. The mere sight of him would only encourage an enemy to take over the whole country. So whom do I send?
Longshanks: Who is this person who speaks to me as though I needed his advice?
Prince Edward: I have declared Phillip my high counselor.
Longshanks: Is he qualified?
Phillip: I am skilled in the arts of war and military tactics, Sire.
Longshanks: Are you? Then tell me, what advice would you offer on the present situation?
Campbell: That'll wake you up in the mornin', boy!
Hamish: What the hell are the Irish doing fighting with the English?
Stephen: I wouldn't worry about them. Didn't I tell ya before? It's my island.
William Wallace: Hamish, ride ahead to Edinburgh and assemble the council. Order it.
Hamish: Right.
William Wallace: Your island?
Stephen: My island! Yup.
Robert the Bruce: Father?
Robert's Father: Ah, come in. Come in.
Robert the Bruce: A rebellion has begun.
Robert's Father: Under whom?
Robert the Bruce: A commoner... named William Wallace.
Robert's Father: You will embrace this rebellion. Support it from our lands in the north. I will gain English favor by condemning it and ordering opposed from our lands in the south. Sit down. Stay awhile.
Robert the Bruce: This Wallace... he doesn't even have a knighthood. But he *fights*, with *passion*, and he *inspires*.
Robert's Father: And you wish to charge off and fight as he did, eh?
Robert's Father: So would I, eh?
Robert the Bruce: Well, maybe it's time.
Robert's Father: It is time... to *survive*. You're the seventeenth Robert Bruce. The sixteen before you passed you land and title because they *didn't* charge in. Call a meeting of the nobles.
Robert the Bruce: But, they do nothing but talk.
Robert's Father: Rightly so. They're as rich in English titles and lands as they are in Scottish, just as we are. You admire this man, this William Wallace. Uncompromising men are easy to admire. He has courage; so does a dog. But it is exactly the ability to *compromise* that makes a man noble. And understand this: Edward Longshanks is the most ruthless king ever to sit on the throne of England. And none of us, and nothing of Scotland will remain, unless *we* are as ruthless. Give ear to our nobles. Knowing their minds is the key to the throne.
Campbell: I'm dying. Let me be.
Hamish: No. You're going to live.
Campbell: I've lived long enough to live free. Proud to see you become the man you are. I'm a happy man.
Narrator: I shall tell you of William Wallace. Historians from England will say I am a liar, but history is written by those who have hanged heroes. The king of Scotland had died without a son, and the king of England, a cruel pagan known as Edward the Longshanks, claimed the throne of Scotland for himself. Scotland's nobles fought him, and fought each other, over the crown. So Longshanks invited them to talks of truce - no weapons, one page only. Among the farmers of that shire was Malcolm Wallace, a commoner with his own lands; he had two sons, John and William.
Malcolm Wallace: I told ye to stay.
Young William: Well, I finished my work. Where're we goin'?
Malcolm Wallace: McAndrews'. He was supposed to visit when the gatherin' was over.
Young William: Can I come?
Malcolm Wallace: No! Go home, boy.
Young William: But I want to go.
Malcolm Wallace: Go home, William, or you'll feel the back o' my hand.
Longshanks: Not the archers. My scouts tell me their archers are miles away and no threat to us. Arrows cost money. Use up the Irish. The dead cost nothing.
Robert the Bruce: ...After his execution, the body of William Wallace was torn to pieces. His head was mounted on London Bridge. His limbs were sent to the four corners of Britain as a warning. The effect it had was great... but it was not the effect that Longshanks planned. And I rode out to pay homage to the armies of England's new king, and to accept his endorsement of my crown.
Longshanks: Bring me Wallace. Alive if possible, dead... just as good.
Mother MacClannough: It's you she takes after!
Hamish: Your dream isn't about freedom. It's about Murron! You're doing this to be a hero, 'cause ya think she sees ye!
William Wallace: I don't think she sees me. I *know* she does. And your father sees you, too.
Stephen: Jesus.
William Wallace: I will love you and no other, for the rest of my life.
Murron: And I you, you and no other, for ever.
King's Advisor: Milord, the princess might be taken hostage or her life be put in jeopardy.
Longshanks: Oh, my son would be most distressed by that. Uh, but in truth, if she were to be killed, we would soon find the king of France a useful ally against the Scots. You see, as king, you must find the good in any situation.
William Wallace: Are you ready for a war?
Princess Isabelle: The king will be dead in a month and his son is a weakling. Who do you think will rule this kingdom?
Hamish: There's somebody coming.
Campbell: MacGregors from the next clan.
MacGregor: We heard about what was happenin' and don't want you "Amadans" thinkin' you can have your fun without us.
William Wallace: Go home. Some of us are in this; can't help that, now. But you can help yourselves. Go home.
MacGregor: We'll have no homes left when the English garrison from the castle comes through and burns us out. And they will!
Robert the Bruce: Now, you've achieved more than anyone ever dreamed. But, fighting these odds, it looks like rage, not courage.
William Wallace: It's well beyond rage. Help me. In the name of Christ, help yourselves. Now is our chance. Now. If we join, we can win. If we win, well then we'll have what none of us has ever had before: a country of our own.
Robert's Father: Longshanks required Wallace. So did our nobles. That was the price of your crown.
Robert the Bruce: DIE. I want you to die.
Magistrate: All of you know full well, the great pains I've always taken never to be too strict, too rigid with the application of our laws, and as a consequence, have we not learned to live together in relative peace and harmony, huh? And this day's lawlessness is how you repay my leniency. Well you leave me with little choice. An assault on the king's soldiers is the same as an assault on the king himself.
Magistrate: Now, let this scrapper come to me.
Longshanks: Scottish rebels have routed one of my garrisons and murdered the noble lord.
Prince Edward: I heard. This Wallace is a brigand, nothing more.
Longshanks: And how would you deal with this 'brigand?'
Prince Edward: Like any common thief. Have the local magistrate arrest him and punish him accordingly.
Longshanks: Leave us.
Longshanks: Wallace has already killed the magistrate, and taken control of the town!
Royal Magistrate: A most excellent idea, sire.
Longshanks: Is it?
Robert's Father: I'm the one who's rotting, but I think your face looks graver than mine. Son, we must have alliance with England to prevail here. You achieved that. You saved your family; increased your land. In time you will have all the power in Scotland.
Robert the Bruce: Lands, titles, men, power... Nothing.
Robert's Father: Nothing?
Robert the Bruce: I have nothing. Men fight for me because if they do not, I throw them off my land and I starve their wives and children. Those men who bled the ground red at Falkirk fought for William Wallace. He fights for something that I never had. And I took it from him when I betrayed him. I saw it in his face on the battlefield and it's tearing me apart.
Robert's Father: All men betray. All lose heart.
Robert the Bruce: I don't want to lose heart! I want to believe as he does... I will never be on the wrong side again.
Argyle Wallace: We'll stay here tonight. Tomorrow, you'll come home with me.
Young William: I don't want to leave.
Argyle Wallace: You didn't want your father to die either, did ya? But it happened.
Longshanks: One day you will be a king. At least try to act like one.
Robert's Father: I'm the one who's rotting, but I think your face looks graver than mine.
Hamish: What about the others? Nest o' schemin' bastards; they couldn't agree on the colour o' shite.
William Wallace: You dropped your rock.
Hamish: Test of manhood.
William Wallace: You win.
Hamish: Call it a test of soldiery then. The English won't let us train with weapons, so we train with stones.
English Soldier: You remind me of my daughter back home.
Longshanks: My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled by the heathen.
English Commander: I hope you washed your arse this morning. It's about to be kissed by a king.
Scottish soldiers: WALLACE! WALLACE! WALLACE! WALLACE!
William Wallace: I will bury you in the rose garden.
William Wallace: FREEDOM!
William Wallace: Never, in my whole life, have I ever sworn allegiance to him.
Royal Magistrate: It matters not. He is your King.
Lord Bottoms: As lord of these lands I will bless this marriage by taking the bride into my bed on the first night of her union.
Bride's Father: Oh, by God, you will not!
Stephen: Just when we thought all hope was lost, our noble saviors have arrived.
Robert the Bruce: This cannot be the way!
Robert's Father: You said yourself, the nobles will not support Wallace. So how does it help us to join the side that is slaughtered?
Robert the Bruce: I gave him my word.
Robert's Father: I know it is hard. Being a leader is. But, son... son... look at me. I cannot be king. You, and you alone, can rule Scotland. What I tell you, you must do. Not for me, not for yourself, but for your country.
Longshanks: If we can't get them out, we'll breed them out.
Stephen: My Father says I'll be OK, but he's pretty sure you're fucked!
    