
Sivagami: This is my word! My word is my law!
Bijjaladeva: What is it, you dog?
Kattappa: My Lord.
Kattappa: What have you come to bark about?
Kattappa: Baahubali's coronation will take place on the upcoming Vijaya Dashami. Queen Mother's orders were to give this news to you first.
Bijjaladeva: This is exactly what happened on that day as well! My throne was given to my younger brother, and now, my son's throne is being given to that very brother's son. My son, my son's son, and his sons, will we just remain slaves? Tell me, you dog, why wasn't I made king?
Bijjaladeva: Because I am handicapped? So what if one arm is disabled, is this iron fist not enough to rule our kingdom?
Kattappa: You weren't rejected kingship because of your disabled arm my lord, but because of your handicapped brain.
Setu Patti: Your orders, my lord!
Bijjaladeva: You dog! Have you forgotten that anyone who speaks ill about the royal family gets his tongue cut off!
Kattappa: Forgive me, but a person who thinks of killing his own wife, what is his brain but handicapped?
Bijjaladeva: You overheard?
Kattappa: No my lord. Since I am after all a dog, I was able to smell it!
Mahendra Baahubali: My first order with Queen Mother Sivagami Devi as the witness. In our kingdom, those who believe in justice and hard work will be able to walk with their heads held high, and if anyone thinks of harming these good people, whoever it may be, their heads shall burn in the flames of hell. This is my order and my order is the law !
Bijjaladeva: Bhalla, have you ever considered killing your mother? I did. When, upon his birth, she shared with him the affection only you were entitled to, for the first time I thought of killing her. Shares in wealth, glory, and even rights! When she was giving him half of everything, I felt like killing her! And now, when the throne is being passed on to him, I feel like crushing her throat with these very hands. So Bhalla, should we kill her?
Amarendra Baahubali: He is a sinner and thus, his head has been severed.
Amarendra Baahubali: Touching Devasena is equivalent to touching Baahubali's sword.
Amarendra Baahubali: The one who gives life is God, the one who protects the life is the physician, and the one who saves that life is the Kshatriya.
Bhallaladeva: Mahishmathi, ever since I can remember, I have longed for you. In every dream I saw you fitted onto my head. After all these years, after all these conspiracies, you came into my grasp. Then why are you running away from me now? I made you my first priority, so why have you rejected me and chosen Baahubali instead?
Bijjaladeva: Bhalla, you are the king now. Order Baahubali to be killed. Who is going to stop you? Have him killed!
Bhallaladeva: I have the power to command, but the power to execute still lies with the Queen Mother. This custom needs to be changed.
Bijjaladeva: Change Sivagami? The sun can never rise from the west, Bhalla.
Bhallaladeva: Whether it rises from the west or not, I will make it set in the east.
Devasena: I insulted you by mocking your orders. I hurt you by sending a prideful response. Can you forgive my arrogance, Queen Mother?
Sivagami: So much arrogance in Sivagami's daughter-in-law...
Sivagami: ... is appealing.
Amarendra Baahubali: As long as you are with me, the one who can kill me hasn't been born yet, Uncle.
Sivagami: By realizing the greatness of Baahubali, you have risen high above the sky. And by killing the son I nursed, I have fallen at your feet. What else can I do now, but go to him and wash his feet with my tears? What else can I do?
Sivagami: Amarenda Baahubali is no more!
Sivagami: Now your king is...
Sivagami: ... MAHENDRA BAAHUBALI!
Kattappa: Your mother and your motherland have been waiting for 25 years, only for you Mahendra.
Sivagami: If Baahubali is given the death sentence, the subjects will revolt, the court will split into factions. War within! This won't be good for our kingdom.
Bijjaladeva: So are you just going to let such a criminal get away?
Sivagami: BAAHUBALI'S DEATH IS CERTAIN!
Sivagami: But his blood shouldn't stain the King's hands. He shouldn't go down in history as his younger brother's murderer.
Bijjaladeva: Then what should be do?     