
Jack: Well, yes, ma'am, I do... I mean, I got everything I need right here with me. I got air in my lungs, a few blank sheets of paper. I mean, I love waking up in the morning not knowing what's gonna happen or, who I'm gonna meet, where I'm gonna wind up. Just the other night I was sleeping under a bridge and now here I am on the grandest ship in the world having champagne with you fine people. I figure life's a gift and I don't intend on wasting it. You don't know what hand you're gonna get dealt next. You learn to take life as it comes at you... to make each day count.
Molly Brown: Well said, Jack.
Rose: I love you, Jack.
Jack: Don't you do that, don't say your good-byes. Not yet, do you understand me?
Rose: I'm so cold.
Jack: Listen, Rose. You're gonna get out of here, you're gonna go on and you're gonna make lots of babies, and you're gonna watch them grow. You're gonna die an old... an old lady warm in her bed, not here, not this night. Not like this, do you understand me?
Rose: I can't feel my body.
Jack: Winning that ticket, Rose, was the best thing that ever happened to me... it brought me to you. And I'm thankful for that, Rose. I'm thankful. You must do me this honor. Promise me you'll survive. That you won't give up, no matter what happens, no matter how hopeless. Promise me now, Rose, and never let go of that promise.
Rose: I promise.
Jack: Never let go.
Rose: I'll never let go, Jack. I'll never let go. I promise.
Jack: Where to, Miss?
Rose: To the stars.
Rose: I believe you are blushing, Mr. Big Artiste. I can't imagine Monsieur Monet blushing.
Jack: He does landscapes.
Jack: I'm the king of the world!
Jack: Do you love him?
Rose: Pardon me?
Jack: Do you love him?
Rose: Well, you're being very rude. You shouldn't be asking me this.
Jack: Well, it's a simple question. Do you love the guy or not?
Rose: This is not a suitable conversation.
Jack: Why can't you just answer the question?
Rose: This is absurd. I don't know you and you don't know me and we are not having this conversation at all. You are rude and uncouth, and presumptuous, and I am leaving now.
Rose: Rose: Jack... Mister Dawson, it's been a pleasure. I've sought you out to thank you, and now I have thanked you.
Jack: And even insulted me.
Rose: Well, you deserved it.
Jack: Right.
Rose: Right.
Jack: I thought you were leaving.
Rose: I am. You are so annoying.
Jack: Ha, ha.
Rose: Wait, I don't have to leave, this is my part of the ship. You leave.
Jack: Oh ho, ho, well well well, now who's being rude?
Lewis Bodine: We never found anything on Jack... there's no record of him at all.
Old Rose: No, there wouldn't be, would there? And I've never spoken of him until now... Not to anyone... Not even your grandfather... A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets. But now you know there was a man named Jack Dawson and that he saved me... in every way that a person can be saved. I don't even have a picture of him. He exists now... only in my memory.
Rose: Jack...
Rose: Jack... Jack...
Rose: Jack, there's a boat! Jack...
Rose: Jack, Jack...
Rose: JACK!
Rose: Jack?
Rose: There's a boat, Jack...
Jack: Don't do it.
Rose: Stay back! Don't come any closer!
Jack: Come on, just give me your hand. I'll pull you back over.
Rose: No, stay where you are! I mean it! I'll let go!
Jack: No, you won't.
Rose: What do you mean, "No, I won't"? Don't presume to tell me what I will and will not do, you don't know me!
Jack: Well, you woulda done it already.
Rose: You're distracting me! Go away!
Jack: I can't. I'm involved now. You let go, and I'm, I'm 'onna have to jump in there after you.
Rose: Don't be absurd. You'd be killed!
Jack: I'm a good swimmer.
Rose: The fall alone would kill you.
Jack: It would hurt. I'm not saying it wouldn't. Tell you the truth, I'm a lot more concerned about that water being so cold.
Rose: How cold?
Jack: Freezing. Maybe a couple degrees over. You ever, uh, you ever been to Wisconsin?
Rose: What?
Jack: Well, they have some of the coldest winters around. I grew up there, near Chippewa Falls. I remember when I was a kid, me and my father, we went ice fishing out on Lake Wissota. Ice fishing is, you know, where you...
Rose: I know what ice fishing is!
Jack: Sorry. You just seem like, you know, kind of an indoor girl. Anyway, I, uh, I fell through some thin ice; and I'm telling you, water that cold, like right down there...
Jack: ... it hits you like a thousand knives stabbing you all over your body. You can't breathe. You can't think. At least, not about anything but the pain. Which is why I'm not looking forward to jumping in there after you.
Jack: Like I said, I don't have a choice. I guess I'm kinda hoping you'll come back over the railing, an' get me off the hook here.
Rose: You're crazy.
Jack: That's what everybody says but, with all due respect, Miss, I'm not the one hanging off the back of a ship here. Come on. C'mon, give me your hand. You don't want to do this.
Jack: Whew! I'm Jack Dawson.
Rose: Rose De Witt Bukater.
Jack: I'm gonna have to get you to write that one down.
Old Rose: It's been 84 years, and I can still smell the fresh paint. The china had never been used. The sheets had never been slept in. Titanic was called the Ship of Dreams, and it was. It *really* was...
Rose: Hello Jack. I changed my mind.
Jack: Shhh. Gimme your hand. Now close your eyes, go on. Now step up. Now hold on to the railing. Keep your eyes closed, don't peek.
Jack: Step up on the railing. Hold on, hold on. Keep your eyes closed. Do you trust me?
Rose: I trust you.
Jack: Jack: All right. Open your eyes.
Rose: I'm flying, Jack!
Rose: I'm flying, Jack!
Jack: Come, Josephine, in my flying machine, going up, she goes up, up she goes.
Carpathia Steward: Can I take your name, please love?
Rose: Dawson, Rose Dawson.
Jack: Goodbye!
Fabrizio: You know somebody?
Jack: Of course not! That's not the point! Goodbye, I'll miss you!
Fabrizio: Goodbye! I'm gonna never forget you!
Rose: Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls. Wearing this...
Jack: All right.
Rose: Wearing *only* this.
Jack: I don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly worded letter to the White Star Line about all of this.
Jack: I saw that in a nickelodeon once and I always wanted to do it.
Ismay: Most unfortunate, captain!
Thomas Andrews: Water... fourteen feet above the keel in ten minutes. In the forepeak, in all three holds and in the boiler room six.
Ismay: When can we get underway, damnit!
Thomas Andrews: That's five compartments! She can stay afloat with the first four compartments breached, but not five!
Thomas Andrews: Not five. As she goes down by the head, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads at E deck from one to the next. Back and back. There's no stopping it.
Smith: The pumps... if we opened the doors...
Thomas Andrews: The pumps buy you time, but minutes only. From this moment, no matter what we do, Titanic will founder.
Ismay: But this ship can't sink!
Thomas Andrews: She's made of iron, sir! I assure you, she can... and she will. It is a mathematical certainty.
Smith: How much time?
Thomas Andrews: An hour... two at most.
Smith: And how many aboard, Mr. Murdoch?
1st Officer William Murdoch: 2,200 souls on board, sir.
Smith: Well, I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. Ismay.
Rose: I know what you must be thinking. "Poor little rich girl, what does she know about misery?"
Jack: No, no, that's not what I was thinking. What I was thinking was, what could've happened to this girl to make her think she had no way out?
Lewis Bodine: Wait a second. You were going to kill youself by jumping off of the Titanic?
Lewis Bodine: All you had to do was wait two days!
Cal Hockley: You're a good liar.
Jack: Almost as good as you. There's uh- there's no arrangement is there?
Cal Hockley: Oh, there is... Not that you'll benefit from it... I always win, Jack.
Employee: Hey! What do you think you're doing? You'll have to pay for that, you know? That's White Star Line property.
Jack, Rose: Shut up!
Rose: Jack! This is where we first met.
Tommy Ryan: Music to drown by. Now I know I'm in first class.
Ruth: Will the lifeboats be seated according to class? I hope they're not too crowded.
Rose: Oh mother, shut up! Don't you understand? The water is freezing and there aren't enough boats. Not enough by half. Half the people on this ship are going to die.
Cal Hockley: Not the better half.
Molly Brown: Come on Ruth, get in the boat. First-class seats are right up here.
Cal Hockley: You know, it's a pity I didn't keep that drawing. It'll be worth a lot more by morning.
Rose: You unimaginable bastard!
Jack: Rose! You're so stupid. Why did you do that, huh? You're so stupid, Rose. Why did you do that? Why?
Rose: You jump, I jump, right?
Jack: Right.
Rose: Oh God! I couldn't go. I couldn't go, Jack.
Jack: It's all right. We'll think of something.
Rose: At least I'm with you.
Rose: Mr. Andrews... I saw the iceberg and I see it in your eyes... please, tell me the truth.
Thomas Andrews: The ship will sink.
Rose: You're certain?
Thomas Andrews: Yes. In an hour or so, all of this will be at the bottom of the Atlantic.
Cal Hockley: What?
Thomas Andrews: Please, tell only who you must. I don't want to be responsible for a panic. And get to a boat quickly, don't wait. You remember what I told you about the boats?
Rose: Yes... I understand.
Rose: I'll never let go, Jack. I promise.
Jack: Rose, you're no picnic, all right? You're a spoiled little brat, even, but under that, you're the most amazingly, astounding, wonderful girl, woman that I've ever known...
Rose: Jack, I...
Jack: No, let me try and get this out. You're ama- I'm not an idiot, I know how the world works. I've got ten bucks in my pocket, I have no-nothing to offer you and I know that. I understand. But I'm too involved now. You jump, I jump remember? I can't turn away without knowing you'll be all right... That's all that I want.
Rose: Well, I'm fine... I'll be fine... really.
Jack: Really? I don't think so. They've got you trapped, Rose. And you're gonna die if you don't break free. Maybe not right away because you're strong but... sooner or later that fire that I love about you, Rose... that fire's gonna burn out...
Rose: It's not up to you to save me, Jack.
Jack: You're right... only you can do that.
Jack: God! Look at that thing! You would've gone straight to the bottom.
Old Rose: My heart was pounding the whole time. It was the most erotic moment of my life. Up until then, at least.
Lewis Bodine: So what happened next?
Old Rose: You mean, did we "do it"? Sorry to disappoint you Mr. Bodine, but Jack was very professional.
Fabrizio: I can see the Statue of Liberty already; very small, of course!
Thomas Andrews: I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
Wallace Hartley: Gentlemen. It has been a privilege playing with you tonight.
Rose: Teach me to ride like a man.
Jack: And chew tobacco like a man.
Rose: And spit like a man!
Jack: What, they didn't teach you that in finishing school?
Old Rose: I saw my whole life as if I'd already lived it. An endless parade of parties and cotillions, yachts and polo matches. Always the same narrow people, the same mindless chatter. I felt like I was standing at a great precipice, with no one to pull me back, no one who cared... or even noticed...
Old Rose: This was mine. How extraordinary! And it looks the same as it did last time I saw it. The reflection's changed a bit...
Brock Lovett: 26 years of experience working against him. He figures anything big enough to sink the ship they're gonna see in time to turn. The ship's too big with too small a rudder. It doesn't corner worth a damn. Everything he knows is wrong.
Jack: I'm gonna dance with her now, all right?
Jack: Come on.
Rose: What?
Jack: Come on, come with me.
Rose: Jack! Jack, wait. I can't do this.
Jack: We're gonna have to get a little bit closer. Like this.
Jack: You're still my best girl, Cora.
Jack: Are you nervous?
Rose: No.
Rose: Put your hands on me, Jack.
Lewis Bodine: Okay here we go. She hits the berg on the starboard side, right? She kind of bumps along punching holes like Morse code, dit dit dit, along the side, below the water line. Then the forward compartments start to flood. Now as the water level rises, it spills over the watertight bulkheads, which unfortunately don't go any higher then E deck. So now as the bow goes down, the stern rises up. Slow at first, then faster and faster until finally she's got her whole ass sticking up in the air - And that's a big ass, we're talking 20-30,000 tons. Okay? And the hull's not designed to deal with that pressure, so what happens? "KRRRRRRKKK!" She splits. Right down to the keel. And the stern falls back level. Then as the bow sinks it pulls the stern vertical and then finally detaches. Now the stern section just kind of bobs there like a cork for a couple of minutes, floods and finally goes under about 2:20am two hours and forty minutes after the collision. The bow section planes away, landing about half a mile away going about 20-30 knots when it hits the ocean floor. "BOOM, PLCCCCCGGG!"... Pretty cool, huh?
Old Rose: Thank you for that fine forensic analysis, Mr. Bodine. Of course, the experience of it was... somewhat different.
Jack: Wait, wait, wait! Take a couple practice swings over there.
Jack: Good! Now try and hit the same mark again, Rose. You can do it!
Jack: Okay, that's enough practice.
Rose: I don't know the steps!
Jack: Neither do I! Just go with it!
Rose: It's so unfair.
Ruth: Of course it's unfair. We're women. Our choices are never easy.
Molly Brown: Hey, uh, who thought of the name Titanic? Was it you, Bruce?
Ismay: Yes, actually. I wanted to convey sheer size, and size means stability, luxury, and above all, strength.
Rose: Do you know of Dr. Freud, Mr. Ismay? His ideas about the male preoccupation with size might be of particular interest to you.
Ruth: What's gotten into you?
Rose: Excuse me.
Ruth: I do apologize.
Molly Brown: She's a pistol, Cal! Hope you can handle her.
Cal Hockley: Well, I may have to start minding what she reads from now on, won't I, Mrs. Brown?
Ismay: Freud? Who is he? Is he a passenger?
Old Rose: That's the last time I ever saw him. He married, of course. And inherited his millions. But the crash of '29 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol in his mouth that year. Or so I read.
Rose: When the ship docks, I'm getting off with you.
Jack: This is crazy.
Rose: I know. It doesn't make any sense. That's why I trust it
Ruth: You are not to see that boy again. Do you understand me? Rose, I forbid it.
Rose: Oh stop it, mother. You'll give yourself a nose bleed.
Bobby Buell: Brock! Brock! There's a satellite call for you.
Brock Lovett: Bobby, we're launching now. See these submersibles going into the water?
Bobby Buell: Trust me, buddy, you wanna take this call.
Brock Lovett: This better be good.
Bobby Buell: Now, ya gotta speak up, she's kinda old.
Brock Lovett: Great.
Brock Lovett: This is Brock Lovett. How can I help you, Mrs...?
Bobby Buell: Calvert. Rose Calvert.
Brock Lovett: ...Mrs. Calvert?
Old Rose: I was just wondering if you had found the "Heart of the Ocean" yet, Mr. Lovett.
Brock Lovett: Bobby Buell: Told ya ya wanted to take the call.
Brock Lovett: All right, you have my attention, Rose. Can you tell us who the woman in the picture is?
Old Rose: Oh yes, the woman in the picture is me!
Rose: Mother! May I introduce Jack Dawson?
Ruth: Charmed, I'm sure.
Old Rose: The others were gracious and curious about the man who had saved my life. But my mother looked at him like an insect. A dangerous insect, which must be squashed quickly.
Rose: What? Do you think a first class girl can't drink?
Rose: You're trembling.
Jack: Don't worry. I'll be all right.
Rose: You have a gift Jack, you do. You see people.
Jack: I see you.
Rose: And?
Jack: You wouldn't have jumped.
Ruth: Tell us of the accommodations in steerage, Mr. Dawson. I hear they are quite good on this ship.
Jack: The best I've seen, ma'am. Hardly any rats.
Jack: All right, the moment of truth. Somebody's life is about to change. Fabrizio?
Fabrizio: I have nothing
Jack: two pairs. I'm sorry, Fabrizio.
Fabrizio: You should be sorry, you bet all our money!
Jack: I'm sorry, you're not gonna see your mom again for a long time, 'cause we're going to America, full house boys! Wohoo!
Fifth Officer Lowe: We waited too long.
Molly Brown: Do you have the slightest comprehension of what you're getting into?
Jack: Not really.
Molly Brown: Well, you're about to fall into the snake pit... what are you planning to wear?
Molly Brown: I thought so. Come on.
Father Byles: And God will wipe away the tears from their eyes; and there will no longer be any death; there will be no more pain; the former world has passed away.
Rose: The last thing I need is another portrait of me looking like a porcelain doll
Rose: as a paying customer I expect to get what I want
Jack: Over on the bed... the couch.
Jack: Oh shit this is cold! Shit, shit, shit.
Jack: Rose! How did you find out I didn't do it?
Rose: I didn't. I just realized I already knew.
Brock Lovett: Three years, I've thought of nothing except Titanic; but I never got it... I never let it in.
Lovejoy: You'll want to tie those.
Lovejoy: It's interesting. The young lady slipped so suddenly and you still had time to remove your jacket and your shoes.
Rose: Next it will be brandies in the smoking room.
Col. Archibald Gracie: Join me in a brandy, gentlemen?
Rose: Now they will retreat into a cloud of smoke and congratulate each other on being masters of the universe.
Benjamin Guggenheim: No, thank you. We are dressed in our best and are prepared to go down as gentlemen. But, we would like a brandy.
Tommy Ryan: That's typical. First class dogs come down here to take a shite.
Jack: That's so we know where we rank in the scheme of things.
Tommy Ryan: Like we could forget.
Jack: So, you wanna go to a real party?
Musician: What's the use? Nobody's listening to us anyway.
Wallace Hartley: Well, they don't listen to us at dinner either.
Lovejoy: What could possibly be funny?
Cal Hockley: I put the diamond in the coat. And I put the coat on her!
Rose: So you think you're big tough men?
Rose: Then let's see you do this. Hold this for me Jack.
Rose: Hold it up!
3rd Class Woman: Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
Thomas Andrews: Mr. Lightoller, why are the boats being launched half full?
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: Not now, Mr. Andrews.
Thomas Andrews: Look, 20 or so in a boat built for 65? And I saw one boat with only 12, 12!
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: Well, we weren't sure of the weight, Mr. Andrews. These boats may buckle.
Thomas Andrews: Rubbish! They were tested in Belfast with the weight of 70 men! Now, fill these boats, Mr. Lightoller, for God's sake, man!
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: Please, I need more women and children, please!
Irish Mommy: And so they lived, happily together for three-hundred years. In the land of Tír na nÓg, of eternal youth and beauty.
Robert Hitchins: You don't understand. If we go back, they'll swamp the boat, they'll pull us right down, I'm tellin' you!
Molly Brown: Knock it off. You're scaring me. C'mon girls! Grab an oar, let's go!
Robert Hitchins: Are you out of your mind? We're in the middle of the North Atlantic! Now do you people want to live, or do you want to die?
Molly Brown: I don't understand a one of you. What's the matter with ya? It's your men out there! There's plenty o' room for more!
Robert Hitchins: And there'll be one less on this boat, if you don't shut that hole in your face!
Jack: That's one of the good things about Paris: lots of girls willing to take their clothes off.
Lookout Frederick Fleet: PICK UP, YOU BASTARDS!
6th Officer Moody: Lookout Frederick Fleet: Is there anyone there?
6th Officer Moody: Yes, what do you see?
Lookout Frederick Fleet: Iceberg, right ahead!
6th Officer Moody: Thank you.
6th Officer Moody: Iceberg right ahead!
6th Officer Moody, 1st Officer William Murdoch: Hard a'starboard!
Jack: Wait! We're passengers! We're passengers!
6th Officer Moody: Have you been through the inspection queue?
Jack: Of course! Anyway, we don't have lice, we're Americans.
Jack: Both of us.
6th Officer Moody: Right. Come aboard.
Rose: You liked this woman. You used her several times.
Jack: Well, she has beautiful hands, see?
Rose: I think you must have had a love affair with her.
Jack: No no no, just with her hands.
Jack: She was a one-legged prostitute. See? Ah, she had a good sense of humour though.
Cal Hockley: God, not those finger paintings again. They certainly were a waste of money.
Rose: The difference between Cal's taste in art and mine is that I have some. They're fascinating. It's like being inside a dream or something. There's truth but no logic.
Trudy Bolt: What's the artist's name?
Rose: Something Picasso.
Cal Hockley: Something Picasso? He won't amount to a thing.
Cal Hockley: He won't, trust me. At least they were cheap.
Ruth: So this is the ship they say is unsinkable.
Cal Hockley: It is unsinkable. God himself could not sink this ship!
Jack: We are the luckiest sons of bitches in the world, you know that?
Irish Little Boy: What are we doing, mommy?
Irish Mommy: We're just waiting, dear. When they're finished putting first class people in the boat, they'll be starting with us. And we ought to be ready, oughtn't we?
Fabrizio: Helga, you come with me now. I am very lucky is my destiny to go to America please.
Fabrizio: Come.
Helga Dahl: I'm sorry.
Fabrizio: I will never forget you.
Molly Brown: God Almighty.
Jack: This is bad!
Rose: As a paying customer, I expect to get what I want.
Ismay: So you've not yet lit the last four boilers?
Smith: No, I don't see the need. We are making excellent time.
Ismay: The press knows the size of Titanic. Now I want them to marvel at her speed. We must give them something new to print! This maiden voyage of Titanic must make headlines!
Smith: Mr. Ismay, I would prefer not to push the engines until they've been properly run in.
Ismay: Of course, I'm just a passenger. I leave it to your good offices to decide what's best. But what a glorious end to your final crossing if we were to get to New York on Tuesday night and surprise them all! Make the morning papers. Retire with a bang, eh E.J.?
Ismay: Good man.
Rose: Mr. Andrews, forgive me. I did the sum in my head and with the number of lifeboats times the capacity you mentioned, forgive me, but it seems that there are not enough for everyone aboard.
Thomas Andrews: 'Bout half, actually. Rose, you miss nothing, do you?
Old Rose: It was the ship of dreams to everyone else. To me it was a slave ship, taking me back to America in chains. Outwardly, I was everything a well brought up girl should be. Inside, I was screaming.
Lewis Bodine: She's a goddamn liar! Some nutcase seeking money or publicity, God only knows what. Like that Russian babe, Anesthesia.
Lewis Bodine: Lewis Bodine: Rose DeWitt Bukater died on the Titanic when she was seventeen, right?
Brock Lovett: That's right.
Lewis Bodine: If she had lived, she'd be over a hundred by now.
Brock Lovett: One-hundred and one next month.
Lewis Bodine: Okay, so she's a very OLD goddamn liar! Look, I've already done the background on this woman all the way back to the twenties, when she was working as an actress. An actress! There's your first clue, Sherlock! Her name was Rose Dawson back then. Then she marries this guy named Calvert, they move to Cedar Rapids and she punches out a couple of kids. Now Calvert's dead, and from what I hear Cedar Rapids is dead!
Brock Lovett: And everyone who knows about the diamond is supposed to be dead, or on this boat, but she knows!
Fifth Officer Lowe: Is there anyone alive out there? Can anyone hear me?
Col. Archibald Gracie: Well, the boy's a hero then! Good for you, son. Well done.
Tommy Ryan: You can't keep us locked up in here like animals - the ship's bloody sinking!
Molly Brown: You shine up like a new penny.
Lewis Bodine: Incredible. There's Smith and he's standing there and he's got the iceberg warning in his fucking hand, excuse me, his hand, and he's ordering more speed.
Jack: Are these all for me?
Molly Brown: Just start from the outside and work your way in.
Jack: I never cared too much for all that Dadaism and Cubism. Just had no heart.
Rose: I like some of it.
Jack: Really? For me Paris was more about living on the streets and trying to put it on paper.
Rose: You know, my dream has always been to run away and become an artist, Living in a garrett poor but free!
Jack: You wouldn't last 2 days. Theres no hot water and hardly any caviar.
Rose: Staring up at the sky, Look. It's so beautiful. SO vast and endless. They're so small. My crowd, they think they're giants. They're not even dust in Gods eyes.
Jack: Well, there's been a mistake. You're not one of them. You got mailed to the wrong address.
Rose: Laughs, I did, didn't I? LOOK, a shooting star!
Jack: It was a long one. You know, my Pop's used to tell me, every time he saw one, it was a soul going to heaven.
Rose: I like that. Are we supposed to wish on it?
Jack: Why? What would you wish for?
Rose: Something I can't have.
Rose: J.J., Madeline, this is Jack Dawson.
Astor: Hello, Jack. Are you of the Boston Dawsons?
Jack: No, the, uh, Chippewa Falls Dawsons, actually.
Astor: Oh yes...
Cal Hockley: I make my own luck.
Lovejoy: So do I.
Thomas Andrews: Sleep soundly, young Rose, for I have built you a good ship, strong and true, she's all the lifeboats you need.
Countess of Rothes: Excuse me, why have the engines stopped? I felt a shudder.
Steward #1: I shouldn't worry, madam. We've likely thrown a propeller blade, that's the shudder you felt. May I bring you anything?
Countess of Rothes: No, thank you.
Waiter: How do you take your caviar, sir?
Jack: No caviar for me, thanks. Never did like it much.
Molly Brown: Ain't nothing to it, is there, Jack? Remember, they love money so pretend like you own a gold mine and then you're in the club.
Robert Hitchins: C'mon, pull! Pull!
Smith: Come back! Come back to the ship! Boat 6, come back to the ship!
Molly Brown: Stop! We have to go back!
Robert Hitchins: No. The suction will pull us down if we don't keep going.
Molly Brown: We've lots more room! I say we go back.
Robert Hitchins: No! It's our lives now, not theirs. And I'm in charge of this boat, madam! Now *row*!
Smith: This is the captain! This is the captain! Come back!
Smith: The fools.
1st Officer William Murdoch: Stop pushing! Stay back!
Tommy Ryan: Will you give us a chance to live, you limey bastard?
1st Officer William Murdoch: I'll shoot any man that tries to get past me! Get back!
Tommy Ryan: Bastard!
1st Officer William Murdoch: Get Back!
Cal Hockley: We had a deal, damn you!
1st Officer William Murdoch: Your money can't save you any more than it can save me. Get Back!
Male Passenger: Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death...
Jack: You want to walk a little faster through that valley there?
Rose: I am not a foreman in one of your mills that you can command. I am your fiancée.
Cal Hockley: My fian... my fiancée! Yes, you are, and my wife. My wife in practice if not yet by law, so you will honor me. You will honor me the way a wife is required to honor a husband. Because I will not be made a fool, Rose. Is this in any way unclear?
Rose: No.
Molly Brown: Why do they insist on announcing dinner like a damned cavalry charge?
Smith: What was that, Mr. Murdoch?
1st Officer William Murdoch: An iceberg, sir. I put a hard a'starboard and ran the engines full astern, but it was too close. I tried to port 'round it, but she hit and the...
Smith: Close the watertight doors.
1st Officer William Murdoch: The doors are closed, sir.
Smith: All stop!
Smith: Find the carpenter. Get him to sound the ship.
1st Officer William Murdoch: Yes, sir!
Ruth: The purpose of university is to find a suitable husband. Rose has already done that.
Cal Hockley: I hope you enjoy your time together!
Lewis Bodine: Looks like someone left the water running...
Brock Lovett: Thirteen meters; you should see it.
Brock Lovett: OK; take her up and over the bow rail.
Brock Lovett: Dive six, here we are again on the deck of Titanic. Two and a half miles down. Three-thousand, eight hundred and twenty-one meters. The pressure outside is three-and-a-half tons per square inch. These windows are nine inches thick, and if they go, it's sayonara in two micro-seconds.
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: Get back, I say, or I'll shoot you all like dogs! Keep order here! Keep order I say. Mr. Lowe, man this boat.
Cal Hockley: Any room for a gentleman, gentlemen?
Rose: That's John Jacob Astor, the richest man on the ship. His little wifey there, Madeline, is my age and in a delicate condition. See how she's trying to hide it?
Brock Lovett: Seeing her coming out of the darkness like a ghost ship, it still gets me every time.
Brock Lovett: It still gets me every time... to see the sad ruin of the great ship sitting here, where she landed at 2:30 in the morning, April 15, 1912, after her long fall from the world above.
Lewis Bodine: You are so full of shit, Boss!
Rose: Mr Andrews? Mr Andrews? Thank God! Where would the master of arms take someone under arrest?
Thomas Andrews: What? You have to get to a lifeboat right away!
Rose: No! I'm doing this with or without your help sir. But without will take longer.
Thomas Andrews: Take the elevator to the very bottom, then go to the left, down the crewman passage, then go right, then left again at the stairs and you'll come to a long corridor.
Cal Hockley: We'll both have the lamb, medium-rare with very little mint sauce.
Cal Hockley: You like lamb, don't you sweet-pea?
Molly Brown: You gonna cut her meat for her, too, Cal?
Smith: Clear.
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: Yes. I don't think I've ever seen such a flat calm.
Smith: Like a mill pond, not a breath of wind.
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: It will make the bergs harder to see... with no breaking water at the base.
Smith: Hmm. Well, I'm off. Mantain speed and heading, Mr. Lightoller.
Second Officer Charles Herbert Lightoller: Yes, sir.
Rose: I don't see what all of the fuss is about. It doesn't look any bigger than the Mauritania.
Cal Hockley: You can be blasé about some things, Rose, but not about Titanic. It's over a hundred feet longer than the Mauritania and far more luxurious!
Bert Cartmell: It's a big boat, huh?
Cora Cartmell: Daddy, it's a ship!
Bert Cartmell: You're right.
Tommy Ryan: Ah, forget it, boyo. You're as like to have angels fly out your arse as get next to the likes of her.
Smith: Take her to sea, Mr. Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs.
4th Officer Joseph Boxhall: Bloody pull faster and pull!
Rose: I'm through being polite, goddammit! Now, take me down.
Jack: There's, uh, there's no arrangement is there?
Cal Hockley: No, there is. Not that you'll benefit much from it. I always win Jack, one way or another.
Cal Hockley: Rose is displeased... what to do?
Lewis Bodine: Oh baby, baby, are you seein' this, boss?
Brock Lovett: It's pay day, boys.
Ismay: Do you know who I am?
Fifth Officer Lowe: You're a passenger and I'm a ship bloody officer! NOW DO AS YOU'RE TOLD!
Tommy Ryan: For God sake man, there are women and children down here! Let us out so we can have a chance!
Master at Arms: Was that the way of it?
Jack: Yeah. Yeah, that was pretty much shit.
Jack: We're a couple of regular swells.
Cal Hockley: Where are you going? To him? What, to be a whore to a gutter rat?
Rose: I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
Cal Hockley: Completely unacceptable! What made you think you could put your hands on my fiancée? Look at me, you filth!
Ruth: Tell us of the accomodations in steerage, Mr. Dawson. I hear they're quite good on the ship.
Jack: The best I've seen, Ma'am. Hardly any rats.
Cal Hockley: Mr. Dawson is joining us from the Third Class. He was of some assistance to my fiancée last night.
Rose: It turns out that Mr. Dawson is quite a fine artist. He was kind enough to show me some of us work today.
Cal Hockley: Rose and I differ somewhat in our opinion of fine art...
Cal Hockley: Not to impune you work, sir.
Jack: Are these all for me?
Molly Brown: Just start from the outside and work your way in.
Ismay: He has every rivet in it, don't you, Thomas?
Rose: Your ship is a wonder, Mr. Andrews, truly.
Thomas Andrews: Thank you, Rose.
Waiter: How do you take your caviar, sir?
Jack: No caviar for me, thanks. Never did like it much.
Ruth: And where exactly do you live, Mr. Dawson?
Jack: Well, right now, my address is the RMS Titanic, after that, I'm on God's good humor.
Ruth: And how is it you have means to travel?
Jack: I work my way from place to place, you know, tramp steamers and such, but I won my ticket on Titanic here in a lucky hand of poker, a very lucky hand.
Col. Archibald Gracie: All life is a game of luck.
Cal Hockley: A real man makes his own luck, Archie. Right, Dawson.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Ruth: And you find that sort of rootless existence appealing, do you?
Jack: Well, yes, ma'am, I do. I mean, I've got everything I need right here with me. I've got air in my lungs and a few blank sheets of paper. I mean, I love waking up in the morning not knowing what's going to happen or...
Jack: ... Who I'm gonna meet, where I'm gonna wind up. Just the other night, I was sleeping under a bridge and now, here I am on the grandest ship in the world having champagne with you fine people.
Jack: I'll take some more of that.
Jack: I figured life's a gift and I don't intend on wasting it. You never know what hand you're gonna get dealt next. You learn to take life as it comes at you.
Jack: Here you go, Cal.
Jack: To make each day count.
Molly Brown: Well said, Jack.
Col. Archibald Gracie: Here, here.
Rose: To making it count.
Cal Hockley: I know you've been melancholy. I don't pretend to know why.
Cal Hockley: I intended to save this until the engagement gala next week but I thought tonight.
Rose: Good gracious.
Cal Hockley: Perhaps as a reminder of my feelings for you.
Rose: Is it a...?
Cal Hockley: Diamond? Yes.
Cal Hockley: 56 carats to be exact. It was worn by Louis XVI and they called it "Le Coeur de la Mer".
Cal Hockley: "The Heart of the Ocean".
Rose: "The Heart of the Ocean".
Cal Hockley: Yes.
Rose: It's overwhelming.
Cal Hockley: Well, it's for royalty. We are royalty, Rose. You know, there's nothing I couldn't give you. There's nothing I'd deny you... if you'd not deny me. Oh, open your heart to me, Rose.
Old Rose: 1500 people went into the sea when Titanic sank from under us. There were 20 boats floating nearby and only one came back, one. Six were saved from the water, myself included. Six out of 1500. Afterward, the 700 people in the boats had nothing to, but wait, wait to die, wait to live, wait for an absolution that would never come.
Carpathia Steward: Sir, I don't think you'll find any of your people down here. It's all steerage.
Old Rose: That was the last time I ever saw him. He married, of course, and inherited his millions. But the crash of '29 hit his interest hard and he put a pistol in his mouth that year, or so I read.
Carpathia Steward: Can I take your name, please, love.
Rose: Dawson. Rose Dawn.
Carpathia Steward: Thank you.
Lewis Bodine: We never found anything on Jack. There's no record of him at all.
Old Rose: No, there wouldn't be, would there and I've never spoken of him before, not to anyone...
Old Rose: ... Not even your Grandfather.
Old Rose: A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets. But now you know there was a man named Jack Dawson and that he saved me in every way a person can be saved. I don't even have a picture of him. He exists now... only in my memory.     