
Mulan: Would you like to stay for dinner?
Grandmother Fa: Would you like to stay forever?
The Emperor of China: The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.
Shang: Sir?
The Emperor of China: You don't meet a girl like that every dynasty.
The Emperor of China: I've heard a great deal about you, Fa Mulan. You stole your father's armor, ran away from home, impersonated a soldier, deceived your commanding officer, dishonored the Chinese Army, destroyed my palace, and... you have saved us all.
Mushu: The truth is, we're both frauds. Your ancestors never sent me, they don't even like me. But you risked your life to help people you love. I risked your life to help myself. At least you had good intentions.
Mushu: What? What do you mean you're not lucky? You *lied* to me?
Mushu: And what are you, a sheep?
Mushu: My little baby, off to destroy people.
Mushu: My powers are beyond your mortal imagination. For instance, my eyes can see straight through your armor.
Mushu: Oooh! All right, that's it! Dishonor! Dishonor on your whole family!
Mushu: Make a note of this: dishonor on you, dishonor on your cow, dis...
Mulan: Stop. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just nervous. I've never done this before.
Mushu: Then you're gonna have to trust me. And don't you slap me no more. We clear on that? All right. Okey-dokey, let's get this show on the road! Cri-Kee, get the bags.
Mushu: Let's move it, heifer.
Fa Zhou: Mulan...
Mulan: Father. I brought you the sword of Shan-Yu, and the crest of the Emperor. They're gifts, to honor the Fa family.
Fa Zhou: The greatest gift and honor... is having you for a daughter.
Ancestor: My children never caused such trouble. They all became acupuncturists.
Ancestor: Well, we can't *all* be acupuncturists.
Ancestor: No! Your great-granddaughter had to be a cross-dresser!
Fa Zhou: My, what beautiful blossoms we have this year. But look, this one's late. But I'll bet that when it blooms, it will be the most beautiful of all.
Mulan: Look at me, / I will never pass for a perfect bride, or a perfect daughter / Can it be, I'm not meant to play this part? / Now I see, / That if I were truly to be myself, I would break my family's heart...
Mulan: Who is that girl I see, staring straight back at me? / Why is my reflection someone I don't know? / Somehow, I cannot hide / who I am, though I've tried / When will my reflection show / who I am, inside? / When will my reflection show / who I am, inside...
Mulan: Shang!
Shang: Mulan?
Mulan: The Huns are alive! They're in the city!
Shang: You don't belong here, Mulan. Go home.
Mulan: Shang, I saw them in the mountains. You have to believe me!
Shang: Why should I?
Mulan: Why else would I come back? You said you'd trust Ping. Why is Mulan any different?
Grandmother Fa: Great. She brings home a sword. If you ask me, she should've brought home a man.
Shang: Excuse me. Does Fa Mulan live here?
Shang: Thank you.
Grandmother Fa: Whoo! Sign me up for the next war.
Mushu: One family reunion comin' right up.
Mushu: Okay, people, people, look alive. Let's go. Come on. Get up. Let's move it. Rise and shine. Y'all way past the beauty sleep thing, trust me.
Shan-Yu: I tire of your arrogance, old man. Bow to me!
The Emperor of China: No matter how the wind howls, the mountain cannot bow to it.
Shan-Yu: Then you will kneel in *pieces*!
Mushu: No time to talk. Now remember, it's your first day of trainin', so listen to your teacher and no fightin', play nice with the other kids, unless, of course, one of the other kids wanna fight, then you have to kick the other kid's butt.
Mulan: But I don't wanna kick the other kid's butt.
Mushu: Don't talk with your mouth full. Now let's see your war face.
Mushu: Ooh, I think my bunny slippers just ran for cover. Come on, scare me, girl!
Mulan: Rrrgh!
Mushu: There! That's what I'm talking about! That's my tough-looking warrior girl! Now go out there and make me proud!
Mushu: All right! Rise and shine, Sleeping Beauty! Come on. Hup, hup, hup! Get your clothes on. Get ready. Got breakfast for ya. Look, you get *porridge*...
Mushu: And it's happy to see ya.
Mushu: Hey, get outta there! You gonna make people sick!
Chi Fu: I've a girl at home who's unlike any other...
Yao: Yeah, the only girl who'd love him is his mother.
Yao: I'm gonna hit you so hard, it'll make your ancestors dizzy.
Mushu: Oh! We're *doomed!* There are a couple things I *know* they're bound to notice!
Mulan: Boy, that was close.
Mushu: No...
Mushu: That was vile! You owe me big.
Mulan: I never want to see a naked man again.
Mushu: Hey, don't look at me, I ain't biting no more butts.
Mulan: You're, um...
Mushu: Intimidating? Awe-inspiring?
Mulan: Tiny.
Mushu: Of course. I'm travel-size for your convenience. If I was my real size, your cow here would die of fright.
Mushu: Down, Bessie.
Mulan: Okay. Any questions?
Yao: Does this dress make me look fat?
Shang: Let me see your conscription notice.
Shang: Fa Zhou? The Fa Zhou?
Chi Fu: I didn't know Fa Zhou had a son.
Mulan: Well, he doesn't talk about me much.
Chi Fu: I can see why. The boy is an absolute lunatic.
Shang: Ping, you are the craziest man I've ever met, and for that I owe you my life. From now on, you have my trust.
Ling: Let's hear it for Ping, the bravest of us all!
Yao: You're king of the mountain!
Mushu: I liiiiiiiiiive! So tell me what mortal needs my protection, Great Ancestor. You just say the word and I'm there.
First Ancestor: Mushu...
Mushu: And let me say somethin'. Anybody who's foolish enough to threaten our family, vengeance will be miiiine!
First Ancestor: Mushu!
First Ancestor: *These* are the family guardians. They...?
Mushu: ...protect the family.
First Ancestor: And you, oh Demoted One?
Mushu: I... ring the gong.
Mushu: Citizens, I need firepower.
Citizen: Who are you?
Mushu: Your worst nightmare.
Shang: Um... You... You fight good.
Mulan: Oh. Thank you.
Shang: Let's get down to business to defeat the Huns./Did they send me daughters when I asked for sons?/You're the saddest bunch I've ever met,/But you can bet, before we're through/Mister, I'll make a man out of you.
Mulan: My ancestors sent a little lizard to help me?
Mushu: Hey! Dragon. *Dra-gon*, not lizard. I don't do that tongue thing.
Yao: My girl will think I have no faults...
Chien-Po: That I'm a major find.
Mulan: Uh... How about a girl who's got a brain, who always speaks her mind?
Yao, Chien-Po, Ling: Nah!
Shan-Yu: Looks like you're all out of ideas.
Mulan: Not quite.
Mulan: Mushu, if you're so worried, go stand watch.
Mushu: Yeah, yeah.
Mushu: Stand watch, Mushu, while I blow our secret with my stupid girly habits. Pfft! Hygiene.
Mushu: My little baby's all grown up and...
Mushu: ... and savin' China. You have a tissue?
Chi Fu: Insubordinate ruffians! You men owe me a new pair of slippers! And I do not squeal like a girl.
Mushu: Urgent news from the General.
Mushu: What's the matter? Never seen a black-and-white before?
Chi Fu: Who are you?
Mushu: Excuse me? I think the question is, who are *you!* We're in a war, man! There's no time for stupid questions! I should have your hat for this, snatch it *right* off your head. But I'm feeling gracious today, so carry on before I report you.
Mushu: Did you see those Huns? They popped out of the snow, like daisies!
Mushu: Oookay, you might wanna light that right about now. Quickly! Quickly!
Mushu: You missed! How could you miss? He was three feet from you!
Mulan: No one will listen to me.
Mushu: Huh? I'm sorry, did you say something?
Mulan: Mushu!
Mushu: Hey, you're a girl again. Remember?
Shang: I don't need anyone causing trouble in my camp.
Mulan: Sorry...
Mulan: Uhh... I mean, uh, sorry you had to see that, but you know how it is when you get those, uh, manly urges, and you just gotta kill somethin'... fix things, uh, cook outdoors...
Mulan: You shouldn't have to go!
Fa Li: Mulan!
Mulan: There are plenty of young men to fight for China!
Fa Zhou: It is an honor to protect my country and my family.
Mulan: So you'll die for honor.
Fa Zhou: I will die doing what's right!
Mulan: But if you...
Fa Zhou: I know my place! It is time you learned yours.
Mushu: You're lucky? Do I look like a sucker to you?
Mushu: What you mean, a loser? How 'bout if I pop one of your antennas off, and throw it across the yard? Then who's the loser, me or you?
Yao: Ah, you ain't worth my time, chicken boy.
Mushu: Chicken boy? Say that to my face, you limp noodle!
Mulan: With all due respect, Your Excellency, I think I've been away from home long enough.
The Emperor of China: Then, take this.
The Emperor of China: So your family will know what you have done for me. And this.
The Emperor of China: So the world will know what you have done for China.
Yao: I'll get that arrow, pretty boy, and I'll do it with my shirt *on*.
The Emperor of China: A single grain of rice can tip the scale. One man may be the difference between victory and defeat.
Mushu: Oh, sure. Save the *horse*.
Mulan: Just because I look like a man doesn't mean I have to smell like one.
Mushu: So a couple of guys don't rinse out their socks. Picky, picky, picky. Well, myself, I kinda like that corn chip smell.
Yao: Hey, Ping.
Mulan: Oh, hi, guys. I didn't know you were here. I was just washing, so now I'm clean, and I'm gonna go. Bye-bye!
Ling: Come back here! I knew we were jerks to you before, so, let's start over. Hi, I'm Ling.
Chien-Po: And I'm Chien-Po.
Mulan: Hello, Chien-Po.
Yao: And I am Yao, king of the rock!
Yao: And there's nuttin' you girls can do about it.
Ling: Oh, yeah? Well, I think Ping and I can take you.
Mulan: I really don't want to take him anywhere.
Ling: Ping, we have to fight.
Mulan: No, we don't. We could just... close our eyes... and - swim around...
Ling: Come on, don't be such a gir... Ouch! Something bit me!
Mushu: Ugh! Ach! What a nasty flavor.
Ling: Snake!
Ling: Some king of the rock.
Mulan: Who are you?
Mushu: Who am I? Who am I? I am the guardian of lost souls! I am the powerful, the pleasurable, the indestructible Mushu!
Mushu: Oh. Ha, ha. Pretty hot, huh?
Shan-Yu: You took away my victory!
Mulan: No!
Mulan: I did.
Shan-Yu: The soldier from the mountains...
Mushu: I'm doomed! And all 'cause Miss Man decides to take her little drag show on the road.
Chien-Po: I'm never gonna catch my breath!
Yao: Say goodbye to those who knew me!
Ling: Boy was I a fool in school for cutting gym!
Mushu: This guy's got her scared to death!
Mulan: Hope he doesn't see right through me!
Chien-Po: Now I really wish that I knew how to swim!
Fa Li: I should have prayed to the ancestors for luck.
Grandmother Fa: How lucky can they be? They're dead. Besides, I've got all the luck we'll need.
Grandmother Fa: This is your chance to prove yourself.
Mulan: It's going to take a miracle to get me into the army.
Mushu: Did I hear someone ask for a miracle? Let me hear you say "aaah"!
Mulan: Aaah!
Mushu: That's close enough!
Mulan: A ghost.
Mushu: Get ready, Mulan, your serpentine salvation is at hand! For I have been sent by your ancestors... to guide you through your masquerade.
Fa Li: You must go after her. She could be killed!
Fa Zhou: If I reveal her, she will be.
Matchmaker: Fa Mulan.
Mulan: Present!
Matchmaker: Speaking without permission...
Mulan: Oops.
Fa Zhou: I am ready to serve the emperor.
Mulan: Father! You can't go!
Fa Zhou: Mulan!
Mulan: Please, sir. My father has already fought for...
Chi Fu: Silence! You would do well to teach your daughter to hold her tongue in a man's presence.
Fa Zhou: Mulan, you dishonor me.
Grandmother Fa: This is your chance to prove yourself.
Fa Li: Grandma, no!
Grandmother Fa: Yup, this cricket's a lucky one!
Man with Tattoo: This tattoo will protect me from harm.
Yao: Hmmm...
Ling: I hope you can get your money back!
Mulan: I don't think I can do this.
Shang: What's your name?
Mulan: Uh... I, I, uh...
Chi Fu: Your commanding officer just asked you a question.
Mulan: Uh, I've got a name. Ha! And it's a boy's name, too.
Mushu: Ling. How 'bout Ling?
Mulan: His name is Ling.
Shang: I didn't ask for *his* name. I asked for *yours!*
Mushu: Try, uh, uh, ah, Chu.
Mulan: Ah Chu.
Shang: Ah Chu?
Mushu: Gesundheit.
Mushu: I kill myself.
Mulan: Mushu...
Shang: Mushu?
Mulan: No!
Shang: Then what is it?
Mushu: Ping! Ping was my best friend growin' up.
Mulan: It's Ping.
Shang: Ping?
Mushu: Of course, Ping did steal my girl...
Mulan: Yes, my name is Ping.
Shang: Captain Li Shang. Hm. Leader of China's finest troops. No, the greatest troops of all time.
Chi Fu: Most impressive.
Mushu: Man, you are one lucky bug.
Mushu: You know, we have to work on your people skills.
First Ancestor: Great Stone Dragon, have you awakened?
Mushu: Uh, uh, uh, uh... Yes, I just woke up. I'm... I'm the Great Stone Dragon. Good morning! I will go forth and fetch Mulan. Did... Did I mention that I was the Great Stone Dragon?
First Ancestor: Go! The fate of the Fa family rests on your claws.
Mushu: Don't even worry about it. I will not lose face!
Mushu: Oh, my elbow. Oh, oh. I know I twisted something.
Mushu: I was this close. This close to impressin' the ancestors, gettin' the top shelf, an entourage. Man. All my fine work. Pfft.
Shang: A life for a life. My debt is repaid.
Chi Fu: Order. People, order.
Citizen: I'll have a pan-fried noodle.
Chien-Po: Ooh, ooh, sweet-and-pungent shrimp.
Citizen: Moo goo gai pan.
Chi Fu: That's not funny.
Mulan: Ancestors, hear my plea: help me not to make a fool of me, and to not uproot my family tree. Keep my father standing tall.
Mushu: Now that's what I call Mongolian barbecue.
Mulan: Get off the roof, get off the roof, get off the roof!
Mulan: Shang: One moment. You seem to be missing something.
Shang: This - represents discipline... and this - represents strength.
Shang: You need both to reach the arrow.
Chi Fu: Be careful, Captain. The General may be your father, but I am the Emperor's counsel. Oh, and by the way, I got that job on my own.
Mulan: Hey. I'll hold him, and you punch!
Fa Zhou: Honorable ancestors, please help Mulan impress the matchmaker today.
Fa Zhou: Please. *Please* help her.
Shang: Soldiers!
Shang: You will assemble swiftly and silently every morning. Anyone who acts otherwise, will answer to me.
Yao: Ooh, tough guy!
First Ancestor: We must send the most powerful of all.
Mushu: Okay, okay. I get the drift. I'll go.
Mushu: Oh, y'all don't think I can do it? Watch this here!
Mushu: Aha! Jump back. I'm pretty hot, huh? Don't make me have to singe nobody to prove no point.
First Ancestor: You had your chance to protect the Fa family.
Old Female Ancestor: Your misguidance led Fa Deng to disaster!
Fa Deng: Yeah, thanks a lot.
Grandmother Fa: Who spit in her bean curd?
Imperial scout: The Emperor will stop you.
Shan-Yu: Stop me? He invited me.
Shan-Yu: By building his wall he challenged my strength. Well, I'm here to play his game.
Mushu: We're gonna die! We're gonna die! We're definitely gonna die! No way we survive this! Death is coming!
Shan-Yu: How many men does it take to deliver a message?
Hun Archer: One.
Matchmaker: You are a dis-*grace!* You may look like a bride, but you will never bring your family honor!
Bather: We'll have you washed and dried, / primped and polished till you glow with pride. / Trust my recipe for instant bride. / You'll bring honor to us all.
Fa Li: Mulan, what's this?
Mulan: Uh, notes, in case I forget something?
Grandmother Fa: Hold this. We need more luck than I thought.
Mushu: Okay, let me see what you got.
Mushu: "From General Li. Dear Son, we're waiting for the Huns at the pass. It would mean a lot if you'd come and back us up." Hmm, that's great, except you forgot: "And since we're out of potpourri, perhaps you wouldn't mind bringing up some." HELLO! This is the army! Make it sound more urgent, please! You know what I'm talkin' about?
Guard: Now all of China knows you're here.
Shan-Yu: Perfect.
Mushu: Beautiful, isn't it?
Mulan: They're disgusting.
Mushu: No, they're men. And you'll have to act just like them, so pay attention.
Shan-Yu: Nice work, gentlemen. You found the Hun army.
Shang: Okay, gentlemen, thanks to your new friend Ping, you'll spend tonight picking up every single grain of rice. And tomorrow, the *real* work begins.
Mushu: You know, we'll have to work on your people skills.
The Emperor of China: Chi Fu.
Chi Fu: Your Excellency?
The Emperor of China: See to it that this woman is made a member of my council.
Chi Fu: A member of... what?
Chi Fu: But... there are no council positions open, your Majesty.
The Emperor of China: Very well.
The Emperor of China: You can have HIS job.
Chi Fu: What? Uh...
Mushu: Let's go kick some Hunny buns! Yee-ha!
Mushu: Go get her? What's the matter with you... After this Great Stone Humpty-Dumpty mess, I'd have to bring her home with a medal to be let back in the temple. Wait a minute! That's it! I'll make Mulan a war hero, and the ancestors will be begging me to come back. That's the master plan! Oh, you've done it now, man.
Chien-Po: Oh, Yao. You made a friend.
Chorus: Be a man!
Shang: We must be swift as the coursing river!
Chorus: Be a man!
Shang: With all the force of a great typhoon!
Chorus: Be a man!
Shang: With all the strength of a raging fire, mysterious as the dark side of the moon!
Shan-Yu: What do you see?
Hun Twin 2: Black pine, from the high mountains.
Hun Twin 1: White horse hair, imperial stallions.
Hun: Sulfur, from cannons.
Shan-Yu: This doll came from a village in the Tung Shao Pass, where the Imperial Army's waiting for us.
Hun Archer: We can avoid them easily.
Shan-Yu: No. The quickest way to the emperor is through that pass. Besides, the little girl will be missing her doll. We should return it to her.
Yao: My girl will think I have no faults
Chien-Po: That I'm a major find
Mulan: Uh, how 'bout a girl who's got a brain Who always speaks her mind?
Yao, Ling, and Chien Po: Nah!
Mulan: Maybe I didn't go for my father. Maybe what I really wanted was to prove I can do things right.     