
Emperor Zurg: Surrender, Buzz Lightyear. *I* have won.
Buzz Lightyear #2: I'll never give in. You killed my father!
Emperor Zurg: No, Buzz. I *am* your father!
Buzz Lightyear #2: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Jessie: You never forget kids like Emily, or Andy, but they forget you.
Bo Peep: This is for Woody, when you find him.
Buzz Lightyear: Um, okay, but it won't be the same coming from me.
Bo Peep: You're cute when you care.
Woody: Bo, not in front of *Buzz*.
Rex: What're we gonna do, Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear #2: Use your head!
Rex: But I don't wanna use my head!
Woody: Ride like the wind, Bullseye!
Buzz Lightyear: You still worried?
Woody: About Andy? Nah, it will be fun while it lasts.
Buzz Lightyear: I'm proud of you, cowboy.
Woody: Besides, when it all ends I'll have old Buzz Lightyear to keep me company - for infinity and beyond.
Woody: Look Jessie, I know you hate me for leaving, but I have to go back. I'm still Andy's toy. Well, if you knew him, you'd understand. See, Andy's...
Jessie: Let me guess. Andy's a real special kid, and to him, you're his buddy, his best friend, and when Andy plays with you it's like... even though you're not moving, you feel like you're alive, because that's how he sees you.
Woody: How did you know that?
Jessie: Because Emily was just the same. She was my whole world.
Woody: Wait a minute, you turned on the TV last night, not Jessie.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Look, we have an eternity to spend at the museum together. Let's not start by pulling fingers, shall we?
Woody: You really ARE Stinky Pete, aren't you?
Jessie: Prospector, this isn't fair!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Fair? I'll tell you what's not fair: Spending a lifetime on a dime-store shelf watching every other toy be sold! Well, finally my waiting has paid off, and no hand-me-down cowboy doll is gonna mess it up for me now!
Rex: Buzz, you could have defeated Zurg all along! You just need to *believe* in yourself!
Emperor Zurg: Prepare to die!
Rex: Aah! I can't look!
Emperor Zurg: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Rex: I did it; I finally defeated Zurg!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Father.
Buzz Lightyear: Good work, men. Two blocks down and only nineteen more to go.
Mr. Potato Head: What?
Rex, Hamm, Slinky Dog: Nineteen?
Mr. Potato Head: Are we gonna do this all night? My parts are killing me.
Buzz Lightyear: Come on, fellas. Did Woody give up when Sid had me strapped to a rocket?
Mr. Potato Head, Rex, Hamm, Slinky Dog: No.
Buzz Lightyear: No. And did he give up when you threw him out of the back of that moving van?
Mr. Potato Head: Oh, you had to bring *that* up!
Buzz Lightyear: No, he didn't! We have a friend in need, and we will not rest until he's safe in Andy's room! Now, let's move out!
Woody: What am I doing? Buzz!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Woody, where are you going?
Woody: You're right, Prospector. I can't stop Andy from growing up... but I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: No!
Buzz Lightyear: Woody, stop this nonsense and let's go.
Woody: Nah, Buzz.
Woody: I can't go. I can't abandon these guys. They *need* me to get into this museum. Without me, they'll go back into storage. Maybe forever.
Buzz Lightyear: Woody, you're not a collector's item, you're a child's plaything. You - are - a *toy*!
Woody: For how much longer? One more rip, and Andy's done with me. And what do I do then, Buzz? Huh? You tell me.
Buzz Lightyear: Somewhere in that pad of stuffing is a toy who taught me that life's only worth living if you're being loved by a kid. And I traveled all this way to rescue that toy because I believed him.
Woody: Well, you wasted your time.
Buzz Lightyear: Now, Etch.
Buzz Lightyear: *That's* where I need to go.
Rex: You can't go, Buzz. You'll never make it there.
Buzz Lightyear: Woody once risked his life to save mine, and I couldn't call myself his friend if I wasn't willing to do the same. Now who's with me?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: How long will it last, Woody? Do you really think Andy is going to take you to college, or on his honeymoon? Andy's growing up, and there's nothing you can do about it. It's your choice, Woody. You can go back, or you can stay with us and last forever. You'll be adored by children for generations.
Woody: Who am I to break up the Roundup Gang?
Rex: Oh well, we tried.
Buzz Lightyear: We'll have to cross.
Rex, Slinky Dog, Mr. Potato Head, Hamm: WHAT?
Mr. Potato Head: You're not turning me into a Mashed Potato.
Slinky Dog: I may not be a smart dog, but I know what roadkill is.
Buzz Lightyear: There must be a safe way.
Rex: I can't look. Could somebody please cover my eyes?
Al McWiggin: To overnight, 6 packages to Japan is how much? What? That's in yen, right? DOLLARS?'! Oh, you are deliberately takin' advantage of people in a hurry! You know that?'!
Al McWiggin: So, uh, how long is this gonna take?
Geri the Cleaner: Ya can't rush art.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Will somebody *please* explain what's going on?
Buzz Lightyear: It's all right, Space Ranger. It's a code 546.
Buzz Lightyear #2: You mean it's a...?
Buzz Lightyear: Yes.
Buzz Lightyear #2: And he's a...?
Buzz Lightyear: Oh, yeah.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Your Majesty.
Buzz Lightyear: Don't worry, Woody. In just a few hours you'll be sitting around a campfire with Andy making delicious hot Schmoes.
Woody: They're called "S'mores", Buzz.
Buzz Lightyear: Yes, yes. Of course.
Jessie: Prospector?'!
Woody: You're outta your box!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: I tried reasoning with you, Woody, but you keep forcing me to take extreme measures.
Alien toys: You have saved our lives. We are eternally grateful.
Mrs. Potato Head: You saved their lives? My hero! They're so adorable. Let's adopt them!
Alien toys: Daddy!
Mr. Potato Head: Oh, no.
Woody: Hey, w-wait, What happened? What happens next? Come on, let's see the next episode!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: That's it.
Woody: What?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: The show was cancelled after that.
Woody: Wait, wait, wait. What about the gold mine and... and the cute little critters and the dynamite? That was a great show! I mean, why cancel it?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Two words: Sput-nik. Once the astronauts went up, children only wanted to play with space toys.
Woody: ...
Woody: I know how that feels.
Woody: Jessie, let go of the plane!
Jessie: What? Are you crazy?
Woody: Just pretend it's the final episode of "Woody's Roundup"!
Jessie: But it was cancelled! We never saw if you made it!
Woody: Well, then, let's find out together!
Buzz Lightyear: Hold it right there!
All: Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear #2: You again?
Buzz Lightyear: Woody! Thank goodness you're all right.
Woody: Buzz, what is going on?
Buzz Lightyear #2: Hold on! I am Buzz Lightyear, and I'm in charge of this detachment.
Buzz Lightyear: No, *I'm* Buzz Lightyear.
Buzz Lightyear #2: *I'm* Buzz Lightyear!
Buzz Lightyear: *I* am Buzz Lightyear!
Woody: So, who's the *real* Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear, Buzz Lightyear #2: I am!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Don't let this imposter fool you! He's been trained by Zurg himself to mimic my every move.
Mr. Potato Head: I found it.
Woody: You found my hat?
Mr. Potato Head: Your hat? No. The missus lost her earring.
Mr. Potato Head: Oh my little sweet potato!
Mrs. Potato Head: Ooh, you found it! Ohh, it's so nice to have a big, strong spud around the house.
Alien toys: You have saved our lives. We are eternally grateful.
Mr. Potato Head: Will you just leave me alone?
Mr. Potato Head: Prepare to meet
Mr. Potato Head: Mr. Angry Eyes! Argh argh!
Jessie: You callin' me a liar?
Woody: Well, if the boot fits.
Jessie: Say that again.
Woody: If the boot-tah fits!
Rex: No, no, no, no.
Buzz Lightyear: Oh, you almost had him.
Rex: I'm never gonna defeat Zurg!
Buzz Lightyear: Sure, you will, Rex. In fact, you're a better Buzz than I am.
Rex: But look at my little arms! I can't press the fire button and jump at the same time!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Idiots! Children destroy toys. You'll be ruined, forgotten, spending eternity rotting in some landfill!
Woody: Well, Stinky Pete, I think it's time you learned the true meaning of playtime.
Woody: Right over there, guys!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: No, no, noooooooo!
Amy: Look, Barbie! A big ugly man-doll! Ooh, he needs a makeover.
Barbie: Hi, you'll like Amy.
Barbie: She's an artist!
Hamm: Excuse me, ladies, but could any of you tell us where we might the Al of Al's Toy Barn?
Tour guide Barbie: I can help!
Tour guide Barbie: I'm Tour Guide Barbie! Please keep your hands, arms, and accessories in the car, and no flash photography. Thank you.
Mr. Potato Head: I'm a married spud, I'm a married spud...
Hamm: Then make way for the single fellas.
Al McWiggin: Welcome to Al's Toy Barn. We've got the lowest prices in town. Everything for a buck-buck-buck.
Jessie: Sweet mother of Abraham Lincoln!
Mrs. Potato Head: I'm packing you an extra pair of shoes, and your *angry* eyes, just in case.
Rex: What happened?
Mr. Potato Head: Woody's been shelved!
Woody: Help! Buzz! Guys!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: It's too late, Woody! That silly Buzz Lightweight can't help you.
Woody: His name is Buzz Lightyear!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Whatever. I've always hated those upstart space toys.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Your choice, Woody. You can go to Japan together or in pieces. If he fixed you once, he can fix ya again. Now get in the box!
Woody: Never!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Fine!
Woody: Oh, you should have seen it. There was a record player. And a yo-yo. Buzz, I was a yo-yo!
Mr. Potato Head: WAS?
Mr. Potato Head: Can we stop? My parts are killing me.
Buzz Lightyear: How about a quick roll call? Everybody here?
Mr. Potato Head: Not everybody.
Buzz Lightyear: Who's behind?
Slinky Dog: Mine...
Mr. Potato Head: I say we stack ourselves up, push the intercom and pretend we're delivering a pizza.
Hamm: How about a ham sandwich? With fries and a hotdog?
Rex: What about me?
Hamm: Ah, you can be the toy that comes with the meal.
Hamm: You heard of Kung Fu? Well get ready for pork chop.
Buzz Lightyear: Uh, ma - ma'am? I, uh, um, well, I just wanted to say you're a bright young woman with a beautiful yarn full of hair. A hair full of yarn. It's ah... um... I must go.
Jessie: Well aren't you just the sweetest space toy I ever did meet!
Slinky Dog: We've been down this aisle already.
Mr. Potato Head: We haven't been down this aisle, it's pink.
Slinky Dog: Face it, we're lost.
Hamm: All right, nobody look till I get my cork back in.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Blast, he's at Level 23.
Slinky Dog: How are we gonna get up there?
Rex: Maybe if we found some balloons, we could float to the top.
Buzz Lightyear: Am I really that fat?
Woody: I have no choice, Buzz. This is my only chance.
Buzz Lightyear: To do what Woody? Watch kids from behind glass and never be loved again? Some life.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Good going Woody. I thought they'd never leave.
Woody: Here's your list of things to do while I'm gone: batteries need to be changed. Toys at the bottom of the chest need to be rotated. Oh, and make sure everyone attends Mr. Spell's seminar on what to do if you or part of you is swallowed. Okay? Okay, good, okay.
Buzz Lightyear: Etch, Draw that man in a Chicken Suit.
Rex: It's the chicken man!
Buzz Lightyear: That's our guy!
Hamm: I knew there was somethin' I didn't like about that chicken.
Slinky Dog: Pardon me, gentlemen, but have either of you seen a cowboy doll with a bad arm?
Blue Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robot: Why, no. I haven't.
Red Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robot: Hey, he was talkin' to me!
Blue Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robot: No, he was talkin' to me!
Red Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robot: Why, you! I'll...!
Woody: Aaaahhh! It's gone! I can't believe it! My arm is completely gone!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: All right. Come here. Come on. Let me see that. Oh, it's just a popped seam. Easily repaired! You should consider yourself lucky.
Woody: Lucky? Are you shrink-wrapped? I am missing my ARM!
Jessie: Big deal!
Jessie: Let him go! I'm sure his precious Andy is dying to play with a one-armed cowboy doll.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Now, Jessie, you know that he wouldn't last an hour on the streets in his condition. It's a dangerous world out there for a toy.
Mr. Potato Head: Where is he going? He's nuts!
Slinky Dog: His arm ain't that bad.
Rex: Don't do it, Woody! We love yooooou!
Buzz Lightyear: Buzz, are you coming?
Buzz Lightyear #2: No, I... I have a lot of catching up to do with my dad.
Emperor Zurg: Good throw, son. That's my boy! Go long, Buzzy!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Oh, you're a great dad. Yippee!
Buzz Lightyear: Farewell!
Alien toys: Ooooh! Strangers! From the outside!
Buzz Lightyear: Oh, no!
Rex: He's at a Red Light. We can catch him.
Buzz Lightyear: Natural Power Slink!
Rex: Ah! They've turned green, hurry!
Buzz Lightyear: Why won't it go?
Alien toys: Use the Wand of Power.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Oh no, they've detected us, the walls are closing in!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Quick, help me prop up Vegetable man here or we're done for!
Mr. Potato Head: Hey! Put me down you moron!
Rex: Look, guys, it's not the walls, it's the elevator.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Quick grab on.
Hamm: Uh Buzz? Why not just take the Elevator?
Buzz Lightyear #2: They'll be expecting that.
Woody: Woody: Bullseye, are you with me?
Woody: Ah! Okay! Good boy.
Woody: Prospector, how 'bout you?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: ... And so you two are absolutey identical?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: You know, I'm sure I could get you a part in Toy Story 3.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: I'm sorry, are we back? Oh! All right, girls. Lovely talking with you -
Stinky Pete the Prospector: - yes, any time you'd like some tips on acting I'd be glad to chat with you. Alright, off you go, then.
Andy's Mom: Andy, honey, come on! Five minutes and we're leaving.
Andy: Five minutes? Hmm...
Andy: Help, help, somebody help me!
Andy: Let her go, evil Doctor Pork Chop!
Andy: Nevar! You must choose, Sheriff Woody. How shall she die? Shark? Or death by monkeys?
Andy: Ooh ooh ooh, ah ah ah!
Andy: Choose!
Andy: I choose Buzz Lightyear!
Andy: What? That's not a choice!
Andy: To infinity and beyond!
Andy: I'll save you, Miss Peep!
Andy: My hero! Mwa mwa mwa mwa!
Andy: Thanks, Buzz!
Andy: No problem, buddy!
Andy: You should never tangle with the unstoppable duo of Woody and Buzz Lightyear!
Andy: Oh no!
Andy's Mom: Andy? Let's go! Molly's already in her car seat!
Andy: But Mom, Woody's arm ripped!
Andy's Mom: Oh no! Well maybe we can fix him on the way.
Andy: Nah, just leave him.
Andy's Mom: I'm sorry, honey, but you know, toys don't last forever.
Flik the Ant: Isn't this exciting Heimlich. Our first day of shooting.
Heimlich the Caterpillar: Oh yeah yeah. It's so exciting.
Flik the Ant: You know, I can't believe that you talked them into making A Bug's Life 2.
Heimlich the Caterpillar: I can hardly believe it also. There's a little tenny tiny thing I forgot to tell you.
Flik the Ant: What's that Heimlich?
Heimlich the Caterpillar: Well you know, it's a 2 Movie, but it's not A Bug's Life 2.
Flik the Ant: Huh, I don't understand, what is it then?
Unknown Offscreen Character: And Action!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: You're fannin' the flames, Jessie. It takes brains to put out that fire.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Yeow! My biscuits are burnin'!
Woody: Let's... go home.
Emperor Zurg: So, we meet again Buzz Lightyear, for the last time!
Buzz Lightyear: Not today, Zurg!
Emperor Zurg: Aah!
Rex: I can't find it. It doesn't seem to be on any of these stations.
Hamm: Oh you're going too slow, let me do the job.
Rex: It's too fast. How can you even tell what's on?
Hamm: I can tell.
Rex: Go back, go back, you missed it!
Hamm: Too late, I'm in the 40's, gotta go around the horn!
Rabbit: Woody: What's that? Jessie and Prospector are trapped in the old abandoned mine and Prospector just lit a stick of dynamite thinking it was a candle and now they're about to be blown to smithereens?
Rabbit: Uh-huh.
Woody: Ride like the wind, Bullseye!
Ham: I seriously doubt he's getting this kind of mileage.
Slinky: Ah, this fella says he needs to go out back for a little private time?
Jessie: That critter needs help!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Buzz Lightyear to Star Command. I have an AWOL Space Ranger.
Buzz Lightyear: Tell me I wasn't this deluded...
Buzz Lightyear #2: Don't back talk! I have a laser, and I'm not afraid to use it.
Buzz Lightyear: You mean a laser that's really a lightbulb?
Buzz Lightyear #2: Has your mind been melted? You could have killed me, Space Ranger! Or should I say, "traitor?"
Buzz Lightyear: I don't have time for this...
Buzz Lightyear #2: Halt! I order you to halt.
Buzz Lightyear: To Al's Toy Barn... and beyond.
Slinky Dog: Buzz, Buzz! My backend's going to Baton Rouge!
Buzz Lightyear: Slinky!
Hamm: Uh oh. Look out below down there.
Slinky Dog: Whoa, Pork bellies are falling.
Mr. Potato Head: Hey, how much farther Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear #2: Half way, there.
Rex: Hey, wait up! Hey! come on! Slow down! Dinosaur overboaaaaard!
Tour guide Barbie: Remain seated, please. Permanecer sentados, por favor.
Rex: Guys, we can't park here; it's a white zone.
Hamm: All right, let's review this one more time. At precisely 8:32-ish, Exhibit A, Woody, was kidnapped.
Hamm: Exhibit B, a composide sketch of the kidnapper.
Bo Peep: He didn't have a beard like that.
Hamm: Fine. Uh, Etch, give him a shave.
Slinky Dog: The kidnapper was bigger than that.
Hamm: Oh, picky, picky, picky.
Mr. Potato Head: Oh, let's just go straight to Exhibit F! The kidnapper's vehicle.
Mr. Potato Head: Now the vehicle fled the scene in this direction.
Hamm: Oh, your parts are in backwards! It went the other way!
Hamm: Hey, put a cork in it!
Rex: Hey, how do you spell F-B-I?
Mr. Potato Head: My crime scene!
Hamm: Hey, watch where you're going, Godspilla!
Rex: I didn't know this was a crime scene!
Buzz Lightyear: Woody you're in Danger here, we need to leave now.
Rex: Al's selling you to a Toy Museum, in Japan.
Woody: I know! It's okay, Buzz. I actually wanna go.
Mr. Potato Head: What? Are you crazy?
Woody: Look, the thing is, I'm this rare "Sheriff Woody" doll, and these guys, are my - round-up gang.
Buzz Lightyear: Woody, what are you talking about?
Woody: What am I talking about? "Woody's Round-Up"! Oh, it's this great old T.V. show, and I was the star.
Woody: See, look, that's me!
Hamm: This is weirdin' me out.
Buzz Lightyear #2: What was I thinking? My Anti-gravity servos
Buzz Lightyear #2: Hang tight everyone, I'm going to let go of the wall.
Slinky Dog: Huh?
Rex: What?
Mr. Potato Head: He wouldn't!
Buzz Lightyear #2: One!
Hamm: He would.
Hamm: Two!
Slinky Dog, Rex, Mr. Potato Head, Hamm: DON'T DO IT, BUZZ!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Three!
Buzz Lightyear #2: To infinity and beyond! Approaching destination. Reengaging gravity.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Area secure.
Slinky Dog, Rex, Mr. Potato Head, Hamm: Buzz Lightyear #2: It's OK troops, the antigravity sickness will wear off momentarily. Now, let's move!
Mr. Potato Head: Remind me to glue his helmet shut when we get back.
Jessie: We did it. That was definitely Woody's finest hour!
Woody: Excuse me, ma'am, but I believe you're on the wrong flight.
Jessie: Woody.
Woody: Come on Jessie. It's time to take you home.
Jessie: But, what if Andy doesn't like me.
Woody: Oh sure, Andy will love you. Besides, he's got a Little Sister.
Jessie: He does? Why didn't you say so?
Rex: How are we gonna get him now?
Mr. Potato Head: Pizza, anyone?
Buzz Lightyear: Buzz Lightyear to mission log: All signs point to this planet as location of Zurg's fortress, but there seems to be no signs of intelligent life anywhere...
Emperor Zurg: Come to me, my prey...
Andy: Hey, Woody! Did you miss me?
Andy: Giddyup, giddyup, giddyup, ridin' cowboy!
Andy: Ohh, I forgot, you're broken. I don't wanna play with you anymore.
Woody: No, Andy, no, no, Andy, no!
Woody: Andy. Andy.
Andy: Byyyyyyyyyyyyyye, Woodyyyyyyyyy.
Woody: No, no! ANDY!
Al McWiggin: Thank goodness you're here!
Geri the Cleaner: Is the specimen ready for cleaning?
Mr. Potato Head: What are you doing Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear: ?
Al McWiggin: You, my little cowboy friend, are gonna make me big buck-buck-bucks!
Woody's Roundup Announcer: Will Woody and Bullseye land to safety? Can they reach Jessie and Stinky Pete in time? Tune in next week for the exciting conclusion: "Woody's Finest Hour"!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Jessie, Woody, stop this at once!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: I don't know how that television turned on. But fighting about it isn't helping anything.
Woody: If I had both my arms...
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Well the fact is, you don't, Woody. So I suggest you just wait till morning. The cleaner will come, fix your arm...
Woody: And then I'm outta here!
Woody: Oh, no, no, Bullseye, don't take it that way. It's just that Andy...
Jessie: Andy, Andy, Andy. That's all he ever talks about.
Jessie: No, can't go. I can't do storage again, I just can't! I won't go back in the dark!
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Jessie, Jessie.
Woody: What's the matter? What's wrong with her?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Well, we've been waiting in storage for a long time waiting for you.
Woody: Why me?
Stinky Pete the Prospector: The museum's only interested in the collection if *you're* in it, Woody. Without you, we go back into storage. It's that simple.
Jessie: It's not fair! How can you do this to us?
Woody: Hey look, I'm sorry, but this is all a big mistake. See, I was in this yard sale and...
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Yard sale? Why were you in a yard sale if you have an owner?
Woody: Well, I wasn't supposed to be there. I was trying to save another toy when...
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Was it because you're damaged? Hmm? Did this Andy break you?
Woody: Yes, but... No, no, no, no, no! It was... was an accident. I mean...
Jessie: Sounds like he *really* loves you.
Woody: It's not like that, okay? And I'm not going to any museum!
Jessie: Well, I'm not going back into *storage*!
Woody: OK I'm officially freaked out now.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Oh we've waited Countless Years for this day! It's good to see you Woody.
Woody: Listen, I don't know what... hey! How do you you know my name?
Jessie: Everyone knows your name, *Woody*.
Stinky Pete the Prospector: Why you don't know who you are! Bullseye?
Al McWiggin: Yeah what? Oh, Mr. Konishi. I have the pictures right here.
Al McWiggin: In fact I'm in the car right now, on my way to the office to fax them to you. I'm going through a tunnel. I'm breaking up.
Slinky Dog: It's him.
Hamm: The Chicken Man.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Funny, he doesn't look like poultry.
Slinky Dog: That's the Kidnapper alright.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Kidnapper, an Agent of Zurg if I ever saw one.
Al McWiggin: And the Piece de Resistance. I promise the Collection will be the Crown Jewel of your Museum.
Slinky Dog: It's Woody
Al McWiggin: Now that I have your attention, imagine we added another Zero to the price, huh? What?
Al McWiggin: Yes? Yes! You've got yourself a deal! I'll be on the next flight to Japan!
Mr. Potato Head: He's selling Woody to a Toy Museum.
Rex: In *Japan*.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Into the Poultry Man's Cargo Unit. He'll lead us to Zurg. Move, move, move!
Al McWiggin: I'm gonna be rich! Rich! Rich!
Rex: He didn't take the bag!
Buzz Lightyear #2: No time to lose!
Buzz Lightyear #2: He's Ascending in a Verticle Transporter.
Buzz Lightyear #2: Alright everyone, Hang on! We're gonna blast to the roof!
Rex: Uh, Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear #2: To Infinity, and Beyond!
Mr. Potato Head: What are you, insane?
Mr. Potato Head: Stand still Godzilla.
Buzz Lightyear #2: I don't understand. Somehow my Fuel cells have gone dry...
Mr. Potato Head: Aaaah!
Woody: Hey, what's this?
Woody: I get it. There's a Snake in my Boot!
Mr. Potato Head: Well that went well.
Buzz Lightyear: Good work Gentleman. We're getting much closer to Woody
Buzz Lightyear #2: Troops, over here!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Just like you said, Lizard Man. In the shadows to the left.
Geri the Cleaner: He's for display only. If you handle him too much he's not gonna last.
Al McWiggin: It's wonderful, he's amazing, it's just like new!
Mr. Potato Head: Let the guy with the fingers do the driving.
Buzz Lightyear: Who's behind?
Slinky Dog: Mine.
Sign-off voice: And that concludes our broadcast day.
Woody's Roundup Announcer: Cowboy Crunches, the only cereal that is sugar-frosted and dipped in chocolate, proudly presents...
Al McWiggin: I can't believe I have to drive ALL the way to work on a Saturday. All the way to work!
Al McWiggin: Look at the time; I'm gonna be late! Oh, figures; I can't miss this flight! I've gotta pack.
Al McWiggin: Alright, let's see - uh, wallet, keys, tickets, uh, passport, beef jerky - very expensive over there - shower...
Al McWiggin: Oh, I can skip the shower. I've just gotta get outta here now!
Wheezy: What's the point of prolonging the inevitable? We're all just one stitch away from here...
Wheezy: ...to there.
Hamm: Turn into the spin, Barbie!
Woody: There's a Snake in my Boot.
Al McWiggin: Original hand-painted face, Natural dyed blanket-stitched vest,
Al McWiggin: Hmm, a little rip... fixable, if only you had your hand-stitched polyvinyl...
Al McWiggin: A hat, yes I found him! I found him!
Buzz Lightyear: Listen to me, listen to me, you're not really a Space Ranger, you're a Toy.
Buzz Lightyear: We're all toys, can you hear me?
Buzz Lightyear #2: Well, that should hold you until the Court-Martial!
Buzz Lightyear: Do you have any idea what you're doing? Let me go.
Tour guide Barbie: And this is the Buzz Lightyear aisle. Back in 1995, short-sighted retailers did not order enough dolls to meet demand.
Hamm: Hey Buzz!
Buzz Lightyear #2: Halt! Who goes there?
Mr. Potato Head: Quit clowning around and get in the car.
Rex: Buzz! I know how to Defeat Zurg!
Buzz Lightyear #2: You do?
Rex: C'mon. I'll tell you on the way.
Buzz Lightyear: No, no, guys! You've got the Wrong Buzz! You've got the Wrong Buzz!
Hamm: Say, where'd you get the cool belt Buzz?
Buzz Lightyear #2: Well, Slotted Pig, they're standard issue.
Woody: Look guys. You don't understand. They're my friends.
Rex: Yeah! We're his friends.
Woody: No Rex, I mean *they're* my friends.
Jessie: You leave him alone, Springy Dog!
Jessie: Hey!
Slinky Dog: Quick! Grab Woody and let's go.
Emperor Zurg: Ah! Destroy Buzz Lightyear! Destroy Buzz Lightyear! Destroy Buzz Lightyear! Destroy Buzz Lightyear!
Alien toys: The Mystic Portal. Ooh!
Buzz Lightyear: Once we go through, we just need to find that case.
Mr. Potato Head: Slinky Dog: There's the case.
Hamm: No there's the case.
Buzz Lightyear: You guys take that one, we'll take this one.
Woody: Happy trails Prospector.
Slinky Dog: Uh Guys? We could use a 'Lil Help over here.
Woody: Oh no, Jessie!
Jessie: No!
Woody: Run like the Wind Bullseye!
Buzz Lightyear: Quick to the Elevator!
Buzz Lightyear: Hurry, I can hear it coming.
Emperor Zurg: So we meet again Buzz Lightyear. For the Last Time.
Buzz Lightyear, Buzz Lightyear #2, Rex: It's Zurg!
Rex: Watch out. He's got an Ion Blaster.
Andy's Mom: Andy, time to go. Hey, you fixed Woody.
Andy: Yeah, glad I didn't take him to Cowboy Camp. His *whole arm* might've come off.     