
Howl: I feel terrible, like there's a weight on my chest.
Young Sophie: A heart's a heavy burden.
Young Sophie: Lets run! Don't fight them, Howl!
Howl: Sorry, I've had enough of running away, Sophie. Now I've got something I want to protect. It's you.
Howl: Wow, Sophie, your hair looks just like starlight. It's beautiful.
Young Sophie: You think so? So do I!
Old Sophie: All right Calcifer, let's get cooking.
Calcifer: I don't cook! I'm a scary and powerful fire demon!
Calcifer: Here's another curse for you - may all your bacon burn.
Howl: Sophie! You, you sabotaged me! Look! Look at what you've done to my hair! Look!
Old Sophie: What a pretty color.
Howl: It's hideous! You completely ruined my magic potions in the bathroom!
Old Sophie: I just organized things, Howl. Nothing's ruined.
Howl: Wrong! Wrong! I specifically ordered you not to get carried away!
Howl: Now I'm repulsive.
Howl: I can't live like this.
Old Sophie: Come on, it's not that bad.
Old Sophie: You should look at it now, its shade is even better.
Howl: I give up. I see not point in living if I can't be beautiful.
Howl: There you are sweetheart, sorry I'm late. I was looking everywhere for you.
Soldier: Hey, hey! We're busy here!
Howl: Are you really? To me, it looked like the two of you were just leaving.
Howl: I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't torment my friend.
Howl: This war is terrible, they bomb from the southern coast to the northern border. It's all in flames now.
Calcifer: I can't stand the fire and gunpowder. Those dopey guys have absolutely no manners.
Howl: My own kind attacked me today.
Calcifer: Who? The Witch of the Wastes?
Howl: No, some hack wizards who turned themselves into monsters for the king.
Calcifer: Those wizards are going to regret doing that. They'll never change back into humans.
Howl: After the war, they won't recall they ever were human.
Old Sophie: A battleship?
Howl: On its way to burn cities and people
Old Sophie: The enemy's? Ours?
Howl: What difference does it make?
Old Sophie: I wonder what Howl disguised himself as? Surely not a crow. Can't be a pigeon, he's too flamboyant for that.
Old Sophie: That could be him.
Young Sophie: So you are going away. Please, Howl. I know I can be of help to you, even though I'm not pretty and all I'm good at is cleaning.
Howl: Sophie! Sophie! You're beautiful!
Old Sophie: Well, the nice thing about being old is you've got nothing much to lose.
Young Sophie: They say that the best blaze burns brightest, when circumstances are at their worst.
Calcifer: Yeah, but no-one really believes that. Come on, let's be honest.
Howl: You're wearing that hat? After all the magic I used to make your dress pretty?
Markl: Wait! You can't come up here!
Old Sophie: Whatever you don't want me to clean, better hide it now!
Markl: Save my room for last, OK?
Howl: Looks like we have another addition to the family. Hmmm, you've got quite a nasty spell on you too, huh? Seems everyone in this family's got problems.
Old Sophie: It was a pleasure meeting you, even if you are my least favorite vegetable! Take care, Turniphead!
Howl: The Witch of the Waste and Madame Sulliman's dog at my table? What possessed you to let them in my house
Calcifer: I didn't let them in here! Sophie crash landed her plane into my face!
Howl: Old Sophie: Hmph!
Howl: I knew she'd make a great pilot!
Old Sophie: When you're old, all you want to do is stare at the scenery. It's so strange. I've never felt so peaceful before.
Witch of the Waste: It looks like your true love is in love with someone else!
Howl: Calcifer, move the castle sixty miles west.
Howl: And while you're at it, make hot water for my bath.
Calcifer: Fine, like moving the castle isn't hard enough!
Howl: Calcifer? You're being so obedient.
Calcifer: Not on purpose! She bullied me!
Howl: Not just anybody can do that.
Howl: And you are... who?
Old Sophie: Er, You can just call me Grandma Sophie. I'm your new cleaning lady. I just started work today.
Young Sophie: It's... you're scaring me. I have this weird feeling you're going to leave. Howl, tell me what's going on! Please. I don't care if you're a monster.
Howl: I'm just setting things up so all of you can live a comfortable life, Sophie.
Old Sophie: What a dump. When I think of castles, it's not what I picture.
Old Sophie: Why do you get so cold when you're old? I'm fatter than ever and yet the wind blows right through me!
Markl: He's calling the spirits of darkness... I saw him do this once before when a girl dumped him!
Old Sophie: I can't do this! Why'd you make me come here if you were coming yourself?
Howl: Knowing you'd be there gave me the courage to show up. That woman terrifies me. I can't face her on my own. You saved me, Sophie. I was in big trouble back there.
Howl: So, what do you have in your pocket, Sophie?
Old Sophie: Huh?
Old Sophie: What is this?
Howl: Give it to me.
Markl: Scorch marks! Howl, can you read them?
Howl: That is ancient sorcery and quite powerful too.
Markl: Is it from the Witch of the Waste?
Howl: "You who swallowed a falling star, o' heartless man, your heart shall soon be mine." That can't be good for the table.
Markl: Wow! It's gone!
Howl: The mark maybe gone but the spell is still there.
Old Sophie: Did you use your magic to make this?
Howl: Only a little, just to help the flowers grow.
Howl: You didn't have to come back, Calcifer.
Calcifer: Yeah, I kinda missed you guys, and it looks like it's gonna rain.
Young Sophie: I missed you too, Calcifer.
Calcifer: You shouldn't keep flying around like that. Soon you won't be able to turn back into a human.
Young Sophie: It's all so familiar yet I know I've never been here before. I feel so at home.
Howl: Don't be alarmed but I'm being followed. Act normal.
Young Sophie: I know where I am! I'm in Howl's childhood!
Howl: Young Sophie: Howl! Calcier! I know how to help you now! Find me in the future!
Young Sophie: Calcifer.
Calcifer: Sophie, I'm so tired.
Young Sophie: If I give Howl back his heart, what will happen to you?
Calcifer: I'll be okay if you do it, I think. I mean, you dumped water on me and Howl and we both survived.
Young Sophie: I'd better try then.
Old Sophie: Are you the one moving this castle?
Calcifer: Of course I am! No one else does any work around here.
Howl: See that new color on the dial? There's a new portal. It's a present for you. Come see.
Calcifer: No, No, No! Don't do this! Help! Help! Crazy lady with the shovel! If you kick me out that door, the castle could collapse!
Young Sophie: Good!
Old Sophie: Do you know what Madame Suliman said? She said that Howl's heart was stolen by a demon. Tell me now, what do you know?
Calcifer: I'm so sorry but that would be confidential information.
Letti: Wow! He must have been a wizard then.
Young Sophie: But he was so kind to me. He rescued me, Letti.
Letti: Of course he did, he was trying to steal your heart. You were so lucky Sophie, if that wizard were Howl, he would have eaten it.
Young Sophie: No he wouldn't, Howl only does that to beautiful girls.
Howl: The Witch of the Wastes is trying to find my castle.
Old Sophie: Ah, I saw her henchmen at the harbor.
Howl: I'm such a big coward, all I do is hide. All of this magic is to keep everybody away. I can't stand how scared I am.
Old Sophie: Howl, why is the Witch of the Wastes trying to hunt you down?
Howl: She was once quite beautiful, so I decided to pursue her, then I realized she wasn't, so then, as usual, I ran away.
Howl: This charm will guarantee your safe return. Don't worry, I'll follow behind you in disguise. Now off you go.
Witch of the Waste: Oh, what a pretty fire.
Honey: You sound ghastly, like some 90-year-old woman.
Howl: Sorry, it looks like you're involved.
Letti: What's going on? Someone just told me you floated down into our balcony!
Young Sophie: So that did happen, it wasn't a dream.
Howl: I've got it! Why don't you go to the palace for me!
Old Sophie: Huh?
Howl: Just say that you're Pendragon's mother and that your son is such a cowardly wizard he's too afraid to show his face. Maybe then Madame Suliman will finally give up on me.
Madam Suliman: That boy is extremely dangerous, his powers are far too great for someone without a heart.
Madam Suliman: If he stays selfish, I'm afraid he'll end up just like the Witch of the Wastes.
Witch of the Waste: The best part of that spell, is that you can't tell anyone about it. My regards to Howl.
Young Sophie: His pole snapped.
Young Sophie: We'll get you a new one, okay? You saved us, Turnip.
Markl: Move it, Grandma! Or you'll lose your nose!
Witch of the Waste: What a tacky little hat shop. I've never seen such tacky little hats. Yet you are by far the tackiest thing here.
Madam Suliman: It's time to put an end to this idiotic war.
Young Sophie: Howl needs that back now
Witch of the Waste: Don't look at me, I don't have it, I don't know what you're talking about
Young Sophie: Please give it back
Witch of the Waste: You really want it that badly?
Young Sophie: Yes
Witch of the Waste: Alright then, you'd better take good care of it
Young Sophie: Okay
Witch of the Waste: Here dear
Young Sophie: Thank you you have a big heart!
Howl: Tell me, was that cigar a gift from Madame Suliman, by any chance?
Young Sophie: Howl!
Young Sophie: I'm sorry did I come too late?, I didn't mean to make you wait this long
Young Sophie: I need you to take me to Calcifer if you can
Markl: But the newspaper says we won
Witch of the Waste: Only idiots believe what they read in the paper
Old Sophie: That's so strange I can't get Calcifer going!
Old Sophie: Do you have to keep smoking that it smells terrible!
Witch of the Waste: Don't deny an old witch her pleasures young lady
Old Sophie: Markl will you crack a window please?
Witch of the Waste: I wouldn't open that window if I were you dear, Calcifer's too weak right now to protect this place, Suliman's henchmen could get in.
Howl: Markl, make sure the cleaning lady doesn't get carried away while I'm gone.
Markl: Sophie, what did you do now?
Calcifer: She almost smothered me! If I die, Howl dies too, I hope you know.
Howl: I'm tired, make some hot water for my bath.
Calcifer: Not again!
Howl: Those things are Suliman's henchmen. Lets go! Faster! We need to take off!
Howl: I can give you five minutes of invisibility so use it wisely.
Young Sophie: A heart burns like a blue flame.
Calcifer: But it's still the heart of a child     