
Aman Mathur: Listen... live... be happy... smile... Who knows? Tomorrow may not be...
Rohit Patel: Ladies and Gentlemen! Welcome to Lalaland... Rohit loves Naina but Naina doesn't love Rohit. She loves Aman. But Aman tells Rohit that he shouldn't let go of Naina so easily. So basically Aman is... insane!
Aman Mathur: Now, let me sleep! Just wake me up when you are leaving!
Rohit Patel: Aman?
Aman Mathur: Not yet... idiot!
Aman Mathur: I have a theory about girls. The more you run after them, the more they will run away from you. But if you run away from them they will be confused and will run after you to find out the reason for their confusion. And we have to take advantage of such a confusion of a confused girl!
Rohit Patel: Even I'm confused!
Aman Mathur: You just do as I say! I have a plan. Six days and girl in your face! Just six days!
Rohit Patel: Wow! But why six days and not seven?
Aman Mathur: I don't work on Sundays!
Rohit Patel: I want to get married, I want to have children, and...
Kurzon bhai Patel: Children? Is that possible?
Rohit Patel: Of course it's possible! Why is it not possible?
Kurzon bhai Patel: Yeah, that's true. This is America, anything is possible!
Jennifer Kapur: Why don't you have something?
Kurzon bhai Patel: Yes... sure!
Kurzon bhai Patel: Listen... Pass me the Cock!
Rohit Patel: Coke, dad! Please...
Kurzon bhai Patel: There is this famous decorater from Paris who is coming and at the same time he will decorate my hole! You know... I have a very big hole!
Rohit Patel: Hall!
Rohit Patel: A very intelligent man has said that the first step to love is friendship and the last is friendship too. It's the middle that's left...
Chaddha uncle: Can't see Lajjoji anywhere?
Jennifer Kapur: Yes... sometimes we are also lucky!
Aman Mathur: I know I'm very sexy
Aman Mathur: grrr
Aman Mathur: Frankie Ramdayal, this girlfriend of mine wants me to leave me for you. She says you are cool, sexy, she says your hairstyle is wow! What do I do Sweetu? If I've not seen 'Dil Chahta Hai', so what if I don't know much about hairstyles?
Aman Mathur: put this in your ear.
Rohit Patel: In my where?
Aman Mathur: She's very sexy
Lajjo Kapur: Chadda!
Basketball Player: Why don't you come here and teach me, you little shit?
Jasprit "Sweetu" Kapoor: Bye all!
Jaswinder "Jazz" Kapoor: Bye Ball!
Jasprit "Sweetu" Kapoor: What? I was getting ready for my blind date.
Lajjo Kapur's Sister: Blind date?
Lajjo Kapur's Sister: Oh, a date with a blind boy.
Lajjo Kapur's Sister: No wonder she has blindfolded herself.
Jasprit "Sweetu" Kapoor: Blind date means a date with a boy who has never seen me.
Jaswinder "Jazz" Kapoor: And when he sees, he will be blinded by shock.
Jasprit "Sweetu" Kapoor: How rude is that? Anyway Naina, I can't come to dinner tonight. Bye all.
Jaswinder "Jazz" Kapoor: Bye, ball.
Jaswinder "Jazz" Kapoor: make your call.
Rohit Patel: What is all this?
Rohit's Mother: This Mango, That is Khus, so no fuss
Rohit Patel: Not the food!... All this singing and dancing
Rohit's Mother: Oh! That! That's our Silver Anniversary Wedding Rehearsal! We are going to preform that day. What are you going to do?
Rohit Patel: I don't want to do anything! I mean... c'mon
Rohit Patel: And by the way... How can it be your 25th anniversary when I am only 28 myself?
Kurzon bhai Patel: No... No... We are just trying to hide our age from the Guju community.
Lajjo Kapur: You?
Guru: Yes, me!
Lajjo Kapur: Have you come from the bureau?
Guru: Yes!
Lajjo Kapur: But I asked for a Sardar on the phone!
Guru: And I'd said 'young' on the form!
Lajjo Kapur: No, no! It's not me... It's my granddaughter!
Guru: Confusion!
Lajjo Kapur: Oh, so you are awake...! Looking so good like Hari Putter!
Shiv: Harry Potter, dadi! Harry Potter
Aman Mathur: Jeniferr Lopez-u     