
Ron: Spiders... the spiders... they want me to tap-dance. And I don't want to tap-dance!
Harry: You tell those spiders, Ron.
Ron: Yeah, tell them... I'll tell them...
Sirius Black: I expect you're tired of hearing this, but you look so like your father. Except your eyes. You have...
Harry: My mother's eyes.
Sirius Black: It's cruel that I got to spend so much time with James and Lily, and you so little. But know this; the ones that love us never really leave us. And you can always find them in here.
Dumbledore: For in dreams, we enter a world that is entirely our own. Let him swim in the deepest ocean or glide over the highest cloud.
Malfoy: Ah, come to see the show?
Hermione: You! You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach!
Ron: Hermione, no! He's not worth it.
Vincent Crabbe: Malfoy! Are you okay? Come on, let's go!
Malfoy: Quick! Not a word to anyone! Understood?
Hermione: That felt good.
Ron: Not good, brilliant!
Dumbledore: A word of caution: dementors are vicious creatures. They will not distinguish between the one they hunt and the one who gets in their way. Therefore I must warn each and every one of you to give them no reason to harm you. It's not in the nature of a dementor to be forgiving. But you know happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, when one only remembers to turn on the light.
Dumbledore: A child's voice, however honest and true, is meaningless to those who've forgotten how to listen.
Stan Shunpike: What you doin' down there?
Harry: I fell over.
Stan Shunpike: What you fell over for?
Harry: I didn't do it on purpose.
Stan Shunpike: Well come on then! Let's not wait for the grass to grow!
Professor Snape: Expelliarmus! Ah, vengeance is sweet. How I hoped I'd be the one to catch you.
Professor Snape: I told Dumbledore you were helping an old friend enter the castle and now here's the proof.
Sirius Black: Brilliant, Snape - once again you've put your keen and penetrating mind to the task and as usual come to the wrong conclusion. Now if you'll excuse us, Remus and I have some unfinished business to attend to.
Professor Snape: Give me a reason. I beg you.
Professor Lupin: Severus, don't be a fool...
Sirius Black: He can't help it. It's habit by now.
Professor Lupin: Sirius, be quiet!
Sirius Black: Be quiet yourself, Remus!
Professor Snape: Listen to you two, quarrelling like an old married couple.
Sirius Black: Why don't you run along and play with your chemistry set?
Professor Snape: I could do it, you know... But why deny the Dementors? They're so longing to see you.
Professor Snape: Do I detect a flicker of fear? Ah, yes. The Dementor's Kiss. One can only imagine what that must be like to endure. It's said to be nearly unbearable to witness, but I'll do my best.
Ron: How did you get there? I... I was talking to you there! And now you're there!
Hermione: What's he talking about Harry?
Harry: I dunno. Honestly Ron, how can people be in two places at once?
Sirius Black: Enough talk, Remus! C'mon, let's kill him!
Professor Lupin: Wait!
Sirius Black: I did my waiting! Twelve years of it! In Azkaban!
Professor Lupin: Very well, kill him. But wait one more minute. Harry has the right to know why.
Harry: I know why! You betrayed my parents! You're the reason they're dead!
Professor Lupin: No, Harry, it wasn't him! Somebody did betray your parents, but it was somebody who, until quite recently, I believed to be dead.
Harry: Who was it then?
Sirius Black: Peter Pettigrew! And he's in this room, right now! Come out, come out, Peter! Come out and play!
Harry: I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Harry: Mischief managed.
Harry: Nox.
Sirius Black: Sorry about the bite, I reckon that twinges a bit.
Ron: A bit? A bit? You almost tore my leg off!
Sirius Black: I *was* going for the rat. Normally, I have a very sweet disposition as a dog. In fact, more than once, James suggested that I make the change permanent. The tail I could live with. But the fleas? They're murder.
Professor Snape: Reveal your secrets.
Professor Snape: Read it.
Harry: "Messrs. Mooney, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs, offer their compliments to Professor Snape and... "
Professor Snape: Go on.
Harry: "... and request that he keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business."
Harry: Expecto Patronum!
Professor Lupin: The very first time I saw you Harry, I recognized you immediately. Not by your scar, by your eyes. They're your mother; Lily's. Yes, I knew her. You mother was there for me at a time when no one else was. Not only was she a singularly gifted witch, she was also an uncommonly kind woman. She had a way of seeing the beauty in others, even, and perhaps most especially, when that person couldn't see it in themselves. Your father, James, however, had a certain, shall we say, talent for trouble. A talent, rumor has it, he passed onto you. You're more like them then you know, Harry. In time you'll come to see just how much.
Peter Pettigrew: What would you have done, Sirius?
Sirius Black: I would have died! I would have died rather than betray my friends, as we would have done for you!
Harry: Professor, can I ask you something?
Professor Lupin: You want to know why I stopped you facing that boggart, yes? I would have thought that would be obvious - I assumed it would take the shape of Lord Voldemort.
Harry: I did think of Voldemort - at first. But then I remembered that night on the train... and the dementor...
Professor Lupin: I'm very impressed. That suggests that what you fear most of all... is fear itself. This is very wise.
Professor Lupin: Now repeat after me - without wands please - repeat after me, Riddikulus.
Class: Riddikulus!
Professor Lupin: Very good. A little louder please, and very clearly. Rid-di-kulus.
Class: Riddikulus!
Malfoy: This class is ridiculous.
Ron: Nice doggie... nice doggie...
Ron: She's gone mental, Hermione has. I mean, not that she wasn't always mental, but now it's out in the open for everyone to see!
Harry: He was their friend, and he betrayed them.
Harry: HE WAS THEIR FRIEND!
Harry: I hope he finds me! Cause when he does, I'm gonna be ready! When he does, I'm gonna kill him!
Professor Lupin: What frightens you most in the world?
Neville Longbottom: Pfsr Snpe.
Professor Lupin: I'm sorry?
Neville Longbottom: Professor Snape.
Professor Lupin: Professor Sna- yes, he frightens all.
Sirius Black: It's beautiful, isn't it? I'll never forget the first time I walked through those doors. It'll be nice to do it again as a free man.
Sirius Black: That was a noble thing you did back there. He doesn't deserve it.
Harry: Well, I just didn't think my dad would've wanted his two best friends to become killers. Besides, dead the truth dies with him. Alive, you're free.
Hermione: It's meant to be the most haunted building in Britain. Did I mention that?
Ron: Twice.
Hermione: Oh. Do you want to move a bit closer?
Ron: Huh?
Hermione: To the Shrieking Shack.
Ron: Oh, no. I'm fine here.
Hermione: Harry: What are you doing?
Hermione: Saving your life!
Harry: Thanks!... Great, now he's coming at us!
Hermione: Yeah, didn't think about that... run!
Professor Lupin: You know something, Harry? I think you would have given your father a run for his money, and THAT is saying something.
Harry: I was thinking of him... and Mum. Seeing their faces. They were talking to me, just talking. That's the memory I chose. I don't even know if it's real. But it's the best I have.
Hogwarts Choir: In the cauldron boil and bake / Fillet of a fenny snake / Scale of dragon, Tooth of wolf / Witches, mummy, maw and gulf / Double, double, toil and trouble / Fire burn and cauldron bubble! / Double, double, toil and trouble / Fire burn and cauldron bubble! / Double, double, toil and trouble / Fire burn and cauldron bubble! / Something wicked this way comes!
Dumbledore: Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher for many years, has decided to retire in order to spend more time with his remaining limbs.
Ron: I didn't mean to open it.
Ron: It was badly wrapped.
Ron: They made me do it!
George Weasley, Fred Weasley: Did not!
Dumbledore: Well?
Harry: He's free. We did it.
Dumbledore: Did what? Good night.
Hermione: Headmaster, you've got to stop them! They've got the wrong man!
Harry: It's true, sir! Sirius is innocent!
Ron: It's Scabbers who did it.
Dumbledore: Scabbers?
Ron: He's my rat, sir. Well he's not really a rat. Well, he was a rat, he was my brother Percy's rat, but then they gave him an owl, and I got...
Hermione: The *point* is, we know the truth. Please believe us.
Harry: Before, down by the lake when I was with Sirius, I did see someone. That someone made the Dementors go away.
Hermione: With a patronus? I heard Snape telling Dumbledore. According to him, only a really powerful wizard could've conjured it.
Harry: It was my dad. It was my dad who conjured the patronus.
Hermione: But Harry, your dad's...
Harry: Dead, I know. I'm just telling you what I saw.
Professor Snape: Well, well, Lupin. Out for a little walk... in the moonlight, are we?
Harry: Professor, why do the dementors affect me so? More than anyone else, I mean?
Professor Lupin: Listen, dementors are among the foulest creatures to walk this earth. They feed on every good feeling, every happy memory until a person is left with nothing but his worst experiences. The dementors affect you more than others because there are true horrors in your past, horrors your classmates can scarcely imagine. You are not weak, Harry. You have nothing to be ashamed of.
Harry: I'm scared, Professor.
Professor Lupin: Well, I'd consider you a fool if you weren't.
Professor Trelawney: Your aura is pulsing! Are you in the beyond? I think you are!
Ron: Sure...
Professor Trelawney: Look at the cup, tell me what you see!
Ron: Oh yeah... well, Harry's got a sort of wonky cross... that's trials and suffering. And, uh, that there could be the sun, and that's happiness, so... you're gonna suffer... but you're gonna be happy about it...
Ron: Who do you think that is?
Hermione: Professor R. J. Lupin.
Ron: Do you know everything?
Ron: How is it she knows everything?
Hermione: It's on his suitcase, Ronald.
Ron: Oh.
Hermione: I think you owe someone an apology.
Ron: Right. Next time I see Crookshanks, I'll let him know.
Hermione: I meant me!
Hagrid: What was that?
Harry: Ow!
Ron: I'm warning you Hermione! Keep that bloody beast of yours away from Scabbers or I'll turn it into a tea cozy!
Hermione: It's a cat, Ronald! What do you expect? It's in his nature.
Ron: A cat? Is that what they told you? It looks more like a pig with hair if you ask me.
Hermione: That's rich, coming from the owner of that smelly old shoe brush. It's alright, Crookshanks. Just ignore the mean little boy.
Harry: Egypt, huh? What's it like?
Ron: Brilliant! Loads of cool stuff. Mummies, tombs. Even Scabbers enjoyed himself.
Hermione: You know, the Egyptians used to worship cats.
Ron: Yeah, along with the dung beetle.
Stan Shunpike: Take her away, Ern.
Shrunken Head: Yeah, take it away, Ernie! Fasten your safety belts, clench your buttocks! It's going be a bumpy ride!
Professor Snape: Why you insolent, little...
Professor Lupin: ...Professor.
Harry: Who is that? That man?
Stan Shunpike: Who is that?... Who is... THAT is Sirius Black that is! Don't tell me you've never been hearing of Sirius Black?
Stan Shunpike: He's a murderer. Got himself locked up in Azkaban for it.
Harry: How did he escape?
Stan Shunpike: Well that's the question, isn't it? He's the first one who did it. He was a big supporter of You-Know-Who. Reckon you've heard of him?
Harry: Yeah... him I've heard of.
Pansy Parkinson: Does it hurt terribly, Draco?
Malfoy: It comes and it goes. Still, I consider myself luckily. If it wasn't for Madame Pomfrey, another minute or two and I could have lost my arm; couldn't possibly do any homework for weeks.
Harry: When we free him, I'll never have to go back to the Dursley's. It'll just be me and him. We could live in the country, someplace you can see the sky. I think he'll like that after all those years in Azkaban.
Ron: Bloody hell!
Fat Lady in Painting: Ah ah ah AH!
Harry: Fortuna Major.
Fat Lady in Painting: No, wait, wait!
Fat Lady in Painting: Ah ah ah AH!
Harry: Fortuna Major.
Fat Lady in Painting: Wait!
Fat Lady in Painting: Ah ah ah AAAAAAAAAAAH!
Fat Lady in Painting: Oh, amazing! And just with my voice!
Harry: Fortuna Major.
Fat Lady in Painting: Yes, all right, all right, you can go in.
Harry: Thank you!
Fat Lady in Painting: Plebs.
Professor Snape: Turn to page 394.
Hermione: Is that really what my hair looks like from the back?
Professor Snape: That is the second time you have spoken out of turn, Miss Granger. Tell me, are you incapable of restraining yourself, or do you take pride in being an insufferable know-it-all?
Ron: He's got a point, you know.
Stan Shunpike: What did you say your name was again?
Harry: I didn't.
Stan Shunpike: Well, whereabouts are you headed?
Harry: The Leaky Cauldron! That's in London.
Stan Shunpike: D'you hear that, Ern? The Leaky Cauldron, that's in London.
Shrunken Head: Ah, the Leaky Cauldron! If you have the pea soup, make sure you eat it before it eats you!
Harry: AHHH!
Hermione: AHHH! Oh I'm sorry!
Harry: That's all right.
Hermione: Where do you suppose this goes?
Harry: I have a hunch. I just hope I'm wrong.
Harry: Ow!
Harry: Ow. That hurt!
Hermione: Sorry.
Cornelius Fudge: We must search the grounds!
Dumbledore: Search the *skies* if you must, Minister, but now I think I'll have a nice cup of tea, or a large brandy. Oh, and executioner, your services are no longer required. Thank you.
Hagrid: You'll find no small glasses in *this* house.
Harry: What's the holdup?
Ron: Probably Neville's forgotten the password again.
Neville Longbottom: Hey!
Ron: Oh... You're there...
Dumbledore: Mysterious thing, time. Powerful, and when meddled with, dangerous. Sirius Black is in the topmost cell of the dark tower. You know the laws, Miss Granger. You must not be seen, and you would do well, I feel, to return before this last chime. If not, the consequences are too ghastly to discuss. If you succeed tonight, more than one innocent life may be spared. Three turns, should do it, I think.
Dumbledore: Oh, by the way. When in doubt, I find retracing my steps to be a wise place to begin. Good luck.
Ron: What the bloody hell was that all about?
Malfoy: Yes. You're not dangerous at all, are you, you great ugly brute!
Hagrid: Malfoy, no...
Hagrid: Buckbeak! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Buckbeak!
Hagrid: Away, you silly creature!
Malfoy: It's killed me! It's killed me!
Hagrid: Calm down. It's just a scratch.
Hermione: Hagrid! He has to be taken to the hospital.
Hagrid: I'm the teacher. I'll do it.
Malfoy: You're gonna regret this!
Hagrid: Class dismissed!
Malfoy: You and your bloody chicken!
Professor Lupin: I saw you coming.
Professor Lupin: I've looked worse, believe me.
Hagrid: First thing you wanna know about hippogriffs, is that they're very proud creatures, very easily offended. You do not want to insult a hippogriff. It may just be the last thing you ever do. Now, who'd like to come and say hello?
Hagrid: Well done, Harry, well done!
Ron: Hermione... bad idea... bad idea...
Sirius Black: You know the man you truly are, Remus! This heart is where you truly live! This heart! Here! This flesh is only flesh!
Hermione: Ow! That looks really painful.
Ron: So painful. They... they might chop it.
Hermione: I'm sure Madame Pomfrey can fix it in a heartbeat.
Ron: It's too late. It's ruined. It'll have to chopped off.
Harry: Excuse me, sir. Where's Professor Lupin?
Professor Snape: That's really none of your concern is it, Potter?
Harry: "Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs are proud to present the Marauder's Map."
George Weasley: We owe them so much.
Harry: Hang on. This is Hogwarts. And that... No. Is that really...?
Fred Weasley: Dumbledore.
George Weasley: In his study.
Fred Weasley: Pacing.
George Weasley: Does that a lot.
Harry: So you mean this map shows...?
Fred Weasley: Everyone.
Harry: Everyone?
George Weasley: Everyone.
Fred Weasley: Where they are.
George Weasley: What they're doing.
Fred Weasley: Every minute.
George Weasley: Of every day.
Harry: Brilliant! Where'd you get it?
Fred Weasley: Nicked it from Filch's office, of course, first year.
George Weasley: Now, listen. There are seven secret passageways out of the castle. We'd recommend...
George Weasley, Fred Weasley: This one.
Fred Weasley: The One-Eyed Witch passageway.
George Weasley: It'll lead you straight to Honeyduke's cellar.
Fred Weasley: We best hurry. Filch is heading this way.
George Weasley: Oh, and Harry, don't forget. When you're done, just give it a tap and say...
George Weasley, Fred Weasley: "Mischief Managed." Otherwise anyone can read it.
Hermione: Broaden your minds! Use your inner eye to see the future!
Harry: Poor Professor Lupin's having a really tough night.
Professor Lupin: Finally, the flesh reflects the madness within.
Sirius Black: Well, you'd know all about the madness within, wouldn't you Remus?
Harry: Professor Trelawney?
Professor Trelawney: He will return tonight! He who betrayed his friends - whose heart rots with murder! Innocent blood shall be shed and servant and master shall be reunited once moooooooore!
Professor Trelawney: Oh, I'm sorry, dear. Did you say something?
Harry: I didn't mean to blow her up, I just... lost control.
Ron: Brilliant!
Hermione: Honestly Ron, it's not funny! Harry was lucky not to be expelled.
Harry: I think I was lucky not to have been arrested actually.
Ron: I still think it's brilliant.
Hermione: Look who it is... Madame Rosmerta. Ron fancies her!
Ron: That's not true!
Hermione: This is a time turner, Harry. McGonagall gave it to me first term. This is how I've been getting to my lessons all year.
Harry: You mean we've gone back in time?
Hermione: Yes. Dumbledore obviously wanted us to return to this moment. Clearly something happened he wants us to change.
Hagrid: I think he may let you ride him now.
Harry: What?
Hagrid: Come on, right behind the wing joint.
Harry: Hey! Hey hey hey hey hey! Hagrid!
Ron: Harry, what did you just do?
Hermione: You attacked a teacher!
Fred Weasley: Nice try Harry, but not good enough
Harry: Come on guys, I'm trying to get to Hogsmeade
Fred Weasley, George Weasley: We know
George Weasley: If you'll stop squirming, we have a better way...
Harry: Guys, come on...
Fred Weasley: Awwh, bless him
George Weasley: Now Harry...
Fred Weasley, George Weasley: Come and join the big boys
Professor Snape: Which one of you can tell me the difference between an animagus and a werewolf?
Professor Snape: No-one? How disappointing.
Hermione: Beautiful day.
Ron: Gorgeous. Unless of course you've been ripped to pieces.
Harry: Ripped to pieces? What are you talking about?
Hermione: Ronald has lost his rat.
Ron: I haven't lost anything! Your cat killed him!
Hermione: Rubbish!
Ron: Harry, you've seen the way that blood thirsty beast of hers is always lurking about. And now Scabbers is gone!
Hermione: Well maybe you should learn to take better care of your pets!
Ron: Your cat killed him!
Hermione: Did not!
Ron: Did.
Hermione: Didn't.
Ron: Hermione, when did you get here?
Cornelius Fudge: As the Minister of Magic, it is my duty to inform you, Mr. Potter, that earlier this evening your uncle's sister was located a little south of Sheffield, circling a chimney stack. The Accidental Magic Reversal department was dispatched immediately, she has been properly punctured and her memory modified. She will have no recollection of the event whatsoever so that's that and no harm done. Pea soup?
Harry: No, thank you. Minister?
Cornelius Fudge: Yes?
Harry: I don't understand.
Cornelius Fudge: Understand?
Harry: I broke the law. Underage wizards aren't allowed to use magic at home.
Cornelius Fudge: Come now Harry, the Ministry doesn't send people to Azkaban for blowing up their aunts.
Professor Trelawney: Here in this room, you will discover if you possess the Sight!
Professor Snape: Potter, what are you doing wandering the corridors at night?
Harry: Nothing... I was sleepwalking.
Professor Snape: How extraordinarily like your father you are Potter, he too was exceedingly arrogant, strutting about the castle.
Harry: My Dad didn't strut, and nor do I. Now, if you don't mind, I'd appreciate it if you could lower your wand.
Hermione: Ow! That looks really painful.
Ron: It's sorta painful. They uh, they might... chop it.
Hermione: I'm sure Madame Pomfrey will fix it in a heartbeat.
Ron: It's too late, it's ruined. It'll have to be chopped off.
Harry: Professor, just so you know I don't think that map always works. Earlier it showed someone in the castle... someone I know to be dead.
Professor Lupin: Oh really, and who might that be?
Harry: Peter Pettigrew.
Professor Lupin: That's not possible.
Ginny Weasley: The Fat lady... she's gone!
Ron: Serves her right. She was a terrible singer...
Hermione: That's not funny, Ron!
Ron: Let me get this strait. Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban to come after you?
Harry: Yeah.
Hermione: But they'll catch Black, won't they? I mean, everyone's looking for him.
Ron: Sure. Except no one's ever broken out of Azkaban before, and he's a murderous raving lunatic.
Harry: Thanks, Ron.
Hermione: Hermione: This is horrible.
Harry: She's still doing it, after three years, I mean...
Seamus Finnegan: I can't believe she still does that...
Harry, Seamus Finnegan: She can't even sing!
Hermione: Can I give it a try?
Professor Trelawney: Yes, sure!
Hermione: The grim. Possibly.
Professor Trelawney: You know, my dear, the moment I looked into your eyes I knew that you did not have the mind for the noble art of Divination.
Professor Trelawney: See? Right here. You may be young in years but the heart that beats beneath your bosom is as shriveled as an old maid's, your soul as dry as the pages of the books to which you so desperately cleave.
Professor Trelawney: Have I said something?
George Weasley: Not flashing that clipping again, are you, Ron?
Ron: I haven't shown anyone!
Fred Weasley: No, not a soul! Unless you count Tom.
George Weasley: The day maid.
Fred Weasley: The night maid.
George Weasley: The cook.
Fred Weasley: That bloke who came to fix the toilet.
George Weasley: And that wizard from Belgium!
Harry: And now we wait?
Hermione: And now we wait.
Hermione: If you're going to kill Harry you'll have to kill us too!
Sirius Black: No, only one will die tonight.
Harry: Then it'll be you!
Harry: But you're innocent!
Sirius Black: And you know it. And for now, that'll do.
Percy Weasley: I'm Head Boy!
Professor Lupin: Why do you look so miserable, Harry?
Harry: None of it made any difference. Pettigrew escaped.
Professor Lupin: Didn't make any difference? Harry, it made all the difference in the world! You helped discover the truth. You saved an innocent man from a terrible fate. It made a great deal of difference.
Harry: Tell me about Peter Pettigrew!
Professor Lupin: He was at school witth us, we thought he was our friend.
Harry: No, Pettigrew's dead.
Harry: You killed him.
Professor Lupin: No he didn't! I thought so too, until you mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the map.
Harry: The map was lying, then.
Sirius Black: The map never lies! Pettigrew's alive.
Cornelius Fudge: Now write your name only.
Dumbledore: It's quite a long name.
Harry: Now what?
Hermione: We save Sirius.
Harry: How?
Hermione: No idea.
Mr. Arthur Weasley: Harry, there are some within the Ministry who would strongly discourage me from divulging what I'm about to reveal to you, but I think that you need to know the facts. You are in danger. Grave danger.
Harry: Has this anything to do with Sirius Black?
Mr. Arthur Weasley: What do you know about Sirius Black, Harry?
Harry: Only that he's escaped from Azkaban.
Mr. Arthur Weasley: Do you know why? Thirteen years ago, when you stopped...
Harry: - Voldemort...
Mr. Arthur Weasley: - don't say his name.
Harry: Sorry.
Mr. Arthur Weasley: When you stopped You-Know-Who, Black lost everything. But to this day, he still remains a faithful servant. And his mind you are the only thing that stands in the way of You-Know-Who returning to power. And that is why he has escaped from Azkaban. To find you...
Harry: And kill me.
Mr. Arthur Weasley: Harry, I want you to swear to me that whatever you might hear, you won't go looking for Black.
Harry: Mr. Weasley, why would I go looking for someone who wants to kill me?
Hermione: I trusted you! And all this time you've been his friend!
Harry: There's Pettigrew.
Hermione: Harry, you can't!
Harry: Hermione, that's the man who betrayed my parents! You don't expect me to just sit here!
Hermione: Yes, you must! Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut now. If you just go bursting in you'll think you've gone mad! Awful things happen to wizards who've meddled with time. We can't be seen.
Stan Shunpike: Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. My name is Stan Shunpike and I will be your conductor this evening.
Shrunken Head: Why the long faces?
Professor Lupin: Dementors force us to relive our very worst memories. Our pain becomes their power.
Harry: That's us! This is not *normal*.
Harry: It's not... happy. Well, it is, it's the happiest I've ever felt. But it's complicated.
Professor Lupin: Is it strong?
Aunt Marge: They use the cane at St. Brutus's, boy?
Harry: Oh. Yeah, yeah. I... I've been beaten loads of times.
Seamus Finnegan: She won't let me in! She just won't!
Harry: Lumos Maxima!
Peter Pettigrew: Harry, James wouldn't have wanted me killed! Your dad... your dad would have spared me! He would shown me mercy!
Hermione: Harry, Harry!
Shrunken head 1: I say! No underage wizards allowed in today.
Shrunken head 1: Shut the damn door!
Hermione: So rude!
Ron: Thick-heads.
Shrunken head 2: Thick-heads... how dare they. Who are they calling Thick-heads? Young whippersnappers!
Young Witch Maid: Housekeeping!
Young Witch Maid: I'll come back later.
Shrunken Head: Mind your head!
Professor Lupin: Eat this. It'll help.
Harry: What happened to me?
Ron: Well, you sort of went rigid. We thought maybe you were having a fit or something.
Harry: And did either of you two, you know, pass out?
Ron: No... I felt weird though, like I'd never be cheerful again.
Harry: But someone was screaming... a woman...
Hermione: No one was screaming, Harry.
Ron: Listen to the idiot! He's really laying it on thick, isn't he?
Harry: At least Hagrid didn't get fired.
Hermione: Yeah, but I hear Draco's father's furious. We haven't heard the end of this.
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Years ago, when Potter's parent's were marked for death, do you remember? They went into hiding. Few knew where they were. One who did was Sirius Black. And he told You-Know-Who!
Cornelius Fudge: Not only did Black lead You-Know-Who to the Potters that night, he also killed one of their friends, Peter Pettigrew.
Madame Rosmerta: Peter Pettigrew?
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Little lump of a boy, always following after Sirius Black.
Madame Rosmerta: Oh, I remember him. Never let James and Sirius out of his sight. But what happened?
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Well Peter Pettigrew tried to warn the Potters, and might have managed to if he hadn't run into an old friend.
Madame Rosmerta: Mhm, Sirius Black.
Cornelius Fudge: Black was vicious. He didn't kill Pettigrew, he destroyed him. A finger. That's all that was left, a finger. Nothing else.
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Sirius Black may not have put his hands to the Potters, but he's the reason they're dead.
Cornelius Fudge: And now he wants to finish what he started.
Hermione: Come on Buckbeak! Come and get the nice dead ferret!
Harry: Good punch.
Hermione: Thanks.
Hermione: At least somebody's enjoying himself.
Shrunken Head: Ernie, little old lady at twelve o'clock!
Shrunken Head: Ten... nine... eight... seven... six... five... four... 'tree'... 'tree' and a half... two... one and 'tree' quarters... YES!
Hagrid: Well, first the committee took turns in talking about 'why we were there'. Then I stood up and said my bit, how Buckbeak was a good hippogriff, always cleaned his feathers. And then Lucius Malfoy got up...
Harry: But the Muggles! Can't they see us?
Stan Shunpike: Muggles? They don't see nothing, do they?
Shrunken Head: No, but if you jab them with a fork, they feel it!
Ron: There's something moving out there.
Ron: Neville, you're supposed to stroke it!
Harry: You were right, Hermione! It wasn't my dad I saw earlier! It was me! I saw myself conjuring the patronus before! I knew I could do it this time, because... well, because I'd already done it! Does that make sense?
Hermione: No! But I DON'T LIKE FLYING!
Professor Lupin: Come in. Now, I haven't the faintest idea Harry how this map came to be in your possession, quite frankly I am astounded that you didn't hand it in. Did it never occur to you that this in the hands of Sirius Black is a map to you?
Harry: No, sir.
Professor Lupin: No. You know, your father never set much store by the rules either. But he and your mother gave their lives to save yours. And gambling their sacrifice by wandering around the castle, unprotected, with a killer on the loose seems to me to be a pretty poor way to repay them. Now, I will not cover for you again, Harry, do you hear me? I want you to return to your dormitory and stay there. And don't take any detours. If you do, I shall know.
Professor Lupin: I shall know.
Ron: Looks a bit peaky, doesn't he?
Fred Weasley: Peaky? What'd you expect him to look like? He fell fifty feet.
George Weasley: Yeah, c'mon, Ron. We'll walk you off the Astronomy Tower and see how you come out looking.
Harry: Probably a right sight better than he normally does.
Hermione: Harry! How are you feeling?
Harry: Brilliant.
Fred Weasley: Gave us a right good scare, mate.
Harry: What happened?
Ron: You fell off your broom.
Harry: Really? I meant the match. Who won?
Hermione: No one blames you, Harry. The Dementors aren't meant to come on the grounds. Dumbledore was furious. After he saved you, he sent them straight off.
Ron: There's something else you should know, Harry. Your Nimbus - when it blew away? - it sort of landed in the Whomping Willow. And well...
Uncle Vernon: Not so fast! YOU BRING HER BACK! You bring her back now, you put her right!
Harry: No! She deserved what she got!
Harry: Keep away from me.
Uncle Vernon: You're not allowed to do magic outside of school.
Harry: Yeah? Try me.
Uncle Vernon: They won't take you back now! You've nowhere to go!
Harry: I don't care! Anywhere's better than here.
Professor Snape: A remarkable feat, don't you think? To enter the castle on ones own, completely undetected?
Dumbledore: Quite.
Professor Snape: Any theories on how he might have managed it?
Dumbledore: Many. Each as unlikely as the next.
Professor Snape: You may recall, prior to the start of term, I expressed concern about the appointment of Professor...
Dumbledore: Not a single person inside this castle would help Sirius Black to enter it. No, I'm quite convinced the castle is safe, and I'm more than willing to send the students back to their houses.
Professor Snape: What about Potter? Should he be warned?
Dumbledore: Perhaps, but for now let him sleep.
Malfoy: Well, well. Look who's here - you two shopping for your new dream home? Bit grand for you, isn't it, Weasel-Bee? Don't your family all sleep in... one room?
Aunt Marge: You mustn't blame yourself about how this one turned out, Vernon. It's all to do with blood. Bad blood will out.
Aunt Marge: What is it the boy's father did, Petunia?
Aunt Petunia: Oh, nothing. He didn't work; he was unemployed.
Aunt Marge: And a drunk too, no doubt?
Harry: That's a lie!
Aunt Marge: What did you say?
Harry: My dad wasn't a drunk!
Aunt Marge: Oh, don't worry Petunia. I have a very firm grip.
Aunt Marge: Still here, are you?
Harry: Yes.
Aunt Marge: Don't say 'yes' in that ungrateful way.
Malfoy: Potter! Is it true you fainted? I mean, you actually fainted?
Ron: Shove off, Malfoy.
Harry: How did he find out?
Hermione: Just forget it.
Harry: Ron!
Hermione: Ron, you're okay!
Ron: Harry, it's a trap! And he's a dog, he's an Animagus!
Hermione: If you're going to kill Harry you'll have to kill us, too!
Vincent Crabbe: Look who's here.
Malfoy: Ah, come to see the show?
Hermione: You! You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach!
Ron: Hermione, no! He's not worth it!
Vincent Crabbe: Malfoy! Are you okay? Let's go!
Vincent Crabbe: Quick!
Malfoy: Run!
Hermione: That felt good.
Ron: Not good, brilliant!
Harry: Lumos Maxima! Lumos Maxima! Lumos Maxima! Lumos Maxima! Lumos Maxima!
Harry: You betrayed my parents! You're the reason they're dead!
Professor Lupin: Severus, don't be a fool...
Sirius Black: He can't help it, it's habit by now.
Professor Lupin: Sirius, be quiet.
Sirius Black: Be quiet yourself, Remus!
Professor Snape: Listen to you two, quarreling like an old married couple...
Sirius Black: Why don't yo run along and play with your chemistry set?
Professor Snape: I could do it, you know. But why deny the Dementors? They're so longing to see you... do I detect a flicker of fear? Ah, yes, the Dementor's Kiss. One can only imagine what that must be like to endure. It's said to be nearly unbearable to witness, but I'll do my best.
Sirius Black: Severus, please!
Professor Snape: After you.
Harry: Expelliarmus!
Ron: Harry! What did you just do?
Hermione: You attacked a teacher!
Harry: Tell me about Peter Pettigrew!
Professor Lupin: He was at school with us! We thought he was our friend!
Harry: No, Pettigrew's dead!
Harry: You killed him!
Professor Lupin: No he didn't! I thought so, too until you mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the map!
Harry: The map was lying, then!
Sirius Black: That map never lies! Pettigrew's alive! And he's right there!
Ron: Me? He's mental!
Sirius Black: Not you! Your rat!
Ron: Scabbers has been in my family for...
Sirius Black: Twelve years! Curiously a long life for a rat! He's missing a toe, isn't he?
Ron: So what?
Harry: All they could find left of Pettigrew was his...
Sirius Black: Finger! But then the coward cut it off so they would think he was dead! And then he transformed into a rat!
Harry: Show me.
Harry: Give it to him, Ron.
Ron: What are you trying to do to him?
Ron: Scabbers! Leave him alone!
Ron: Get off him! What are you doing?
Peter Pettigrew: Remus, S-Sirius? My old friends!
Peter Pettigrew: Harry, l-look at you!
Peter Pettigrew: You look so much like your father! Like James, we were best friends!
Sirius Black: How dare you speak to Harry!
Sirius Black: How dare you talk about James in front of him!
Professor Lupin: You sold James and Lily to Voldemort, didn't you?
Peter Pettigrew: I didn't mean to! The Dark Lord. You have no idea the weapons he possesses! Ask yourself, Sirius! What would you have done? What would you have done?
Sirius Black: I would have died!
Sirius Black: I would have died rather than betray my friends!
Peter Pettigrew: Harry, James wouldn't have wanted me killed! Your dad... your dad would have spared me! He would shown me mercy...!
Sirius Black: You should have realized, Peter, that if Voldemort wouldn't kill you we would!
Sirius Black: Together!
Harry: No!
Professor Lupin: Harry, this man is...
Harry: I know what he is, but we'll take him to the castle.
Peter Pettigrew: Bless you boy, bless you!
Harry: Get off me! I said we'll take you to the castle. After that, the dementors can have you.
Professor Snape: Turn to page three-hundred and ninety-four.
Stan Shunpike: Come on, come on, move on!
Stan Shunpike: Take her away, Ern.
Shrunken Head: Yeah! Take it away, Ernie! It's going to be a bumpy ride!
Shrunken Head: Ha Ha Ha Ha!
Shrunken Head: What did you say your name was again?
Harry: I didn't!
Stan Shunpike: Well, whereabouts are you headin'?
Harry: The Leaky Cauldron. That's in London.
Stan Shunpike: Did ya hear that, Ern? The Leaky Cauldron. That's in London.
Shrunken Head: Ah, the Leaky Cauldron! Hey, if you have the pea soup, make sure you eat it before it eats you!
Harry: But the Muggles! Can't they see us?
Stan Shunpike: Muggles? They don't see nothing, do they?
Shrunken Head: No, but if you jab them with a fork they feel it!
Shrunken Head: Ernie, little old lady at twelve o'clock!
Shrunken Head: Ten... Nine... Eight... Seven... Six... Five... Four... Three... Three and a half... Two... One and three quarters, yes!
Dumbledore: Welcome, welcome to another year of Hogwarts!
Professor Minerva McGonagall: Sirius Black is the reason the Potters are dead.
Harry: Why would I go looking for somebody that wants to kill me?
Stan Shunpike: He's a murderer.
Mr. Arthur Weasley: I want you to swear to me you won't go looking for Black!
Harry: Why would I go looking for somebody that wants to kill me?
Ron: There's something moving out there!
Professor Lupin: It was a dementor. One of the guards from Azkaban is searching the trade for Sirius Black.
Dumbledore: It is not in the nature of the dementor to be forgiving.
Professor Trelawney: You must look... beyond!
Professor Snape: Potter? What are you doing wandering the corridors at night?
Harry: I'm sleepwalking.
Professor Snape: Extraordinarily like your father, you are, Potter. He was exceedingly arrogant, strutting about the castle.
Harry: My dad didn't strut. Nor do I. Now if you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you lowered your wand.
Sirius Black: Only one will die tonight.
Dumbledore: Dear Lady, who did this to you?
Fat Lady in Painting: Eyes like the Devil hr's got and a soul as dark as his name. It's him headmaster, the one they all talk about, he's here somewhere in the castle. Sirius Black!
Shrunken Head: Little old lady at twelve o'clock!
Shrunken Head: Three... two... yes!
    