
Pablo Sandoval: A guy can change anything. His face, his home, his family, his girlfriend, his religion,his God. But there's one thing he can't change. He can't change his passion...
Ricardo Morales: If you keep going over the past, you're going to end up with a thousand pasts and no future.
Ricardo Morales: Choose carefully. Memories are all we end up with. At least pick the nice ones.
Ricardo Morales: You said life.
Ricardo Morales: How do you live a life full of nothing?
Benjamín Esposito: You see? I don't want to miss another chance. How is it possible? How can I do nothing about it? I've been asking myself for 25 years and I've only been able to come up with one answer. "Forget it, it was another lifetime. It's over, don't ask." It wasn't another lifetime. It was this one. It is this one. Now I want to understand. How can someone live an empty life? How do you live a life full of nothing?
Irene Menéndez Hastings: My whole life I've looked forward. "Backwards" is out of my jurisdiction. I declare myself incompetent.
Irene Menéndez Hastings: It'll be complicated.
Benjamín Esposito: I don't care.
Irene Menéndez Hastings: Shut the door.
Ricardo Morales: The worst part is I'm starting to forget. I have to constantly make myself remember her. Every day. The day she was killed, Liliana made me tea with lemon. I'd been coughing all night and she said it would help. I remember those stupid things. Can you see? Then I start having doubts and I don't remember if it was lemon or honey in the tea. And I don't know if it's a memory or a memory of a memory I'm left with.
Benjamín Esposito: He ran to the end of the train and watched as her figure, once gigantic, now shrank in his eyes, but grew more than ever in his heart.
Pablo Sandoval: Ma'am, did a saint die this morning?
Irene Menéndez Hastings: Why?
Pablo Sandoval: Because an angel in mourning just walked through the door.
Irene Menéndez Hastings: It's just a trick we angels have to look five pounds lighter.
Benjamín Esposito: You smooth fucker.
Isidoro Gómez: Please. Tell him... Tell him at least to talk to me. Please...
Benjamín Esposito: How's the irresistible smile that you said you got? Cause I never saw it.
Irene Menéndez Hastings: Of couse you didn't. I only use it with my fiancé.
Benjamín Esposito: On June 21st, 1974, Ricardo Morales had breakfast with Liliana Coloto for the last time. For the rest of his life he'd remember every single detail of that morning. Planning their first vacation... Drinking tea with lemon for his nagging cough... with his usual lump and a half of sugar. The fresh berry jam he'd never taste again. The flowers printed on her nightgown... and especially, her smile. That smile like the sunrise... blending in with the sunlight on her left cheek...
Pablo Sandoval: The dog probably had rabies. You're gonna die.     