
Jimmy Hoffa: You always charge a guy with a gun! With a knife, you run away.
Jimmy Hoffa: Who's gonna be there?
Frank Sheeran: Everybody.
Jimmy Hoffa: Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, and Tony, huh?
Russell Bufalino: You might be demonstrating a failure to show appreciation.
Russell Bufalino: If they can whack a President, they can whack a president of a union. You know it and I know it.
Frank Sheeran: What kind of man makes a call like that...
Jimmy Hoffa: You wanna be a part of this fight?
Frank Sheeran: Yes, I do, sir.
Jimmy Hoffa: Would you like to be a part of this history?
Frank Sheeran: Yes, I would. Whatever you need me to do, I'm available.
FBI Agent #1: He's dead.
Frank Sheeran: Who's dead?
FBI Agent #1: Your attorney, Mr. Rogano.
Frank Sheeran: He's dead?
FBI Agent #1: Yeah.
Frank Sheeran: Who did it?
FBI Agent #2: Cancer
Frank Sheeran: Hello?
Jimmy Hoffa: Is that Frank?
Frank Sheeran: Yes.
Jimmy Hoffa: Hiya, Frank. This is Jimmy Hoffa.
Frank Sheeran: Yeah, yeah. Glad to meet you.
Jimmy Hoffa: Well, glad to meet you, too, even if it's over the phone. I heard you paint houses.
Frank Sheeran: Yes. Yes, sir, I... I do.
Jimmy Hoffa: Who said it?
Frank Sheeran: Don't matter who said it.
Jimmy Hoffa: It matters. Was it Russell?
Frank Sheeran: No.
Jimmy Hoffa: No. Of course it's not Russell. And the little cocksucker from the Miami fiasco? No? Not him? No? Then who?
Frank Sheeran: I'm gonna tell you. Tony.
Jimmy Hoffa: Tony? Which Tony? They're all named Tony. I mean, what's the matter with Italians that they can only think of one name?
Frank Sheeran: The other Tony.
Jimmy Hoffa: What Tony?
Sally Bugs: I'm just trying to understand how a person can buy a fish and not know what kind it was.
Jimmy Hoffa: If I said it once, I said it a thousand times, I don't care they're Irish. I don't care they're Catholic. If there's one person you can't trust in this life, it's millionaires' kids.
Frank Sheeran: Nowadays, young people, they don't know who Jimmy Hoffa was. They don't have a clue. I mean, maybe they know that he disappeared or something, but that's about it. But back then, there wasn't nobody in this country who didn't know who Jimmy Hoffa was.
Frank Sheeran: I should call Jo.
Irene Sheeran: You haven't called Jo yet?
Older Peggy Sheeran: Why?
Frank Sheeran: What?
Older Peggy Sheeran: Why?
Frank Sheeran: Why what?
Older Peggy Sheeran: Why haven't you called Jo?
Russell Bufalino: He likes to talk, don't he?
Sally Bugs: What kind of fish?
Chuckie O'Brien: What?
Sally Bugs: What kind of fish?
Chuckie O'Brien: I don't know... The kind you eat? A fish!
Sally Bugs: You don't know what kind?
Chuckie O'Brien: No I don't.
Sally Bugs: Where'd you get it?
Chuckie O'Brien: What the fuck? A fish place!
Sally Bugs: What so you just go in there and say give me a fish?
Chuckie O'Brien: Pretty much, yeah.
Sally Bugs: You didn't say you want a salmon, you want a haddock, you want a fucking cod?
Chuckie O'Brien: What the fuck does it matter what kind of fish it was? Why are you so concerned about this fish?
Sally Bugs: I'm just trying to understand how a person can buy a fish, and not know what kind it was.
Chuckie O'Brien: There was a fish waiting for me there. Uh..I didn't ask what kind of fish it was, I'm sorry.
Sally Bugs: So your friend had already ordered this fish?
Chuckie O'Brien: Right.
Sally Bugs: Because I want to be able to explain this if somebody asks me.
Jimmy Hoffa: You don't keep a man waiting. The only time you do is when you want to say something. When you want to say fuck you.
Jimmy Hoffa: I am sitting in a room... full of fuckin' idiots. You dumb motherfuckers! You know what you did? You take Johnny O'Rourke's kid and you put him on as general organizer, pay thirty-six fucking grand, at the same time... you let him sell insurance to his fucking father's...
Jimmy Hoffa: To his fucking father's... to his fucking father's... LOCALS!
Jimmy Hoffa: Damn it! How do you do that? How STUPID can you be? That fucking cocksucker Kennedy has got his nose up my ass everywhere I go! You don't know that they're hounding me? They're looking at everything I do, and you let this happen in public! You're giving it to him!
Jimmy Hoffa: I'm going to jail. You understand? I'm going to prison... because of you. You dumb motherfuckers. This is what you wanted. You wanted to put me in jail. Tell me now so I can kill you... right here.
Jimmy Hoffa: Right here!
Jimmy Hoffa: You guys sure like watermelon.
Jimmy Hoffa: Where are you going?
Frank Sheeran: What do you mean where am I going? I fucking quit, that's where I'm going!
Jimmy Hoffa: What are you quitting for?
Frank Sheeran: You gonna call me a motherfucker? If you can talk to them like that, you can't talk to me like that!
Jimmy Hoffa: No! That didn't apply to you!
Frank Sheeran: It didn't apply?
Jimmy Hoffa: No!
Frank Sheeran: You got a let me know it didn't apply to me. I'm standing right there...
Jimmy Hoffa: I didn't even see you standing there!
Frank Sheeran: I was standing right there, Jimmy, what are you talking about?
Jimmy Hoffa: But it didn't apply to you! What else can I say?
Frank Sheeran: You... you... you got a problem, you pull me aside, you don't insult me and then you say it didn't apply to me!
Jimmy Hoffa: How am I going to pull you aside? I didn't even see you there!
Russell Bufalino: He likes to talk, don't he?
Frank Sheeran: I felt like I was talking to General Patton.
Frank Sheeran: When I was young, I thought house painters painted houses. What did I know? I was a working guy. A business agent for Teamster Local 107 out of South Philly.
Frank Sheeran: One of a thousand working stiffs... until I wasn't no more. And then I started painting houses... myself.
Whispers DiTullio: To tell you the truth, I'm a little concerned.
Frank Sheeran: Whenever anybody says they're a little concerned, they're very concerned.
Whispers DiTullio: As a matter of fact, I'm really more than a little concerned.
Frank Sheeran: And when they say they're more than a little concerned, they're desperate.
Angelo Bruno: You know who owns the Cadillac Linen Service?
Frank Sheeran: Some Jews in the laundry business. That's what they told me.
Angelo Bruno: They own a part of it. Somebody else got an interest in that. You know who?
Frank Sheeran: No.
Angelo Bruno: I do.
Frank Sheeran: Who?
Angelo Bruno: No, I do. I own the other part. Not I know somebody who owns the other part.
Jimmy Hoffa: Then who?
Frank Sheeran: I'm gonna tell you. Tony.
Jimmy Hoffa: Tony. Which Tony? They're all named Tony. I mean, what's the matter? Italians, they can only think of one name.
Frank Sheeran: I thought maybe he owned the gas station. 'Cause he owned something, you could tell. Yeah, it turns out he owned the whole road.
Jimmy Hoffa: In a war, you go from point A to point B. Sometimes, you spill a little beer along the way. That philosophy make sense to you?
Frank Sheeran: Sure does.
Bill Bufalino: Frank... Sheeran. Isn't that right?
Frank Sheeran: Yeah, you said it right.
Bill Bufalino: Uh, under the contract, management can only fire a driver under very specific charges. So, you ever show up late?
Frank Sheeran: No.
Bill Bufalino: You have any moving violations?
Frank Sheeran: No.
Bill Bufalino: Do you drink on the job?
Frank Sheeran: No.
Bill Bufalino: You ever hit anybody?
Frank Sheeran: ...On the job?
Bill Bufalino: Yeah.
Frank Sheeran: I don't think so.
Bill Bufalino: Alright, then, we have nothing to worry about.
Bill Bufalino: You know, I don't, uh... I don't care whether you did it or not. That makes no difference to me.
Frank Sheeran: Yeah, I know.
Bill Bufalino: I'm here to defend you. Right?
Frank Sheeran: Right.
Frank Sheeran: Whaddaya wanna know? You wanna know if I did it or not?
Frank Sheeran: They talked about it all the time. She came from mob royalty, if you want to call it that. To them, it was like they came over on the... the Italian Mayflower.
Jimmy Hoffa: But nobody threatens Hoffa.
Jimmy Hoffa: You got your friend with you?
Frank Sheeran: Right here.
Jimmy Hoffa: Good.     