
Homer: Dad, I may not be the best, but I come to believe that I got it in me to be somebody in this world. And it's not because I'm so different from you either, it's because I'm the same. I mean, I can be just as hard-headed, and just as tough. I only hope I can be as good a man as you. Sure, Wernher von Braun is a great scientist? but he isn't my hero.
Homer: No. Coal mining may be your life, but it's not mine. I'm never going down there again. I wanna go into space.
O'Dell: God's honest truth, Homer. What are the chances... a bunch of kids from Coalwood... actually winning the national science fair?
Homer: A million to one, O'Dell.
O'Dell: That good? Well, why didn't you say so?
Quentin: Look at it go, Homer. This one's gunna go for miles.
Quentin: What do you want to know about rockets?
Homer: Everything.
Homer: Man, we should be trying to get into that science fair instead of sitting around here like a bunch of hillbillies.
Roy Lee: Well, I got some real sad news for you Homer. We *are* a bunch of hillbillies.
John: Elsie, I don't have the power to settle this strike.
Elsie: The bosses listen to you. They'll do what you tell them.
John: I'm not gonna crawl on my belly infront of those miserable union rats.
Elsie: Is that what this is about? Is this about your pride?
John: It's about what's best for Coalwood. If this mine doesn't produce, then the town dies. Think the union gives a damn about that? They're nothin' but a bunch of greedy sons of bitches...
Elsie: Shut up. Just shut up.
Elsie: Homer once said you love the mine more than your own family. I stook up for you because I didn't want to believe it. Homer has gotten alot of help from the people in this town. They've helped him build his rockets. They've watched him fly 'em. But not you. You never showed up, not even once. I'm not asking you to believe in it, but he's your son, for God's sake. And I am asking you to help him. If you don't, I'll leave you. I'll do whatever it takes to get away from here. I will work, if that's what it takes. I'll live in a tree to get away from you. Don't think I won't.
John: Where would you go?
Elsie: Myrtle Beach.
Principal Turner: Miss Riley, our job is to give these kids an education.
Miss Riley: Mmm-hmm.
Principal Turner: Not false hopes.
Miss Riley: False hopes? Do you want me to sit quiet, let 'em breathe in coal dust the rest of their life?
Principal Turner: Miss Riley, once in a while... a lucky one... will get out on a football scholarship. The rest of 'em work in the mines.
Miss Riley: How 'bout I believe in the unlucky ones? Hmm? I have to, Mister Turner, I'd go out of my mind.
Homer: Sure Dr. Von Braun is a great scientist, but he isn't my hero.
Quentin: They watched us get arrested. We're practically ex-convicts. They'll never dance with us.
O'Dell: Jesus, Quentin, you don't know anything about women.
Roy Lee: Are you sure we need this nozzle thing?
Quentin: Are you kidding? The nozzle is the most important part - it directs the flow of the hot gases!
Roy Lee: Hey, cool it, Quentin! Man, talkin' 'bout your 'hot gases'...
Homer: Listen, I'm sorry about what's going on around here, but it isn't my fault! What do you want from me anyway?
John: You better watch yourself, Homer.
Homer: If I go on to win at Indianapolis, I can go to college, maybe even get a job at Cape Canaveral. There's nothing here for me. The town is dying! The mine is dying! Everybody here knows that but you!
John: You want to get out so bad, then go. Go!
Homer: Yeah, I'll go! Yeah, I'll go!
John: GO! GO!
Homer: And I'll be gone forever! I won't even look back!
Homer: Quentin, I wouldn't care if you lived in the Governor's mansion. I'd still think you're weird!
Roy Lee: I'll tell you what's unbelievable... captain of the football team being jealous of you.
Homer: Let's go, Roy Lee! It's almost nine.
Roy Lee: You sure are in a hurry to get yourself killed, huh, kid?
O'Dell: There are easier ways to commit suicide, Homer.
Homer: Would you just step on it, Roy Lee?
Roy Lee: I *am* stepping on it.
Roy Lee: Prodigenous!
O'Dell: I-It's abandoned. Uh, look at the rust. Caretta number two shut down in '51.
O'Dell: Shit, shit!
Jim Hickam: Yeah, on a science fiction scholarship, maybe.
John: Vernon!
Vernon: We ain't at the mine now Hickham! This ain't your business!
John: You wait in the car with Homer, son.
John: Now you listen to me you drunken son of a bitch. If that boy's father were still alive, he'd kick your ass. So I'm gonna have to do it for him. If I see him with a bruise... you get a scar. If I see him with a limp... you get *crutches*! Do you hear me? Do you hear me?
Vernon: I'm reportin' you to the union!
John: Screw you and your damn union.
Jake Mosby: Buck up, Homer. You're a Coalwood boy! You get down there, get that shovel in your hands, coaldust on your neck, feel just as natural as a tick on a dog.
Homer: Hey Quentin!
Homer: That rocket had to have gone up at least 100 feet didn't it?
Quentin: More like two hundred.
Homer: Goddammit.
Homer: Will you cut it out, Roy Lee?
Roy Lee: Die you son of a bitch!
O'Dell: Besides, didn't your dad say no more rockets?
Homer: No, he said no more rockets on company property.
O'Dell: Do you realize how far we'd have to go to be off company property?
Homer: Yeah, we'd have to go to Snakeroot.
Quentin: Snakeroot? That's eight miles!
Homer: It's not *that* far. I mean we could walk if we had to...
O'Dell: Hey, walk! Heh! That's a great idea!
Homer: Come on let's go!
Roy Lee: Wait the hell up, will you Homer? Now I got about as much chance of winning that science fair as you do winning a football scholarship. I know I'm gonna be a miner. I've known my entire life. What the hell's so bad about mining coal anyway?
Homer: Nothing Roy Lee. It's great. That's why your stepdaddy is the biggest drunk in West Virginia! I mean, come on guys! You know the mine'll kill you!
Homer: You ever hear the story about how O'Dell's dad died?
Roy Lee: Homer... will you forget it, man?
O'Dell: Shutup Homer.
Homer: Piece of slate caught him right in the neck... and it cut his head clear off.
O'Dell: You son of a bitch!
Homer, Roy Lee, O'Dell: Ten, nine, eight...
Roy Lee: Should we get behind something?
Homer: "The silvery cylinder burst forth in a fiery column of smoke and flame, racing the very wind as it soared into the sky, a messenger of these Rocket Boys of Big Creek.
Homer: These boys use their brains, not brawn, who play not football, but with Apollo's fire."
O'Dell: Dorothy Platt: Hi Homer.
Homer: Hi Dorothy.
Dorothy Platt: Would you please sign my newspaper?
Homer: Sure.
Dorothy Platt: I just know you're going to be really famous someday.
Homer: Roy Lee: H - O - M - E - R
Quentin: I am not Nigerian!
Homer: You know, it, uh, won't fly unless somebody pushes the button. It's yours, if you want it.
Homer: Why're the jocks the only ones who get to go to college?
Roy Lee: They're also the only ones who get the girls.
Roy Lee: Let them have outer space. We got rock 'n' roll.
Roy Lee: That thing had better fly, or you can kiss your chances of losing your virginity goodbye.
Roy Lee: I don't know why they'd drop a bomb on this place, be a heck of a waste of a bomb.
John: Don't you have some work to do?
Roy Lee: That's a good idea. Four unidentifiable high school students lost their lives early this morning when their toy rocket exploded.
Elsie: If you don't, I'll leave you. I'll find work. I'll do whatever it takes to get away from here. I'll live in a tree to get away from you. Don't you think I won't.
John: Where would you go?
Elsie: Myrtle Beach.
Leon Bolden: Homer, I flew with the Red Tails in World War II. And seein' that rocket come at me... it almost took me back there.
Homer: Did you ever see Frankenstein and the wolf man?
Elsie: Your father always has to be the big hero. I swear if he dies I won't shed a tear.
Roy Lee: What's an auk?
O'Dell: It's a bird that don't fly.
Roy Lee: You mean like a parakeet?
Roy Lee: Roy Lee: H-O-M-E-R.
Homer: Well actually, my family raised me and send me to school and feed me and all that other stuff my friends didn't do. Besides who cares about my launch!
John: Come on. Come on, Jensen. Come on back.
Jensen: What happened?
Jake Mosby: Whole damn mountain about fell on your head. And John here, he saved your life.
Homer: That's my dad.
John: I want you out of this mine, and don't you ever come back, you stupid son of a bitch. Didn't I tell you to watch those pillars? Now we coulda all been killed today, because you didn't have the sense to look up!
Homer: That's my dad.
Jim Hickam: Hey, Lenny; take it easy on my kid brother, but make it look good, all right?
Jim Hickam: I thought I told you to take it easy on him.
Lenny: I *did* take it easy on him
Homer: I'm gonna run right over you, you son of a bitch! You hear me?
Coach Gainer: Well, Homer, you've sure got guts; but ya gotta know when to quit.
Roy Lee: Holy shit, it's headed for the mine.
Homer: My family is not more important than my friends. My dad won't even come to one launch!     