
Oswaldo Mobray: The man who pulls the lever that breaks your neck will be a dispassionate man. And that dispassion is the very essence of justice. For justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being justice.
Daisy Domergue: OH, JESUS CHRIST!
Major Marquis Warren: OHHH, you believe in Jesus now, huh, bitch? GOOD, 'CAUSE YOU 'BOUT TO MEET HIM!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Yeah, Warren, that's the problem with old men. You can kick 'em down the stairs and say it's a accident but you can't just shoot 'em.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: You only need to hang mean bastards, but mean bastards you need to hang!
Daisy Domergue: When you get to hell, John, tell them Daisy sent you...
Major Marquis Warren: Move a little strange, you're gonna get a bullet. Not a warning, not a question...
Major Marquis Warren: A bullet!
Major Marquis Warren: When the handbill says "dead or alive", the rest of us just shoot you in the back from up on top a perch somewhere and bring you in dead over a saddle.
Major Marquis Warren: But when John Ruth the Hangman catches you...
Major Marquis Warren: You hang!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: No one said this job was supposed to be easy.
Major Marquis Warren: Nobody said it's supposed to be that hard, neither!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Major Marquis Warren, this here is Daisy Domergue.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Domergue, to you, this is Major Warren.
Daisy Domergue: Howdy, nigger.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: She's a pepper, ain't she?
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Now, girl, don't you know darkies don't like being called niggers no more? They find it offensive.
Daisy Domergue: I've been called worse.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Now that, I can believe.
Joe Gage: A bastard's work is never done.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Now Daisy, I want us to work out a signal system of communication. When I elbow you real hard in the face, that means "shut up"!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: May I sit down, sir?
General Sandy Smithers: According to the Yankees, it's a free country.
General Sandy Smithers: I don't know that nigger. But I know he's a nigger. And that's all I need to know.
Major Marquis Warren: Got room for one more?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Well, cut my legs off and call me Shorty!
Minnie Mink: Hey, Dave, ask me if my ass is fat!
Sweet Dave: What?
Minnie Mink: Ask me if my ass is fat!
Sweet Dave: It is.
Minnie Mink: I said ask me.
Sweet Dave: Why?
Minnie Mink: Just do it!
Sweet Dave: Is your ass fat?
Minnie Mink: Oui. Look at that y'all, I can speak French.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: The nigger in the stable has a letter from Abraham Lincoln?
Oswaldo Mobray: We could give him Marco. Bob's real name is Marco the Mexican. He's worth $12,000.
Major Marquis Warren: Wait. That's Marco the Mexican?
Oswaldo Mobray: Precisely, yeah.
Major Marquis Warren: Shit, after I blowed his face off; "Marco" ain't worth a "peso"!
Jody: How ya doin', dummy?
Daisy Domergue: Better... now that I see your ugly face!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: One of them fellas is not... what he says he is.
Major Marquis Warren: The only time black folks are safe, is when white folks is disarmed. And this letter, had the desired effect of disarming white folks.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: This here is Daisy Domergue.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: She's wanted dead or alive for murder. When that sun comes out, I'm taking this woman to hang!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: There anybody here committed to stopping me from doing that?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Well, I'll be double-dog damned!
Major Marquis Warren: No, don't shoot her!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Why the hell not?
Major Marquis Warren: John Ruth...
Major Marquis Warren: Now, John Ruth was one mighty, mighty bastard. But the last thang that bastard did before he died was save your life. We gonna die, white boy. We ain't got no say in that. There is one thang left we have to say here; and that's how we kill this bitch. I say shootin's too good for her. John Ruth could'a shot her any where, any time along the way, but John Ruth was "The Hangman," and when "The Hangman" catches you, you don't die by no bullet.
Major Marquis Warren: When "The Hangman" catches you...
Major Marquis Warren: ... you hang!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: You only need to hang mean bastards, but mean bastards you need to hang!
Oswaldo Mobray: Gentlemen, I know Americans aren't apt to let a little thing like unconditional surrender get in the way of a good war...
Major Marquis Warren: So John Ruth's trying to hang your woman, so you kill him. Okay, maybe. But OB wasn't hangin' nobody...
Sheriff Chris Mannix: He damn sure wasn't!
Major Marquis Warren: But he's sure enough laying over there dead now, ain't he?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: He damn sure is, you sons-of-bitches!
Major Marquis Warren: Just like any one of us who would have drank that coffee...
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Like me, Goddamn it!
Oswaldo Mobray: Well, well, well! Looks like Minnie's Haberdashery's about to get cosy for the next few days.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Yes, it does...
Sweet Dave: I like whipping this old man's ass in front of an audience.
General Sandy Smithers: You ain't whipping shit!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: 'Cause when niggers are scared that's when white folks are safe!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Hey. Can I see that Lincoln letter?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: "Dear Marquis, I hope this letter finds you in good health and stead. I'm doing fine, although I wish there were more hours in the day. It's just so much to do. Time is changing slowly but surely and it's men like you will make a difference. Your military success is a credit not only to you but to your race as well. I'm very proud every time I hear news of you. We still have a long way to go but hand in hand, I know we'll get there. I just want to let you know you're in my thoughts. Hopefully our paths will cross in the future. Until then I remain your friend. 'Ole Mary Todd is calling, so I guess it must be time for bed. Respectfully, Abraham Lincoln..."
Sheriff Chris Mannix: "'Ole Mary Todd..."
Sheriff Chris Mannix: That's a nice touch.
Major Marquis Warren: Thanks.
Daisy Domergue: Is this the way niggers treat their ladies?
Major Marquis Warren: You are *NOT* a GODDAMNED *LADY!*
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Like I said, friend, you got me at a bit of a disadvantage!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Keeping you at a disadvantage is an advantage I intend to keep.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Well, ain't love grand? Y'all wanna lie on the ground and make snow angels together?
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: What's Wellenbeck?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: You ain't never heard of Wellenbeck Prisoner of War camp, West Virginia?
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: No, Reb. I ain't never heard of it!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: You bust out?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Oh, Major Marquis did more than just bust out. Major Marquis had a bright idea. So bright you have to wonder why ain't nobody never thought about it before!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Tell John Ruth your bright idea...
Major Marquis Warren: Well, the whole damn place was just made out of kindling.
Major Marquis Warren: So I burnt it down!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: There was a rookie regiment there spending the overnight in the camp! 47 men, BURNT TO A CRISP! Southern youth, farmer's sons, cream of the crop...
Major Marquis Warren: And I say let 'em burn!
Major Marquis Warren: I'm supposed to apologize for killin' Johnny Reb? You joined the war to keep niggers in chains. I joined the war to kill white Southern crackers. And that means killing 'em in any way I can! Shoot 'em, stab 'em, drown 'em, burn 'em, throw a big 'ol rock on their heads! Whatever it took to keep white Southern crackers in the ground, that's what I joined the war to do and that's what I did!
Oswaldo Mobray: Oswaldo Mobray: YOU HAVE TO KICK IT OPEN!
Joe Gage: The door isn't open!
Daisy Domergue: What?
Oswaldo Mobray: KICK IT OPEN!
Joe Gage: Shut that door! It's a goddamn blizzard out there!
Oswaldo Mobray: You have to close the door!
Joe Gage: You have to nail it shut!
Oswaldo Mobray: You have to- you have to nail it shut! HOLD IT SHUT!
Joe Gage: There's a hammer and nails by the door!
Oswaldo Mobray: YOU HAVE TO NAIL IT SHUT! THERE'S A HAMMER AND NAILS BY THE DOOR!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Ain't no way I'm spending a couple of nights under a roof with somebody I don't know who they are... so who are you?
Major Marquis Warren: Come out of there you bushwhacking sack shooter by the time I count to 3, or I will shoot this bitch in the face.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: If he's a goddamn sheriff, then I'm a monkey's uncle!
Daisy Domergue: Good, then you can go share bananas with your nigger friend in the stable!
Major Marquis Warren: Major Marquis Warren: Now, what would make a man brave a blizzard and kill in cold blood? I'm sure I don't know! You'd be surprised what a man would do...
Major Marquis Warren: Starting to see pictures, ain't ya?
Major Marquis Warren: What charms this bitch got to make a man brave a blizzard and kill in cold blood? I'm sure I dunno.
Oswaldo Mobray: Well, 'till they invent a trigger a woman can't pull, if you're a hang man, you're going to hang woman!
Daisy Domergue: Listen for a moment, lads, and hear me tell m' tale / How o'er the sea from England shore, I was condemned to sail / The jury found me guilty, sir, and said the judge, said he / For life, Jim Jones, I sentence you across the stormy sea. Take my tip before you ship to join the iron gang / Don't be too gay in Botany Bay or else you'll surely hang / Or else you'll surely hang, says he, and after that, Jim Jones / High up... high up upon... high up upon the gallows tree, the crows will pick your bones. You'll have no chance for mischief there, remember what I say / They'll flog the poaching out of you out there in Botany Bay / Waves were high upon the sea, the winds a-pproacing gales / I'd rather drowned in misery than gone to New South Wales. The waves were high upon the seas when the pirates came along / The soldiers on the convict ship were full five hundred strong / They opened fire and somehow drove that pirate ship away / I'd rather joined that pirate ship than gone to Botany Bay. And one dark night, when everything is quiet in the town...
Daisy Domergue: I'll kill you bastards one and all, I'll gun the floggers down/ Give them all a little shock, remember what I say / They'll yet regret they sent Jim Jones in chains to Botany Bay.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: That's the one you like to sing in the stagecoach, huh?
Daisy Domergue: Yeah.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: It's kind of pretty. Got another verse to it?
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Well, go ahead. Sing it.
Daisy Domergue: Whatever you say, John.
Daisy Domergue: Now day and night the irons clang and like poor galley slaves / Toil and toil and when we die must fill dishonored graves / Bye and bye, I'll break m' chains and to the bush I'll go / And you'll be dead behind me, John, when I get to Mexico.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Give me that guitar!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Music time's over!
Major Marquis Warren: I can't imagine Sweet Dave liftin' his fat ass outta his chair long enough to fetch well water unless Minnie was laying a frying pan upside his head; no less taking trips to the Northside!
Oswaldo Mobray: Precautions must be taken because life is too sweet to lose!
O.B Jackson: I AIN'T NEVER GOIN' OUT IN THAT SHIT EVER AGAIN!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: What's your name, buster?
Oswaldo Mobray: Well, it certainly isn't Buster. It's Oswaldo Mobray...
Jody: Remember old man, if my sister doesn't make it out of this mountain alive, neither do you.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: So what happened to your horse?
Major Marquis Warren: He was pretty old. I done had him for a bit. When the weather took a turn for the worse, it got too much for him.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: That's too bad.
Major Marquis Warren: Yes, it is. Me and 'ol Lash rode alotta miles together. You might say he was my best friend, if I considered stupid animals friends, which I don't.
Major Marquis Warren: Never the less, I'm gonna miss him.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Well I'll tell you like the Lord told John, a letter from Abraham Lincoln wouldn't have that kinda effect on me. I might let a whore piss on it.
Daisy Domergue: I spit on it.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Good for you, sister!
Major Marquis Warren: Chris Mannix, I may have misjudged you!
Major Marquis Warren: Let's slow it down. Let's slow it waaaay down...
Major Marquis Warren: Bringing desperate men in alive is a good way to get yourself dead.
Joe Gage: You know... looks can be deceiving.
Daisy Domergue: Good one, Warren! Talk that sass, nigger, talk that sass!
Major Marquis Warren: You keep talkin,' Pete. You're gonna talk yourself to death.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: WHOO HAW! Now we're talkin'!
Jody: The name of the game here is patience.
Jody: I'm Jody. It's a pleasant surprise to find such a warm sanctuary in the middle of such a cold hell.
Major Marquis Warren: That's the thing about war Mannix, people die.
Oswaldo Mobray: Well, the bar is open! Follow moi...
Major Marquis Warren: That was a nice dance.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: It sure was pretty!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: I ain't dead yet, ya black bastard!
Major Marquis Warren: Lot of hats, Senior Bob.
Bob: Huh?
Major Marquis Warren: Considering Minnie's "no hats indoors policy", which if I remember correctly was one of them bar "iron rules". The kind of rule she'd want kept up in her absence. You seem to have a laissez-faire attitude when it comes to the hats.
Bob: I'm guilty, I have a laissez-faire attitude about the hats. How about we forget about the hats today, considering there's a blizzard going on? And make tomorrow no hat day!
Oswaldo Mobray: John Ruth wants to take you back to Red Rock to stand trial for murder. And, if... you're found guilty, the people of Red Rock will hang you in the town square. And as the hangman, I will perform the execution. And if all those things end up taking place, that's what civilized society calls "justice". However, if the relatives and the loved ones of the person you murdered were outside that door right now. And after busting down that door, they drug you out in the snow and hung you up by the neck, that, we would be frontier justice. Now the good part about frontier justice, is it's very thirst quenching. The bad part is it's apt to wrong as right!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Not in your case. In your case, you'd probably have it comin'. But other people, maybe not so much!
Oswaldo Mobray: But ultimately what's the real difference between the two? The real difference is me, the hangman. To me, it doesn't matter what you did. When I hang you, I will get no satisfaction from your death, it's my job! I hang you in Red Rock, I move on to the next town, I hang someone else there. The man who pulls the lever that breaks your neck will be a dispassionate man. And that dispassion is the very essence of justice. For justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being justice.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Amen!
Oswaldo Mobray: Gentlemen, Gentlemen, I know Americans aren't apt to let a little thing like an unconditional surrender get in the way of a good war. But I strongly suggest we don't re-stage The Battle of Baton Rouge during a blizzard in Minnie's Haberdashery...
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: "Ole Mary Todd's calling, so I guess it must be time for bed."
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Ole Mary Todd...
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: That gets me.
Major Marquis Warren: That gets me, too.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: You know what this is, tramp? It's a letter from Lincoln. It's a letter from Lincoln to him.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: They shared a correspondence during the war. They was pen pals. This is just one of the letters.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Jesus Christ, that's awful! What did that Mexican fellow do, soak his old socks in the pot?
Major Marquis Warren: You think I'm in cahoots with that fella or her?
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: That's my problem, boy, I don't know!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: One of them fellas'll kill everybody in here...
Major Marquis Warren: Gimme that fucking gun! Don't test me, bitch!
Six-Horse Judy: Minnie, these are the passengers.
Minnie Mink: Well, that ain't good enough. Take away them rags. Let's see some faces, let's hear some names!
Major Marquis Warren: You keep talking, Pete, and you're gonna talk yourself to death.
O.B Jackson: GET IN, BOYS!
Daisy Domergue: Howdy nigger!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Don't you know the darkies don't like to be called that no more? They find that offensive
Daisy Domergue: I've been called worse.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: That I can believe!
Oswaldo Mobray: Jolly good!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Alright, b-b-bitch. What's... your... deal?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: So, what's goin' on? Are ya'll having a bounty hunter's picnic? Nevermind! You're takin' in three dead bodies and her into Red Rock to get paid, ain't ya?
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Yeah.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Well, the man in Red Rock's supposed to pay you is me, the new sheriff! So if ya'll wanna get paid, ya'll need to get me to Red Rock!
Jody: Now do you have any reason why you would want to interfere with me saving my sister from a hangman's rope?
General Sandy Smithers: No.
Jody: You don't?
General Sandy Smithers: No I don't.
Jody: You sure you don't? I mean we did just kill Minnie and Sweet Dave. And you and Sweet Dave looked mighty chummy over there.
General Sandy Smithers: I just met these people, I don't give a damn about them! Or you, or your sister. Or any other son of a bitch in Wyoming for that matter.
Jody: That is a GOOD answer, old man.
Major Marquis Warren: That blanket was just a heart breakin' liar's promise.
Major Marquis Warren: Major Marquis Warren: Hang on, Daisy!
Major Marquis Warren: WAKE UP, WHITE BOY!
Major Marquis Warren: But you expect me to believe that Minnie Mink left her Haberdashery, the single most precious thing in the world to her, in the hands of a goddamn Mexican? Well, that what I meant when I said that that sure don't sound like Minnie.
Daisy Domergue: What do I gotta say? About John Ruth's ravings? He's absolutely right. Me and one of them fellas is in cahoots. We're just waitin' for everybody to go to sleep. That when we're gonna kill y'all.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Warren, goddamn it, you leave that old man alone.
Major Marquis Warren: Stand down, you son of a bitch. I shared a battlefield with this man.
Major Marquis Warren: Or would you deny me that too?
General Sandy Smithers: I suppose you were there.
Major Marquis Warren: May I join you?
General Sandy Smithers: Yes, you may.
Major Marquis Warren: My theory is you're working with the man who poisoned the coffee. And both'a y'all murdered Minnie, Sweet Dave, and whoever else picked this bad-luck day to visit Minnie's Haberdashery this morning. And at some point, y'all intended to bushwhack John Ruth and free Daisy. But you didn't count on the blizzard, and you didn't count on the two of us.
Major Marquis Warren: That's as far as I got. How am I doin'?
Bob: You're a real imaginative nigger, ain't you? So, do you intend to murder me based on a far-fetched nigger theory, or can you prove it, cabrón?
Major Marquis Warren: It ain't so far-fetched, Senor Bob, and it's a little more than a theory.
Major Marquis Warren: You gon' make a deal with this diabolical bitch?
O.B Jackson: That door's a whore!
Jody: Judy said something about the best coffee in the world?
Oswaldo Mobray: Yes, I do believe Judy did say something about the best coffee in the world!
Minnie Mink: Well, I don't know 'bout all that. But I'll tell ya what it is: it's hot and it's strong and it's good! And in this snow it sure enough warms your ass up!
Six-Horse Judy: Hi-ya, Minnie!
Major Marquis Warren: Circumstances caused us to take the long way around. My horse couldn't make it.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Well remind me, why we wouldn't just kill y'all, and cash in?
Daisy Domergue: Oh, you can kill us all. But you'll never spend a cent of that bounty money. And you'll never leave this mountain alive. 'Cause when that snow melts, the rest of Jody's gang - ALL FIFTEEN OF 'EM - that were waiting in Redrock, are comin' here. Now, let's say you shoot us all. If you really want all that Domergue Gang bounty money, you still gotta get all our corpses into Redrock... and that ain't gonna be so easy. 'Cause I doubt you can drive a four-horse team. Yet that wagon out there is too heavy for a two-horse team; so that means you gonna have to lead a STRING OF HORSES into Redrock. And with that deep snow after a blizzard, you ain't gonna be able to get away with any more than say... one body per horse. So that's YOU, leadin' a string of four horses, into Redrock. And with all them horses, in that snow, and you all by your lonesome... you're gonna be a mite poky. And you're gonna run smack dab into The Domergue Gang. And when those FIFTEEN KILLERS come across YOU in possession of all our dead bodies, they ain't just gonna kill you and that nigger, they're gonna go back Redrock and kill EVERY SON OF A BITCH IN THAT TOWN. You reeally the Sheriff of Redrock? You wanna save the Town? Then SHOOT than nigger dead!
Daisy Domergue: Jesus Christ!
Major Marquis Warren: Ohohoo! You believe in Jesus now, huh bitch? Well good. 'Cause you 'bout to meet him!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Oh. I get it. "Haberdashery." That was a joke.
Bob: I just put those other horses away! You want it done fast, you need to help.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: I've got two of my best men on it.
Oswaldo Mobray: Allow me to properly introduce myself. I'm Oswaldo Mobray, The Hangman in these parts.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Looks like I brought you a customer.
Oswaldo Mobray: So it would appear!
Daisy Domergue: Have you ever spent two days or more locked up with one of your customers before?
Oswaldo Mobray: No, I can't say I have.
Major Marquis Warren: General Sanford Smithers? Battle of Baton Rouge?
General Sandy Smithers: Inform the nigger in the cavalry officer's uniform that I had a division of Confederates under my command... in Baton Rouge!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: MAJOR NIGGER! General Smithers wishes me to inform you...
Major Marquis Warren: I heard him, hillbilly! Inform this old cracker that I was in Baton Rouge also... on the other side.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Oh, that's interesting.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: General Smithers, he said he was also in Baton Rouge on the other side...
General Sandy Smithers: Captain Mannix! Tell the nigger that I don't acknowledge niggers in northern uniform!
Major Marquis Warren: You captured a whole colored command that day... but not one colored trooper made it to camp, did they?
General Sandy Smithers: We didn't have the time or the food...
General Sandy Smithers: Nor the inclination to care for nothern horses and LEAST OF ALL, NORTHERN NIGGERS!
General Sandy Smithers: SO WE SHOT 'EM WHERE THEY STOOD!
Major Marquis Warren: Hold on, Daisy! I wanna watch!
Major Marquis Warren: Yeah, your boy came up here a few years back. He spoke highly of his mama too.
General Sandy Smithers: You knew my boy?
Major Marquis Warren: Do I know him? Yeah.
Major Marquis Warren: Yeah, I knew him.
General Sandy Smithers: You did not know my boy.
Major Marquis Warren: Suit yourself.
General Sandy Smithers: Did you know my son?
Major Marquis Warren: I know the day he died. Do you?
General Sandy Smithers: No.
Major Marquis Warren: You wanna know what day that was?
General Sandy Smithers: Yes.
Major Marquis Warren: The day he met me.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Well, excuse me for finding it hard to believe that a town elected you to do anything except drop dead!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Do you know who that nigger is?
General Sandy Smithers: I don't know who that nigger is, but I know he is a nigger, and that is all I need to know.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Now throw out your pistol!
Major Marquis Warren: I bet he got another one.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Now throw out your other pistol!
Jody: I ain't got another pistol!
Major Marquis Warren: Well, you better shit another pistol out your ass! 'Cause if you don't throw one out here in the next two seconds, we gon' kill this bitch!
Major Marquis Warren: Beggin' for his life, your boy told me his whole Life Story. And YOU, was in that story General. And when I knew me I had the son, of the Bloody Nigger Killer of Baton Rouge, I knew me I was gonna have some fun! It was COLD the day I killed your boy. And I don't mean snowy mountain in Wyoming cold... Colder than that. And on that cold day, with your boy at the business end of my gun barrel... I made him STRIP. Right down to his bare ass. Then I told him to start walkin'. I walked his naked ass for two hours... 'fore the cold collapsed him. Then he commits to beggin' again. But this time, he wasn't beggin' to go home. He knew he'd never see his home again. And he wasn't beggin' for his life neither, 'cause he knew that was long gone. All he wanted, was a BLANKET. Now don't judge your boy too harshly, General. You ain't never been cold as your boy was that day. You'd be surprised; what a man that cold, would-do-for-a-blanket. You wanna know what your boy did? I pulled my BIG, BLACK, PECKER outta my pants. And I made him crawl in the snow on all fours over to it. Then I grabbed a handful of that black hair at the back of his head... And I stuck my Big Black Johnson right down his goddamn throat! And it was fulla' blood... so it was warm. Oh, you bet your sweet ass it was warm. And Charles Chester Smithers sucked on that warm black dingus for as loong as he could. Hahahaahaha! Startin' to see pictures, ain't ya?
Narrator: About fifteen minutes have passed since we last left our characters. Joe Gage volunteered to take Smithers' dead body outside. Straws were drawn to see who'd help him... O.B. lost. Chris, John Ruth and Oswaldo had a vigorous debate about the legality of the self-defense murder that just transpired. Major Marquis Warren, who was supremely confident about the legality of what just transpired ignored them, sat by himself at the table and drank brandy. Captain Chris Mannix donned the dead General's coat and joined Oswaldo in lighting the candles and lanterns. John Ruth held the door closed while waiting for Joe Gage and O.B. To return. Bob enjoyed a Manzana Roja. Domergue, however, hasn't moved from her spot at the community dinner table since John Ruth uncuffed her. Let's go back a bit... Fifteen minutes ago, Major Warren shot General Smithers in front of everybody. But, about forty seconds before THAT, something equally important happened... but not everybody saw it. While Major Warren was captivating the crowd with tales of Black Dicks in White Mouths, Somebody... poisoned the coffee. And the only one to see him do it, was Domergue. That's why this chapter is called; DOMERGUE's GOT A SECRET.
Jody: SAY ADIOS TO YOUR HUEVOS!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: As my first and final act as the Sheriff of Red Rock, I sentence you, Daisy Domergue, to hang by the neck until dead!
Major Marquis Warren: It's the stew that's got me thinking.
Major Marquis Warren: Now how long did you say Minnie's been gone, a week?
Bob: Si.
Major Marquis Warren: You see, my mama used to make stew and it always tasted the same, no matter to me. There was another fella on the plantation, Uncle Charley, he made stew, too. And like my mama, I ate his stew from the time I was a whipper 'till I was a full-grown man. And no matter to me, it always tasted like Uncle Charley's stew.
Major Marquis Warren: Now I ain't had Minnie's stew in like six months, so I ain't no expert...
Major Marquis Warren: But that damn sure is Minnie's stew. So if Minnie is on the northside just visiting her mama for a week, how'd she make the stew this morning? And this...
Major Marquis Warren: This is Sweet Dave's chair. When I sat in it earlier, I couldn't believe it. Nobody sits in Sweet Dave's chair. This may be Minnie's place, but this is damn sure Sweet Dave's chair. And if he went to the northside, I'm pretty goddamned sure this chair'd be going with him.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: What's in the chair?
Major Marquis Warren: Just what I thought. Sweet Dave's goddamn blood!
Bob: Are you actually accusing me of murder?
Major Marquis Warren: The way I see it, Senior Bob, is whoever is working with her...
Major Marquis Warren: ... ain't who they say they is, and if it's you, then Minnie and her man ain't at her mama's. They laying out back there dead somewhere.
Major Marquis Warren: Or if it's you, little British man, the real Oswaldo Mobray's laying in a ditch somewhere and you're just an English fella passin' off his papers.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Or we go by my theory which is the ugliest guy did it...
Sheriff Chris Mannix: ... which makes it you, Joe Gage!
Joe Gage: Stop! Alright, I did it! It was me, I poisoned the coffee.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: I FUCKIN' KNEW IT! OHHH, YOU'RE GONNA DIE NOW, YOU MURDERING BASTARD!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Major Warren, please let me send this ugly son of a bitch to hell!
Sheriff Chris Mannix: You killed OB. He's worth ten of you! Warren, can I kill him?
Major Marquis Warren: How long did you say you was working with Minnie?
Bob: Four months...
Major Marquis Warren: Hmm. See, if you would have been here two and a half years ago, you'd know about that sign that used to hang up over the bar. Minnie ever mention that to you?
Bob: No.
Major Marquis Warren: You wanna know what that sign said, Senior Bob? "No Dogs or Mexicans Allowed." Minnie hung that sign up the day she opened this haberdashery, and it hung over that bar every day until she took it down a little over two years ago. Know why she took it down? She started letting in dogs. Now Minnie like just about everybody, but she sure don't like Mexicans. So when you tell me Minnie went to the northside to visit her mama, well, I find that highly unlikely. But okay, maybe...
Major Marquis Warren: But when you tell me Minnie Mink took the haberdashery, the most precious thing to her in the whole world, and left it in the hands of a goddamn Mexican? Well, that's what I meant in the barn when I said that sure don't sound like Minnie. Now I am calling you a liar, Senor Bob...
Major Marquis Warren: And if you're lying, which you are, then you killed Minnie...
Major Marquis Warren: And Sweet Dave!
Major Marquis Warren: Two measly bullets and there goes Senor Bob!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: You got business in Red Rock?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Yes, I do!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: What?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: I'm the new sheriff!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Horseshit.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: 'Fraid not!
Major Marquis Warren: My theory is you are working with the man that poisoned the coffee, and both of ya'll murdered Minnie, Sweet Dave and who ever else picked this bad luck day to visit Minnie's harberdashery this morning.
Major Marquis Warren: And at some point, ya'll intended to bushwack John Ruth and free Daisy.
Major Marquis Warren: But you didn't count on the blizzard... and you didn't count on the two of us.
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Put them on and come inside.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Nope!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: Then you'll freeze.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Then you'll hang!
John 'The Hangman' Ruth: How so?
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Stagecoach driver, could you come down here and join us?
O.B Jackson: I gotta hold these horses. I can hear you just fine from up here.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: You just heard me tell this fella that I'm the new sheriff of Red Rock, right?
O.B Jackson: Yeah.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: Red Rock is my town now! And I'm gonna enter my town in bounty hunter's chains? NO, SIR! Sorry bushwackers, I ain't entering Red Rock that way. When you finally get to Red Rock, you're going to realize that every goddamn thang I said was right. And I expect you, OB, to tell the townsfolk of Red Rock that John Ruth let their new sheriff freeze to death.
Sheriff Chris Mannix: There ain't no bounty on my head, bushwacker. You let me die, that's murder!
Daisy Domergue: YOU GODDAMNED BLACK BASTARD!
Joe Gage: I AIN'T GOT NO GU-U-U-N, SHER-R-RIF-F-F-F!
Major Marquis Warren: Whoo...!
    