
The Chechen: What do you propose?
The Joker: It's simple. We, uh, kill the Batman.
Salvatore Maroni: If it's so simple, why haven't you done it already?
The Joker: If you're good at something, never do it for free.
Harvey Dent: You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
The Joker: Never start with the head. The victim gets all fuzzy. He can't feel the next...
The Joker: See?
Batman: Then why do you want to kill me?
The Joker: I don't, I don't want to kill you! What would I do without you? Go back to ripping off mob dealers? No, no, NO! No. You... you... complete me.
Batman: You're garbage who kills for money.
The Joker: Don't talk like one of them. You're not! Even if you'd like to be. To them, you're just a freak, like me! They need you right now, but when they don't, they'll cast you out, like a leper! You see, their morals, their code, it's a bad joke. Dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you. When the chips are down, these... these civilized people, they'll eat each other. See, I'm not a monster. I'm just ahead of the curve.
The Joker: You know. I don't want there to be any hard feelings between us, Harvey. When you and, uh...
Harvey Dent: Rachel!
The Joker: Rachel were being abducted. I was sitting in Gordon's cage. Now, *I* didn't rig those charges.
Harvey Dent: Your men. Your plan.
The Joker: Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it! You know, I just... *do* things.
Gambol: Give me one reason why I shouldn't have my boy here pull your head off.
The Joker: How about a magic trick?
The Joker: I'm gonna make this pencil disappear.
The Joker: Ta-daa! It's... it's gone.
Bruce Wayne: Targeting me won't get their money back. I knew the mob wouldn't go down without a fight, but this is different. They crossed the line.
Alfred Pennyworth: You crossed the line first, sir. You squeezed them, you hammered them to the point of desperation. And in their desperation, they turned to a man they didn't fully understand.
Bruce Wayne: Criminals aren't complicated, Alfred. Just have to figure out what he's after.
Alfred Pennyworth: With respect Master Wayne, perhaps this is a man that *you* don't fully understand, either. A long time ago, I was in Burma. My friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So, we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never met anybody who traded with him. One day, I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
Bruce Wayne: So why steal them?
Alfred Pennyworth: Well, because he thought it was good sport. Because some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
The Joker: Do you want to know why I use a knife? Guns are too quick. You can't savor all the... little emotions. In... you see, in their last moments, people show you who they really are. So in a way, I know your friends better than you ever did. Would you like to know which of them were cowards?
Batman: Sometimes the truth isn't good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded...
James Gordon Jr.: Batman? Batman! Why's he running dad?
Lt. James Gordon: Because we have to chase him.
Cop: Okay we're going in! Go, go! Move!
James Gordon Jr.: He didn't do anything wrong.
Lt. James Gordon: Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll hunt him. Because he can take it. Because he's not our hero. He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector. A Dark Knight.
Bruce Wayne: The bandit, in the forest in Burma, did you catch him?
Alfred Pennyworth: Yes.
Bruce Wayne: How?
Alfred Pennyworth: We burned the forest down.
Gambol's Bodyguard: Yo, Gambol, there's somebody here for you. They say they just killed the Joker.
Gambol's Bodyguard: They brought the body.
Gambol: So. For dead, that's 500...
The Joker: How 'bout alive?
The Joker: You wanna know how I got these scars? My father, was a drinker, and a fiend. And one night, he goes off crazier than usual. Mommy gets the kitchen knife to defend herself. He doesn't like that. Not. One. Bit. So, me watching, he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. He turns to me and says, "Why so serious?" Comes at me with the knife. "WHY SO SERIOUS?" He sticks the blade in my mouth... "Let's put a smile on that face." And...
The Joker: Why so serious?
Alfred Pennyworth: I suppose they'll lock me up as well. As your accomplice...
Bruce Wayne: Accomplice? I'm going to tell them the whole thing was your idea.
Batman: Let her go!
The Joker: Very poor choice of words...
The Joker: I just did what I do best. I took your little plan and I turned it on itself. Look what I did to this city with a few drums of gas and a couple of bullets. Hmmm? You know... You know what I've noticed? Nobody panics when things go "according to plan." Even if the plan is horrifying! If, tomorrow, I tell the press that, like, a gang banger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics, because it's all "part of the plan". But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds!
The Joker: Introduce a little anarchy. Upset the established order, and everything becomes chaos. I'm an agent of chaos. Oh, and you know the thing about chaos? It's fair!
Two-Face: You live.
The Joker: Mm-hmm.
Two-Face: You die.
The Joker: Mmm, now we're talking.
Lucius Fox: Let me get this straight, you think that your client, one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante, who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands, and your plan is to blackmail this person?
Lucius Fox: Good luck.
The Joker: All you care about is money. This city deserves a better class of criminal. And I'm gonna give it to them!
Harvey Dent: The night is darkest just before the dawn. And I promise you, the dawn is coming.
The Joker: I want... my phone call. I want it. I want it! I want my phone call!
Detective Stephens: That's nice.
The Joker: How many of your friends have I killed?
Detective Stephens: I'm a twenty-year man. I can tell the difference between punks who need a little lesson in manners, and the freaks like you who just enjoy it.
Detective Stephens: And you've killed six of my friends.
The Joker: The Joker: You know, I'll settle for his loved ones.
Gentleman at Party: We're not intimidated by thugs!
The Joker: You know, you remind me of my father.
The Joker: I hated my father!
Rachel Dawes: Okay, stop!
The Joker: Well, hello, beautiful. You must be Harvey's squeeze. And you *are* beautiful.
The Joker: Oh, you look nervous. Is it the scars? You want to know how I got 'em?
The Joker: Come here. Hey! Look at me. So I had a wife. She was beautiful, like you. Who tells me I worry too much. Who tells me I ought to smile more. Who gambles and gets in deep with the sharks. One day, they carve her face. And we have no money for surgeries. She can't take it. I just want to see her smile again. I just want her to know that I don't care about the scars. So... I stick a razor in my mouth and do this...
The Joker: ...to myself. And you know what? She can't stand the sight of me! She leaves. Now I see the funny side. Now I'm always smiling!
The Joker: A little fight in you. I like that.
Batman: Then you're gonna love me.
Batman: What happened to Rachel wasn't chance. We decided to act! We three!
Two-Face: Then why was it me who was the only one who lost everything?
Batman: It wasn't.
Two-Face: The Joker chose ME!
Batman: Because you were the best of us! He wanted to prove that even someone as good as you could fall.
Two-Face: And he was right.
The Joker: Oh, you. You just couldn't let me go, could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You truly are incorruptible, aren't you? You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever.
Batman: You'll be in a padded cell forever.
The Joker: Maybe we can share one. You know, they'll be doubling up, the rate this city's inhabitants are losing their minds.
Batman: This city just showed you that it's full of people ready to believe in good.
The Joker: Until their spirit breaks completely. Until they get a good look at the real Harvey Dent, and all the heroic things he's done. You didn't think I'd risk losing the battle for Gotham's soul in a fistfight with you? No. You need an ace in the hole. Mine's Harvey.
Batman: What did you do?
The Joker: I took Gotham's white knight and I brought him down to our level. It wasn't hard. You see, madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push!
Lt. James Gordon: Harvey Dent never made it home.
The Joker: Of course not.
Lt. James Gordon: What have you done with him?
The Joker: Me? I was right here.
The Joker: Who did you leave him with? Your people? Assuming, of course, they are still *your* people, and not Maroni's. Does it depress you, commissioner? To know just how alone you really are? Does it make you feel responsible for Harvey Dent's current predicament?
Lt. James Gordon: Where is he?
The Joker: What's the time?
Lt. James Gordon: What difference does that make?
The Joker: Well, depending on the time, he may be in one spot, or several.
Lt. James Gordon: If we're gonna play games...
Lt. James Gordon: I'm gonna need a cup of coffee.
The Joker: Ah, the good cop, bad cop routine?
Lt. James Gordon: Not exactly.
The Chechen: Joker-man, what you do with all your money?
The Joker: You see, I'm a guy of simple taste. I enjoy dynamite, and gunpowder, and gasoline!
The Chechen: What the...?
The Joker: Ah-ta-ta-ta-ta. And you know the thing they have in common? They're cheap.
Two-Face: You thought we could be decent men in an indecent time. But you were wrong. The world is cruel, and the only morality in a cruel world is chance.
Two-Face: Unbiased. Unprejudiced. Fair.
The Joker: I had a vision, of a world without Batman. The mob ground out a little profit and the police tried to shut them down, one block at a time. And it was so... boring. I've had a change of heart. I don't want Mr. Reese spoiling everything, but why should I have all the fun? Let's give someone else a chance. If Coleman Reese isn't dead in sixty minutes then I blow up a hospital.
Harvey Dent: The famous Bruce Wayne. Rachel's told me everything about you.
Bruce Wayne: I certainly hope not.
Salvatore Maroni: Look, if I tell you, will you let me go?
Two-Face: Can't hurt your chances.
Salvatore Maroni: It was Ramirez.
Salvatore Maroni: But you said...
Two-Face: I said it couldn't hurt your chances.
Two-Face: You're a lucky man.
Two-Face: He's not.
Salvatore Maroni: Who?
Two-Face: Your driver.
The Joker: I like this job - I like it!
The Joker: We really should stop this fighting, otherwise we'll miss the fireworks!
Batman: There won't *be* any fireworks!
The Joker: And here... we... go!
Batman: What were you trying to prove? That deep down, everyone's as ugly as you? You're alone!
The Joker: Can't rely on anyone these days, you have to do everything yourself, don't we!
The Joker: Come on, I want you to do it, I want you to do it. Come on, hit me. Hit me!
Harvey Dent: Alfred, right?
Alfred Pennyworth: That's right, sir.
Harvey Dent: Yeah, Rachel talks about you all the time. You've known her, her whole life!
Alfred Pennyworth: Oh, not yet, sir.
Harvey Dent: Heh heh heh. Any psychotic ex-boyfriends I should be aware of?
Alfred Pennyworth: Oh, you have no idea.
Gambol: You think you can steal from us and just walk away?
The Joker: Yeah.
Alfred Pennyworth: Know your limits, Master Wayne.
Bruce Wayne: Batman has no limits.
Alfred Pennyworth: Well, you do, sir.
Bruce Wayne: Well, can't afford to know 'em.
Alfred Pennyworth: And what happens on the day that you find out?
Bruce Wayne: Well, we all know how much you love to say "I told you so."
Alfred Pennyworth: On that day, Master Wayne, even I won't want to. Probably.
The Joker: Tonight you're all gonna be part of a social experiment. Through the magic of diesel fuel and ammonium nitrate, I'm ready right now to blow you all sky high. Anyone attempts to get off their boat, you all die. Each of you has a remote... to blow up the other boat. At midnight, I blow you all up. If, however, one of you presses the button, I'll let that boat live. So, who's it going to be: Harvey Dent's most wanted scumbag collection, or the sweet and innocent civilians? You choose... oh, and you might want to decide quickly, because the people on the other boat might not be so noble.
The Joker: Don't talk like one of them, you're not! Even if you'd like to be. To them, you're just a freak, like me. They need you right now. But when they don't, they'll cast you out, like a leper. See, their morals, their code... it's a bad joke. Dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you, when the chips are down, these... these civilized people? They'll eat each other. See, I'm not a monster, I'm just ahead of the curve.
Batman: Where's Dent?
The Joker: You have all these rules and you think they'll save you!
Lt. James Gordon: He's in control.
Batman: I have one rule.
The Joker: Oh, then that's the rule you'll have to break to know the truth.
Batman: Which is?
The Joker: The only sensible way to live in this world is without rules.
The Joker: And tonight you're gonna break your one rule.
Batman: I'm considering it.
The Joker: Oh, there's only minutes left, so you're gonna have to play my little game if you wanna save one of them.
Batman: Them?
The Joker: You know for awhile there, I thought you really were Dent. The way you threw yourself after her.
The Joker: Look at you go! Does Harvey know about you and his little bunny?
Batman: Where are they?
The Joker: Killing is making a choice.
Batman: Where are they?
The Joker: Choose between one life or the other. Your friend, the district attorney, or his blushing bride-to-be...
The Joker: You have nothing, nothing to threaten me with! Nothing to do with all your strength!
The Joker: Don't worry, I'm gonna tell you where they are. Both of them. And that's the point. You'll have to choose. He's at 250 52ND Street and she's on Avenue X, at Cicero.
Alfred Pennyworth: Will you be wanting the Batpod, sir?
Bruce Wayne: In the middle of the day, Alfred? Not very subtle.
Alfred Pennyworth: The Lamborghini, then.
Alfred Pennyworth: Much more subtle.
Bruce Wayne: People are dying, Alfred. What would you have me do?
Alfred Pennyworth: Endure, Master Wayne. Take it. They'll hate you for it, but that's the point of Batman, he can be the outcast. He can make the choice that no one else can make, the right choice.
Bruce Wayne: Well today I found out what Batman can't do. He can't endure this. Today you get to say "I told you so."
Alfred Pennyworth: Today, I don't want to.
Alfred Pennyworth: But I did bloody tell you.
The Joker: Are you the real Batman?
Brian: No.
The Joker: No? Then why do you dress like him?
Brian: He's a symbol... that we don't have to be afraid of scum like you.
The Joker: Yeah, you do, Brian. You *really* do!
Grumpy: That's a lot of money. If this Joker guy was so smart, he'd have had us bring a bigger car.
Grumpy: I'm bettin' the Joker told you to kill me as soon as we loaded the cash.
Bozo: No, no no no. I kill the bus driver.
Grumpy: Bus driver? What bus driver?
Bus Driver: School's out! Time to go!
Bus Driver: Cat's not gettin' up, is he?
Bus Driver: That's a lot of money. What happened to the rest of the guys?
Gotham National Bank Manager: Think you're smart, huh? The guy that hired youze, he'll just do the same to you. Oh, criminals in this town used to believe in things. Honor. Respect. Look at you! What do you believe in, huh? WHAT DO YOU BELIEVE IN?
Bozo: I believe, whatever doesn't kill you, simply makes you...
The Joker: ...stranger.
The Joker: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We are tonight's entertainment! I only have one question. Where is Harvey Dent?
The Joker: You know where Harvey is? You know who he is?
The Joker: You know where I can find Harvey? I need to talk to him about something. Just something, a little.
The Joker: No...
Salvatore Maroni: From one professional to another, if you're trying to scare somebody, pick a better spot. From this height, the fall wouldn't kill me.
Batman: I'm counting on it.
Lt. James Gordon: It's mister Wayne, isn't it? That was a very brave thing you did!
Bruce Wayne: Trying to catch the light?
Lt. James Gordon: You weren't protecting the van?
Bruce Wayne: Why, who's in it?
Bruce Wayne: Do you think I should go to the hospital?
Lt. James Gordon: You don't watch a whole lot of news, do you, Mr. Wayne?
Alfred Pennyworth: Did you get mauled by a tiger?
Bruce Wayne: It was a dog.
Alfred Pennyworth: Huh?
Bruce Wayne: It was a big dog!
Bruce Wayne: More copycats last night, Alfred, with guns.
Alfred Pennyworth: Why don't you hire them and take the weekend off?
James Gordon Jr.: Did Batman save you, Daddy?
Lt. James Gordon: Actually, this time I saved him.
Batman: Where is he?
Salvatore Maroni: I don't know where he is, he found us!
Batman: He must have friends!
Salvatore Maroni: Friends? Have you met this guy?
The Joker: Tell them your name.
Brian: Brian... Douglas.
The Joker: Are you the real Batman?
Brian: No.
The Joker: No?
Brian: No.
The Joker: No? Then why do you dress up like him?
The Joker: whooo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Brian: Because he's a symbol that we don't have to be afraid of scum like you.
The Joker: Oh you do, Brian. You really do. Yeah. Oh shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. So, you think Batman's made Gotham a better place? Hmm? Look at me. LOOK AT ME!
The Joker: You see? This is how crazy Batman's made Gotham! You want order in Gotham? Batman must take off his mask and turn himself in. Oh, and every day he doesn't, people will die. Starting tonight. I'm a man of my word.
The Joker: If we don't deal with this now, soon little, uh, Gambol here won't be able to get a nickel for his grandma.
Gambol: Enough from the clown!
The Joker: Ah-ta-ta-ta! Let's not *blow*...
Man No. 1: Shit!
The Joker: ...this out of proportion.
The Joker: It's a funny world we live in. Speaking of which, do you know how I got these scars?
Batman: No! But I know how you got these!
Rachel Dawes: Dear Bruce. I need to be honest and clear. I'm going to marry Harvey Dent. I love him, and I want to spend the rest of my life with him. When I told you that if Gotham no longer needed Batman we could be together, I meant it. But now I'm sure the day won't come when *you* no longer need Batman. I hope it does; and if it does I will be there, but as your friend. I'm sorry to let you down. If you lose your faith in me, please keep your faith in people. Love, now and always, Rachel.
Two-Face: You thought we could be decent men, in an indecent time! But you were wrong. The world is cruel, and the only morality in a cruel world is chance. Unbiased, unprejudiced... fair. His son's got the same chance she had. Fifty-fifty.
Batman: What happened to Rachel wasn't chance. We decided to act. We three.
Two-Face: Then why was it me who was the only one who lost everything?
Batman: It wasn't...
James Gordon Jr.: Why's he running, Dad?
Lt. James Gordon: Because we have to chase him.
James Gordon Jr.: He didn't do anything wrong.
Lt. James Gordon: Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll hunt him. Because he can take it. Because he's not our hero. He's a silent guardian, a watchful protector. A dark knight.
Bruce Wayne: How will it hold up against dogs?
Lucius Fox: We talking Rottweilers or Chihuahuas? Should do fine against cats.
Alfred Pennyworth: I trust you don't have *me* followed on my day off.
Bruce Wayne: If you ever took one, I might.
Bruce Wayne: What about getting back into the plane?
Lucius Fox: I'd recommend a good travel agent.
Bruce Wayne: Without it landing.
Lucius Fox: Now that's more like it, Mr. Wayne.
The Joker: Never start with the head, the victim gets all fuzzy. He can't feel the next...
The Joker: See?
Batman: Because sometimes the truth isn't good enough.
Batman: Sometimes, people deserve more.
Bruce Wayne: ...Because sometimes truth isn't good enough. Sometimes people deserve more.
Lucius Fox: Lucius Fox: Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands; and your plan, is to *blackmail* this person?
Lucius Fox: Good luck.
Gambol: You're crazy.
The Joker: I'm not. No, I'm not.
Batman: in the interrogation roomWhere is Dent?
The Joker: You have all these rules and you think they'll save you.
Lt. James Gordon: He's in control.
Batman: I have one rule.
The Joker: Oh, then that's the rule you'll have to break to know the truth.
Batman: Which is?
The Joker: The only sensible way to live in this world is without rules.
The Joker: And tonight you're gonna break your one rule!
Batman: I'm considering it.
The Joker: Oh, there's only minutes left, so you're gonna have to play my little game if you want to save one of them.
Batman: Them?
The Joker: You know for a while there, I thought you really were Dent. The way you threw yourself after her!
Harvey Dent: I don't know about Mr. Lau's travel arrangements, but I'm sure glad he's here.
The Chechen: I put word out. We hire the clown.
The Chechen: He was right. We have to fix real problems: Batman.
Lt. James Gordon: Ah our boy looks good on the tube.
Salvatore Maroni: You sure you want to embarrass me in front of my friends, Lieutenant?
Lt. James Gordon: Don't worry. They're coming too.
Detective Stephens: Have a nice trip. See you next fall.
Judge Surrillo: 747 counts of extortion, 849 counts of racketeering, 246 counts of fraud, 87 counts of conspiracy to murder...
Judge Surrillo: ... 527 counts of obstruction of justice. How do the defendants plead?
Judge Surrillo: Order! Order in the court!
Mayor Anthony Garcia: 549 criminals at once. How did you convince Surillo to hear this farce?
Harvey Dent: She shares my enthusiasm for justice. After all, she is a judge.
Mayor Anthony Garcia: Well even if you're able to blow enough smoke to get convictions out of Surillo, you're going to set a new record at appeals for quickest kick in the ass.
Harvey Dent: It won't matter. The head guys make bail, sure... but the mid-level guys, they can't, and they can't afford to be off the streets long enough for trial and appeal. They'll cut deals that include *some* jail time. Think of all you could do with 18 months of clean streets.
Mayor Anthony Garcia: The public likes you, Dent. That's the *only* reason this might fly. But that means it's on you. They're all coming after you now. Not just the mob: politicians, journalists, cops. Anyone whose wallet's about to get lighter. Are you up to it?
Mayor Anthony Garcia: You better be. They get anything back on you, those criminals will be back on the streets...
Mayor Anthony Garcia: Followed swiftly by you and me.
Batman: Don't let me find you out here again.
Brian: We're trying to help you!
Batman: I don't need help.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Not my diagnosis!
Brian: What gives you the right? What's the difference between you and me?
Batman: I'm not wearing hockey pads!
The Joker: Oh, and by the way, the suit, it wasn't cheap. You oughta know, you bought it.
The Joker: Tell your men they work for me now. This is my city.
The Chechen: They won't work... for a FREAK!
The Joker: Freak? Why don't we cut you up into little pieces and feed you to your pooches, hmm? And then we'll see just how loyal a hungry dog REALLY is!
The Joker: It's not about money... its about sending a message.
The Joker: Everything burns!
Bruce Wayne: I knew the mob wouldn't go down without a fight. But this is different, they crossed the line.
Alfred Pennyworth: You crossed the line first, sir. You hammered then and in their desperation they turned to a man they didn't fully understand. Some men aren't looking for anything logical. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
The Joker: Arrrgh! Could you *please* just give me a minute?
Lt. James Gordon: Everyone knows you're Gotham's White Knight.
Harvey Dent: Remember that name you all had for me when I was at Internal Affairs? What was it, Gordon?
Lt. James Gordon: Harvey, I...
Harvey Dent: Say it.
Two-Face: Say it!
Lt. James Gordon: Two-Face. Harvey Two-Face.
Harvey Dent: Why should I hide who I am?
Gotham National Bank Manager: Do you have any idea who you're stealing from? You and your friends are dead!
Grumpy: He's out, right?
Grumpy: Where did you learn to count?
The Joker: See, this is how crazy Batman's made Gotham! If you want order in Gotham, Batman must take off his mask and turn himself in. Oh, and every day he doesn't, people will die, starting tonight. I'm a man of my word.
Lau: For obvious reasons, I couldn't wait for your permission. Rest assured, your money is safe.
The Joker: And I thought my jokes were bad.
Lucius Fox: It emits a high-frequency pulse for mapping an environment and records a response time.
Bruce Wayne: Sonar. Just like a...
Lucius Fox: Like a *submarine*, Mr. Wayne. Like a submarine.
The Joker: Now, our operation is small, but there's a lot of potential for "aggressive" expansion. So, which of you fine gentlemen would like to join our team? Oh, there's only one spot open right now, so we're gonna have...
The Joker: Tryouts.
The Joker: Make it fast.
The Joker: Ooohhh. You want to play. Come on!
Batman: You don't want to hurt the boy, Harvey.
Two-Face: It's not about what I want, it's about what's fair!
The Joker: Tell your men they work for me now. This is my city.
The Chechen: They won't work for a freak...
The Joker: A freak...
The Joker: Why don't we cut you up into little pieces and feed you to your pooches? Hmm? And then we'll see how loyal a hungry dog really is. It's not about money... it's about sending a message. Everything burns!
Bruce Wayne: I need a new suit.
Lucius Fox: Yeah, three buttons is a little '90's, Mr. Wayne.
Bruce Wayne: I'm not talking fashion, Mr. Fox, so much as function.
Lucius Fox: You want to be able to turn your head.
Bruce Wayne: Sure would make backing out of the driveway easier.
The Joker: Now there's a Batman!
Detective Wuertz: Listen, Dent, I swear to God I didn't know what they were gonna do to you.
Two-Face: That's funny...
Two-Face: 'Cause I don't know what's gonna happen to you either.
Two-Face: The joker chose me!
Batman: Because you were the best of us. He wanted to prove that even someone as good as you could fall.
Two-Face: And he was right.
Batman: You're the one pointing the gun, Harvey. So point it at the people responsible.
Two-Face: Fair enough.
Two-Face: You first.
Two-Face: Two-Face: My turn.
Mayor: What'd we got?
Lt. James Gordon: Nothing. No matches on prints, DNA, dental. Clothing is custom, no labels. Nothing in his pockets but knives and lint. No name, no other alias.
Lt. James Gordon: They'll hunt you.
Batman: You'll hunt me. You'll condemn me. Set the dogs on me. Because that's what needs to happen.
Lucius Fox: Now, for high altitude jumps, you'll need oxygen and stabilizers; but I must say, compared to your usual requests, jumping out of an airplane is pretty straightforward.
Bruce Wayne: And what about getting back into the plane?
Lucius Fox: I'd recommend a good travel agent.
Bruce Wayne: Without it landing.
Lucius Fox: Now that's more like it. The CIA had a program back in the 60s for getting their people out of hotspots called Skyhook. We could look into that.
Bruce Wayne: So, let's put a couple tables together.
Harvey Dent: I'm not sure they'll let us.
Bruce Wayne: Oh, they should. I own the place.
Grumpy: Three of a kind, let's do this!
Chuckles: Huh, that's it? Three guys?
Grumpy: Plus two guys on the roof. Every guy gets a share. Five shares is plenty.
Chuckles: *Six* shares. Don't forget the guy who planned the job.
Grumpy: If he thinks he can sit it out and still take a slice I know why they call him "The Joker".
Happy: So why do they call him "the Joker"?
Dopey: I hear he wears makeup.
Happy: Makeup?
Happy: Yeah, to scare people. You know, war paint.
Grumpy: All right, everybody! Hands up, heads down!
Grumpy: Let's put hands up, heads down!
Grumpy: Let's go, pal! I'm making a withdrawal here!
Grumpy: I said hands up!
Dopey: Here comes the silent alarm...
Dopey: ... and there it goes!
Dopey: That's funny. It didn't dial out to 911 - it was trying to reach a private number.
Happy: Is there a problem?
Dopey: Nah, nah. I'm done here.
Grumpy: Obviously we don't want you doing anything with your hands other than holding on to dear life!
Batman: You wanted me, here I am.
Mike Engel: "I'm Mike Engel for Gotham Tonight. What does it take to make you people join in? You failed to kill the lawyer. I've got to get you off the bench..."
The Joker: Bench...
Mike Engel: "And into the game."
The Joker: ...game.
Mike Engel: "Come nightfall, this city is mine..."
The Joker: Mine...
Mike Engel: "... and anyone left here plays by my rules."
The Joker: ...rules.
Mike Engel: "If you don't want to be in the game... get out now.
The Joker: ...get out now
Mike Engel: But the bridge and tunnel crowd are sure in for a surprise. Ha ha ha ha."
Lucius Fox: No, I really came to tell you that our business deal has to be put on hold. You see, we can't afford to be seen to do business with whatever it is you're accused of being. I'm sure a businessman of your stature will understand.
Lau: I think, Mr. Fox, a simple phone call might have sufficed.
Lucius Fox: Mr. Wayne didn't want you to think that he was deliberately wasting your time.
Lau: Just accidentally wasting it.
Lucius Fox: That's very good, Mr. Lau. Accidentally. Very good.
Two-Face: Tell your boy it's going to be all right, Gordon. Lie, like I lied.
Lt. James Gordon: It's going to be all right, son.
The Joker: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We are tonight's entertainment! I only have one question. Where is Harvey Dent?
Harvey Dent: Carbon fiber, .28 Caliber, made in China.
Harvey Dent: If you want to kill a public servant, Mr. Maroni, I recommend you buy American.
Judge Freel: Get him out of here!
Harvey Dent: But, Your Honor, I'm not done.
The Joker: Those mob fools want you gone so they can get back to the way things were. But I know the truth: there's no going back. You've changed things... forever.
Batman: If I get him to you, can you get him to talk?
Harvey Dent: I'll get him to sing.
Lt. James Gordon: We're going after the mob's life savings. Things will get ugly.
Harvey Dent: I knew the risks when I took this job, Lieutenant.
Harvey Dent: How will you get him back any...
Lt. James Gordon: He does that.
The Joker: You can't rely on anybody these days, you gotta do everything yourself, don't we? But that's okay, I came prepared. It's a funny world we live in; speaking of which, you know how I got these scars?
Bruce Wayne: No, but I know how you got these.
Detective Wuertz: Dent. Jesus. I thought you was dead.
Two-Face: Half.
Natascha: How could you want to raise children in a city like this?
Bruce Wayne: Well, I grew up in Gotham, and I turned out all right.
The Chechen: Look at what your drugs did to my customers.
Scarecrow: Buyer beware. I told you my compound would take you places. I never said they'd be places you wanted to go.
The Chechen: My business... repeat customers...
Scarecrow: If you don't like what I have to offer, you can buy from someone else. Assuming Batman left anyone to buy from.
Bruce Wayne: You look tired, Alfred. You'll be all right without me?
Alfred Pennyworth: You can tell me the Russian for, "Apply your own bloody suntan lotion."
Lucius Fox: Perhaps you should read the instructions first?
Bruce Wayne: Right.
Harvey Dent: Well, I guess no answer is a no.
Rachel Dawes: Harvey...
Harvey Dent: It's someone else, isn't it?
Rachel Dawes: Harvey...
Harvey Dent: Just tell me it's not Wayne, the guy's a complete...
Rachel Dawes: What are you doing?
Bruce Wayne: They're coming for him!
Alfred Pennyworth: You spat in the faces of Gotham's worse criminals. Didn't you think there might be some casualties? Things were always going to get worse before they got better.
Scarecrow: Buyer beware. I told you my compound would take you places. I never said they were places you wanted to go!
The Joker: Harvey, Harvey, Harvey Dent.
The Joker: Oh, excuse me, I want to drive!
Two-Face: Going to join your wife? Do you love her?
Salvatore Maroni: Yes.
Two-Face: Did you ever wonder what it would be like to listen to her die?
Salvatore Maroni: Look, take it up with the Joker. He killed your woman. He made you - like this.
Two-Face: The Joker's just a mad dog. I want whoever let him off the leash.
Maroni's Mistress: Can't we go someplace quieter? We can't hear each other talk.
Salvatore Maroni: What makes you think I want to hear you talk?
The Joker: We made it!
Salvatore Maroni: I thought the D.A. just played golf with the mayor, things like that?
Harvey Dent: Tee off's one-thirty, more than enough time to put you away for life, Sally.
Harvey Dent: Lightly irradiated bills. Fancy stuff for a city cop. Have help?
Lt. James Gordon: We liase with various agencies.
Harvey Dent: Save it, Gordon. I want to meet him.
The Joker: All the old familiar places...
Gambol: I'm putting the word out: Five hundred grand for this clown dead, a million alive so I can teach him some manners first.
The Joker: Let's wind the clocks back a year: These cops and lawyers wouldn't dare cross any of you, so what happened? Did your balls drop off? I know why you choose to have your "group therapy" sessions in broad daylight, I know why you're afraid to go out at night: The Batman. Batman has shown your true colors. Unfortunately, Dent, he's just the beginning.
Bruce Wayne: You know that day that you once told me about, when Gotham would no longer need Batman? It's coming.
Rachel Dawes: Bruce. You can't ask me to wait for that.
Bruce Wayne: It's happening now. Harvey is that hero. He locked up half of the city's criminals, and he did it without wearing a mask. Gotham needs a hero with a face.
The Joker: Never start with the head, the victim gets all fuzzy. He can't feel the next...
The Joker: See?
Grumpy: I'm betting The Joker told you to kill me soon as we loaded the cash.
Bozo: No. No, no, no. I kill the bus driver.
Grumpy: Bus driver? What bus dri-?
Salvatore Maroni: You sure you wanna embarrass me in front of my friends, Lieutenant?
Lt. James Gordon: Oh, don't worry. They're coming too.
Harvey Dent: You can *not* leave me alone with these people.
Rachel Dawes: The whole mob's after you, and you're worried about *these* guys?
Harvey Dent: Yea, well, compared to *these* guys, the mob doesn't scare me.
Happy: They wired this thing up with, like, 5,000 volts. What kind of bank does that?
Grumpy: A mob bank. I guess the Joker is as crazy as they say. Where's the alarm guy?
Happy: Boss told me, when the guy was done, I should take him out. One less share, right?
Grumpy: Funny, he told me something similar.
Happy: What...?
Happy: No, no, no-!
Shotgun SWAT: That's not good!
Shotgun SWAT: Okay, that's not good!
Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb: How'd they get my DNA?
Lt. James Gordon: Someone with access to your house or office must have lifted a tissue or a... glass.
Lt. James Gordon: Wait, WAIT!
Salvatore Maroni: This craziness... it's too much.
Lt. James Gordon: You should have thought of that before you let the clown out of the box.
The Joker: The Joker: See, their morals, their code... it's a bad joke. Dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you, when the chips are down, these... these civilized people? They'll eat each other. See, I'm not a monster, I'm just ahead of the curve.
Batman: Beautiful, isn't it?
Lucius Fox: Beautiful... unethical... dangerous. You've turned every cellphone in Gotham into a microphone.
Batman: And a high-frequency generator-receiver.
Lucius Fox: You took my sonar concept and applied it to every phone in the city. With half the city feeding you sonar, you can image all of Gotham. This is *wrong*.
Batman: I've gotta find this man, Lucius.
Lucius Fox: At what cost?
Batman: The database is null-key encrypted. It can only be accessed by one person.
Lucius Fox: This is too much power for one person.
Batman: That's why I gave it to you. Only you can use it.
Lucius Fox: Spying on 30 million people isn't part of my job description.
Rachel Dawes: You make your own luck...
Batman: You all right?
Rachel Dawes: Let's not do that again.
Reese: They're trying to kill me!
Lt. James Gordon: Well, maybe Batman will save you.
Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb: You're unlikely to discover this for yourself, so take my word, the police commissioner gets a lot of threats. I found the appropriate response to these situations a long time ago.
Lt. James Gordon: Dent is in there with them! We have to save Dent! *I* have to save Dent!
Det. Ramirez: He can't resist showing us his face.
Lt. James Gordon: What's he hiding under that make-up?
Scarecrow: That's not him.
The Chechen: Loose the dogs!
Scarecrow: That's more like it!
Harvey Dent: Very well. Take the Batman into custody.
Harvey Dent: I am the Batman.
The Joker: You'll see. I'll show you.
Happy: So why do they call him "The Joker"?
Dopey: I heard he wears make-up.
Happy: Make-up?
Dopey: Yeah, to scare people. You know, war paint.
Lt. James Gordon: It's a shame Sal's going to walk.
Harvey Dent: Yeah, well, the good thing about the mob is they keep giving you second chances.
Two-Face: Did she believe you?
Det. Ramirez: Yes.
Two-Face: Of course she did. Because she trusts you. Just like Rachel did.
Det. Ramirez: I didn't know what they were...
Two-Face: You didn't know what they were gonna do? You're the second cop to say that to me. What, *exactly*, did you think they were going to do?
Det. Ramirez: They got me early on, my mother's hospital bills, and I...
Two-Face: Don't!
Det. Ramirez: I'm sorry...
Two-Face: Live to fight another day, officer.
The Joker: Okay, rack 'em up. Rack 'em up, rack 'em up, rack 'em up.
Lt. James Gordon: If I didn't work with cops you investigated while you were making your name at I.A. I'd be working alone. I don't get political points for being an idealist, I have to do the best I can with what I have.
Salvatore Maroni: No one's gonna tell you nothin'. They're wise to your act. You got rules. The Joker, he's got no rules. No one's gonna cross him to you. You want this guy, you got one way. But you already know what that is. Just take off that mask and let him come find you. Or you gonna let a couple more people get killed while you make your mind?
The Chechen: Put word out, we hire the clown.
The Chechen: He was right. We have to fix real problem: Batman.
Lt. James Gordon: I'm sorry, I couldn't risk your safety...
Barbara Gordon: No!
Detective Stephens: I'm so sorry, Barbara...
Barbara Gordon: Jimmy, go play with your sister, go ahead.
Detective Stephens: If there's anything I can do...
Barbara Gordon: Are you up there? Are you? You brought this craziness on us! You did! You brought this on us...
Rachel Dawes: Bruce... if you turn yourself in, they're not gonna let us be together.
Mayor: We must remember that vigilance is the price of safety.
Passenger: No one wants to get their hands dirty. Fine I'll do it. Those men on that boat, they made their choices, they chose to murder and steal. It doesn't make any sense for all of us to die too.
Lau: As you're all aware, one of our deposits were stolen. It was a relatively small amount: sixty million dollars.
The Chechen: Who's stupid enough to steal from us?
Salvatore Maroni: Some two-bit whack job. Wears a cheap purple suit and makeup. He's not the problem. The problem is our money being tracked by the cops.
Lau: Thanks to Mr. Maroni's well-placed sources, we know the police have indeed identified our banks using marked bills and are planning to seize your funds today. And since the enthusiastic new DA has put all my competitors out of business, I'm your only option.
The Chechen: What do you propose?
Lau: Moving all secure deposits to one location, not a bank.
Gambol: Where then?
Lau: No one can know but me. If the police were to gain leverage over one of you, then everyone's money would be at stake.
The Chechen: What will stop them from getting to you?
Lau: I'll go to Hong Kong, far from Dent's jurisdiction, and the Chinese will not extradite one of their own.
Salvatore Maroni: How soon can you move the money?
Lau: I already have.
The Joker: And as for the television's so-called "plan", Batman has no jurisdiction. He'll find him and make him squeal. I know the squealers when I see them, and...
Male Guest: what's going on out there? Wayne!
Female Guest: thank God, you've got a panic room
Male Guest: wait
Female Guest: you've got to be kidding me
Lt. James Gordon: We got you, you son of a bitch!
The Chechen: Who's stupid enough to steal from us?
Salvatore Maroni: Some two-bit whack-job. Wears a cheap purple suit and make-up. He's not the problem. He's a nobody.
Detective Murphy: Look at these ugly bastards.
Fat Thug: I don't feel good.
Detective Murphy: You're a cop-killer. You're lucky to be feeling anything below the neck.
The Chechen: This is why we bring dogs!
Dopey: Here comes the silent alarm...
Dopey: And there it goes.
Dopey: That's funny, it didn't dial out to 9-1-1. It was trying to reach a private number.
Happy: Is it a problem?
Dopey: Nah, I'm done here.
Grumpy: Obviously, we don't want you doing anything with your hands except hanging on for dear life!
Two-Face: You do like to play things pretty close to the chest
Lt. James Gordon: We got him Harvey
Two-Face: These things are built for that right?
Armored Car SWAT: He's going to need something a lot bigger to get through this
Thug at Party: Hands up pretty boy.
The Joker: "Never start with the head, the victim gets all... fuzzy. They can't feel the next..."
The Joker: "See..."
Cop Heckler: No more dead cops!
Lt. James Gordon: Mount the curb!
Shotgun SWAT: come on, get us out of here, let's go
Detective Stephens: I know you're gonna enjoy this. I'm gonna try and have to enjoy it even more.
Convoy Leader: what the hell is that? Obstruction ahead obstruction ahead, damn it, all units divert down to lower fifth. I repeat exit down.
Uniform Cop: hey, you wait like everybody else pal
Armored Car SWAT: we're in trouble guys
Shotgun SWAT: lower fifth? We'll be like turkeys on thanksgiving down there.
Tattooed Prisoner: You don't want to die, but you don't know how to take a life. Give it to me; these men would kill you, and take it anyway. Give it to me. You can tell 'em I took it by force. Give it to me, and I'll do what you shoulda did ten minutes ago.
    