
Jim: Oh, boys! Lookee what I got heyuh.
Bart: Hey, where are the white women at?
Jim: What did you expect? "Welcome, sonny"? "Make yourself at home"? "Marry my daughter"? You've got to remember that these are just simple farmers. These are people of the land. The common clay of the new West. You know... morons.
Charlie: They said you was hung.
Bart: And they was right.
Bart: The drunk in number two must be awake.
Bart: Are we awake?
Jim: We're not sure. Are we... black?
Bart: Yes, we are.
Jim: Then we're awake... but we're very puzzled.
Mexican Bandit: Badges...? We don't need no stinking badges!
Bart: I better go check out this Mongo character.
Jim: Oh no, don't do that, don't do that. If you shoot him, you'll just make him mad.
Hedley Lamarr: My mind is a raging torrent, flooded with rivulets of thought cascading into a waterfall of creative alternatives.
Taggart: God darnit, Mr. Lamarr, you use your tongue prettier than a twenty dollar whore.
Bart: Well, Jim, since you are my guest and I am your host, what's your pleasure? What do you like to do?
Jim: Oh, I don't know. Play chess... screw...
Bart: Well, let's play chess.
Taggart: What do you want me to do, sir?
Hedley Lamarr: I want you to round up every vicious criminal and gunslinger in the west. Take this down.
Hedley Lamarr: I want rustlers, cut throats, murderers, bounty hunters, desperados, mugs, pugs, thugs, nitwits, halfwits, dimwits, vipers, snipers, con men, Indian agents, Mexican bandits, muggers, buggerers, bushwhackers, hornswogglers, horse thieves, bull dykes, train robbers, bank robbers, ass-kickers, shit-kickers and Methodists.
Taggart: Could you repeat that, sir?
Lili Von Shtupp: Would you like another schnitzengruben?
Bart: No, thank you. Fifteen is my limit on schnitzengruben.
Lili Von Shtupp: Well, then how about a little...
Bart: Baby, please! I am not from Havana.
Lili Von Shtupp: Will I... see you again?
Bart: Well, it all depends on how much vitamin E I can get my hands on.
Bart: Stampeding cattle.
Hedley Lamarr: That's not much of a crime.
Bart: Through the Vatican?
Hedley Lamarr: Kinkyyyy. Sign here.
Bart: Mornin', ma'am. And isn't it a lovely mornin'?
Elderly Woman: Up yours, nigger.
Jim: Well, it got so that every piss-ant prairie punk who thought he could shoot a gun would ride into town to try out the Waco Kid. I must have killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille. It got pretty gritty. I started to hear the word "draw" in my sleep. Then one day, I was just walking down the street when I heard a voice behind me say, "Reach for it, mister!" I spun around... and there I was, face to face with a six-year old kid. Well, I just threw my guns down and walked away. Little bastard shot me in the ass. So I limped to the nearest saloon, crawled inside a whiskey bottle... and I've been there ever since.
Hedley Lamarr: Meeting adjourned. Oh, I am sorry, sir, I didn't mean to overstep my bounds. You say that.
Governor Lepetomane: What?
Hedley Lamarr: "Meeting is adjourned".
Governor Lepetomane: It is?
Hedley Lamarr: No, you *say* that, Governor.
Governor Lepetomane: What?
Hedley Lamarr: "Meeting is adjourned".
Governor Lepetomane: It is?
Hedley Lamarr: Here, play around with this for awhile.
Governor Lepetomane: Thank you, Hedy.
Hedley Lamarr: No, it's Hedley!
Governor Lepetomane: It is?
Taggart: What in the wide, wide world of sports is a-goin' on here? I hired you people to get a bit of track laid, not to jump around like a bunch of Kansas City faggots!
Lili Von Shtupp: Tell me, schatze, is it twue what they say about the way you people are... gifted?
Lili Von Shtupp: Oh, it's twue. It's twue. It's twue, it's twue!
Hedley Lamarr: Men, you are about to embark on a great crusade to stamp out runaway decency in the west. Now you men will only be risking your lives, whilst I will be risking an almost certain Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
Hedley Lamarr: My mind is aglow with whirling, transient nodes of thought careening through a cosmic vapor of invention.
Taggart: Ditto.
Hedley Lamarr: "Ditto?" "Ditto," you provincial putz?
Jim: Uh-oh, Bart. I think Mongo here's taken a liking to you.
Mongo: Huh-huh, naw, Mongo straight.
Bart: Excuse me while I whip this out.
Bart: What's your name?
Jim: Well, my name is Jim, but most people call me... Jim.
Bart: Sir, he specifically requested two "niggers". Well, to tell the family secret, my grandmother was Dutch.
Taggart: Send a wire to the main office and tell them I said...
Taggart: OW!
Lyle: Send wire, main office, tell them I said "ow". Gotcha!
Taggart: I got it! I know how we can run everyone out of Rock Ridge.
Hedley Lamarr: How?
Taggart: We'll kill the first born male child in every household.
Hedley Lamarr: Too Jewish.
Bart: Hold it! Next man makes a move, the nigger gets it!
Olson Johnson: Hold it, men. He's not bluffing.
Dr. Sam Johnson: Listen to him, men. He's just crazy enough to do it!
Bart: Drop it! Or I swear I'll blow this nigger's head all over this town!
Bart: Oh, lo'dy, lo'd, he's desp'it! Do what he sayyyy, do what he sayyyy!
Harriet Johnson: Isn't anybody going to help that poor man?
Dr. Sam Johnson: Hush, Harriet! That's a sure way to get him killed!
Bart: Oooh! He'p me, he'p me! Somebody he'p me! He'p me! He'p me! He'p me!
Bart: Shut up!
Bart: Ooh, baby, you are so talented!
Bart: And they are so *dumb*!
Taggart: *Le Petomane Thruway*? Now what'll that asshole think of next?
Taggart: Has anybody got a dime?
Taggart: Somebody's gotta go back and get a shit-load of dimes!
Bart: A man drink like that and he don't eat, he is going to DIE.
Jim: When?
Hedley Lamarr: Sign here.
Jim: Why, Rhett! How many times have I told you to wash up after weekly cross burning?
Jim: See, it's coming off.
Bart: And now, for my next impression... Jesse Owens.
Mongo: Mongo only pawn... in game of life.
Jim: I must have killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille.
Gabby Johnson: Hey! The sheriff's a nig...
Harriet Johnson: What did he say?
Dr. Sam Johnson: He said the sheriff's near.
Gabby Johnson: No, gone blame it dang blammit! The sheriff is a nig...
Hedley Lamarr: Qualifications?
Applicant: Rape, murder, arson, and rape.
Hedley Lamarr: You said rape twice.
Applicant: I like rape.
Taggart: Oh, shit. Quicksand!
Taggart: Dang, that was lucky. Doggone near lost a four hundred dollar handcar.
Rev. Johnson: Now I don't have to tell you good folks what's been happening in our beloved little town. Sheriff murdered, crops burned, stores looted, people stampeded, and cattle raped. The time has come to act, and act fast. I'm leaving.
Harriet Johnson: To the honorable William J. Le Petomane, Governor...
Townspeople: Louder! We can't hear you!
Harriet Johnson: I'm not used to public speaking.
Harriet Johnson: WE
Harriet Johnson: THE WHITE, GODFEARING CITIZENS OF ROCK RIDGE wish to express our extreme displeasure with your choice of sheriff. Please remove him immediately! The fact that you have sent him here just goes to prove that you are the leading asshole in the state!
Buddy Bizarre: What in the hell do you think you're doing here? This is a closed set!
Taggart: Piss on you! I'm working for Mel Brooks!
Buddy Bizarre: Not in the face!
Buddy Bizarre: Thank you...
Lili Von Shtupp: Hello, handsome, is that a ten-gallon hat or are you just enjoying the show?
Lili Von Shtupp: Hello, cowboy. What's your name?
Tex: Tex, ma'am!
Lili Von Shtupp: "Texmam"? Tell me, Texmam, are you in show business?
Tex: Well, no...
Lili Von Shtupp: Then why don't you get your fwiggin' feet off the stage?
Jim: Look at my hand.
Bart: Steady as a rock.
Jim: Yeah, but I shoot with this one.
Hedley Lamarr: A sheriff! But law and order is the last thing I want. Wait a minute... maybe I could turn this thing into my advantage. If I could find a sheriff who so offends the citizens of Rock Ridge that his very appearance would drive them out of town.
Hedley Lamarr: But where would I find such a man?
Hedley Lamarr: Why am I asking you?
Gabby Johnson: I wash born here, an I wash raished here, and dad gum it, I am gonna die here, an no sidewindin' bushwackin', hornswagglin' cracker croaker is gonna rouin me bishen cutter.
Hedley Lamarr: Think of your secretary...
Governor Lepetomane: Thank you. That's a good one.
Governor Lepetomane: I didn't get a "harrumph" out of that guy!
Hedley Lamarr: Give the Governor harrumph!
Politician: Harrumph!
Governor Lepetomane: You watch your ass.
Hedley Lamarr: If you will just sign this, Governor. Right here.
Governor Lepetomane: Yes, yes. What the hell is it?
Hedley Lamarr: Well, under the provisions of this bill, we would snatch two hundred thousand acres of Indian land, which we have deemed unsuitable for their use at this time. They're such children.
Governor Lepetomane: Two hundred thousand acres? Two hundred thousand acres? What'll it cost, man, what'll it cost?
Hedley Lamarr: A box of these.
Governor Lepetomane: Are you crazy? They'll never go for it. And then again they might. Those little red devils... they love toys!
Hedley Lamarr: Repeat after me: I...
Men: I...
Hedley Lamarr: ...your name...
Men: ...your name...
Hedley Lamarr: Shmucks.
Hedley Lamarr: ...pledge allegiance...
Men: ...pledge allegiance...
Hedley Lamarr: ...to Hedley Lamarr...
Men: ...to Hedy Lamarr...
Hedley Lamarr: That's *Hedley*!
Men: That's Hedley!
Hedley Lamarr: ...and to the evil...
Men: ...and to the evil...
Hedley Lamarr: ...for which he stands.
Men: ...for which he stands.
Hedley Lamarr: Now go do... that voodoo... that *you* do... *so well*...!
Mongo: Mongo no go. Mongo stay with Sheriff Bart. Sheriff Bart first man ever whip Mongo. Mongo impressed. Have deep feelings for Sheriff Bart.
Taggart: I got it! I got it!
Hedley Lamarr: You do?
Taggart: We'll work up a Number 6 on 'em.
Hedley Lamarr: "Number 6"? I'm afraid I'm not familiar with that one.
Taggart: Well, that's where we go a-ridin' into town, a-whompin' and a-whumpin' every livin' thing that moves within an inch of its life. Except the women folks, of course.
Hedley Lamarr: You spare the women?
Taggart: Naw, we rape the shit out of them at the Number Six Dance later on.
Hedley Lamarr: Marvelous!
Bart: Mongo was easy. The bitch was inventing the candy-gram. Probably won't even give me credit for it.
Elderly Woman: Good evening, Sheriff. Sorry about the "Up yours, nigger". I hope this apple pie will in some small way say thank you for your ingenuity and courage in defeating that horrible Mongo.
Bart: Well, uh... thank you, much obliged. Good night.
Elderly Woman: Of course, you'll have the good taste not to mention that I spoke to you.
Bart: Of course.
Elderly Woman: Thank you.
Governor Lepetomane: Thank you, Hedy, thank you
Hedley Lamarr: It's not *Hedy*, it's *Hedley*. Hedley Lamarr.
Governor Lepetomane: What the hell are you worried about? This is 1874. You'll be able to sue *her*.
Bart: I'm rapidly becoming a big underground success in this town.
Jim: See? In another twenty-five years, you'll be able to shake their hands in broad daylight.
Jim: Where you headed, cowboy?
Bart: Nowhere special.
Jim: Nowhere special? I always wanted to go there.
Bart: Come on.
Bart: Candygram for Mongo! Candygram for Mongo!
Mongo: Me Mongo.
Bart: Sign, please.
Bart: Thank you.
Mongo: Mongo like candy.
Taggart: The surveyors say they may have run into some quicksand up ahead. Better check it out.
Lyle: Okay, I'll send down a team of horses to check out the ground.
Taggart: *Horses*?
Taggart: We can't afford to lose any horses, you dummy! Send over a couple of niggers.
Lili Von Shtupp: I've been with thousands of men/again and again/they promise the moon/they're always coming and going and going and coming... and always too soon.
Lili Von Shtupp: Right, girls?
Hedley Lamarr: Qualifications?
Gum Chewer: Murder... armed robbery... mayhem...
Hedley Lamarr: Wait a moment. What have you got in your mouth?
Gum Chewer: Nuff'm.
Hedley Lamarr: "Nuff'm", eh? Lyle!
Lyle: Gum!
Hedley Lamarr: Chewing gum on line, eh? I hope you brought enough for everybody.
Gum Chewer: I didn't know there was going to be so many!
Jim: Boy, is he strict!
Howard Johnson: As honorary chairman of the welcoming committee, it's my privilege to present a Laurel and Hardy handshake to our new...
Howard Johnson: ...nigger.
Olson Johnson: All right... we'll give some land to the niggers and the chinks. But we don't want the Irish!
Olson Johnson: Aw, prairie shit... Everybody!
Hedley Lamarr: Gentlemen, please rest your sphincters.
Olson Johnson: Now who can argue with that? I think we're all indebted to Gabby Johnson for clearly stating what needed to be said. I'm particulary glad that these lovely children were here today to hear that speech. Not only was it authentic frontier gibberish, it expressed a courage little seen in this day and age.
Olson Johnson: What are we made of? Our fathers came across the prairies, fought Indians, fought drought, fought locusts, fought Dix... remember when Richard Dix came in here and tried to take over this town? Well, we didn't give up then, and by gum, we're not going to give up now!
Rev. Johnson: Order, order. Goddamnit, I said "order".
Howard Johnson: Y'know, Nietzsche says: "Out of chaos comes order."
Olson Johnson: Oh, blow it out your ass, Howard.
Buddy's Singers: Throw up your hands/Stick out your tush/Hands on your hips/Give 'em a push/You'll be surprised, you're doing the French Mistake/Voila!
Man in Commissary Playing Hitler: They lose me right after the bunker scene.
Taggart: Now what the hell do you think you're doin' with that tin star, boy?
Bart: Watch that "boy" shit, redneck. You talkin' to the sheriff of Rock Ridge.
Taggart: Well, now if that don't beat all. Here we take the good time and trouble to slaughter every last Indian in the West, and for what? So they can appoint a sheriff that's blacker'n any Indian! I am depressed.
Lyle: Excuse me, Mr. Taggart, sir, but I sure do hate to see you like this. What if me and the boys was to shoot that nigger dead? Would that pep you up some?
Taggart: That might help.
Lyle: All right, boys! On the count of three!
Jim: I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Lyle: Don't pay no attention to that alkie. He can't even hold a gun, much less shoot it.
Lyle: Like I said, on the count of three. One... two... three!
Bart: Well, don't just sit there lookin' stupid, graspin' your hands in pain. How 'bout a little...
Bart: ... applause for the Waco Kid?
Governor Lepetomane: What the hell is this?
Hedley Lamarr: This is the bill that will convert the state hospital for the insane into the William J. Le Petomane memorial gambling casino for the insane.
Governor Lepetomane: Gentlemen, this bill will be a giant step forward in the treatment of the insane gambler.
Bart: I don't know what it is.
Van Johnson: Sheriff! Mongo's back! He's...
Van Johnson: Sheriff! Mongo's back! He's breaking up the whole town! You've got to help us, please!
Bart: Did you hear that? Now it's "please". This morning, I couldn't get the time of day. Who is this Mongo, anyway?
Jim: Well, Mongo ain't exactly a "who". He's more of a "what".
Van Johnson: What he said.
Bart: Well, now, I don't know...
Van Johnson: Oh, thank you, Sheriff! Oh, thank you very much! Thank you!
Van Johnson: The fool's going to... I mean, the sheriff's going to do it!
Church Congregation: Now is a time of great decision / Are we to stay or up and quit? / There's no avoiding this conclusion / Our town is turning into shit.
Lili Von Shtupp: Here I stand, the goddess of desire / Set men on fire / I have this power. / Morning, noon, and night, it's dwink and dancing / Some quick womancing / And then a shower. / Stage door Johnnies constantly suwwound me / They always hound me, with one wequest. / Who can satisfy their lustful habits? / I'm not a wabbit. / I need some we...
Lili Von Shtupp: ... est.
Taggart: We'll head them off at the pass!
Hedley Lamarr: Head them off at the pass? I hate that cliché!
Lili Von Shtupp: Willkommen. Bienvenue. Welcome. C'mon in.
Dancer: They hit Buddy! Come on, girls!
Lyle: Hold it! Hold it! Hold it! What the hell is that shit? I meant a song. A real song. something like
Lyle: Swing Low/ Sweet Chaaaariooooot
Lyle: Don't know that one, huh?
Jim: What's a dazzling urbanite like you doing in a rustic setting like this?
Hedley Lamarr: Wait a minute... there might be legal precedent. Of course! Land-snatching!
Hedley Lamarr: Land, land... "Land: see Snatch."
Hedley Lamarr: Ah, Haley vs. United States. Haley: 7, United States: nothing. You see, it can be done!
Bart: Just give me twenty-four hours to come up with a brilliant idea to save our town. Just twenty-four hours, that's all I ask.
Townspeople: No!
Bart: You'd do it for Randolph Scott.
Townspeople: Randolph Scott...
Townspeople: *Randolph Scott!*
Howard Johnson: All right, Sheriff. Twenty-four hours.
Hedley Lamarr: Unfortunately there is one thing standing between me and that property: the rightful owners.
Reporter: Sir, those are dummies.
Governor Lepetomane: How do you think I got elected?
Reverend Johnson: We will now read from Matthew, Mark, Luke...
Reverend Johnson: ... and DUCK.
Indian Chief: They darker than us! Woof!
Buddy Bizarre: Watch me, faggots!
Bart: Work here is done. I'm needed elsewhere now. I'm needed wherever outlaws rule the West, wherever innocent women and children are afraid to walk the streets, wherever a man cannot live in simple dignity, wherever a people cry out for justice.
Crowd: *Bullshit!*
Bart: All right, you caught me. To speak the plain truth, it's getting pretty damn dull around here.
Scared Mexican Man: Mongo! Santa Maria!
Lyle: Now, come on, boys! Where's your spirit? I don't hear no singin'. When you was slaves, you sang like birds. Go on, how 'bout a good ol' nigger work song?
Townsman: Well, that's the end of this suit.
Hedley Lamarr: As per your instructions, I'd like you to meet the new sheriff of Rock Ridge.
Governor Lepetomane: I'd be delighted.
Governor Lepetomane: Wow!
Governor Lepetomane: I gotta talk to you. Come here.
Governor Lepetomane: Have you gone berserk? Can't you see that man is a ni...
Governor Lepetomane: Ha ha... wrong person. Forgive me. No offense intended.
Governor Lepetomane: Have you gone berserk? Can't you see that man is a ni?
Buddy Bizarre: *Wrong!*
Buddy Bizarre: Watch me! It's so simple! Give me the playback! Watch me, faggots!
Buddy Bizarre: Everybody got that?
Buddy Bizarre: Sounds like steam escaping.
Charlie: Bart?
Bart: Yeah?
Charlie: Am I wrong? Or is the world... rising?
Bart: I don't know. But whatever it is, I hate it.
Bart: Hey, Charlie? Let me ask you something: what is it that's not exactly water and it ain't exactly earth?
Charlie, Bart: Quicksand!
Bart: Well, can't you see that's the last act of a desperate man?
Howard Johnson: We don't care if it's the first act of "Henry V," we're leaving!
Hedley Lamarr: Shut up, you Teutonic twat!
Rev. Johnson: Gentlemen, gentlemen, allow not hatred to rule the day.
Rev. Johnson: As your spiritual leader, I implore you to pay heed to this good book and what it has to say!
Rev. Johnson: Son, you're on your own.
Hedley Lamarr: Lili. Lili, Lili, Lili, legs, Lili, Lili... I cannot finds the words to truly express my joy at the rekindling of our association.
Lili Von Shtupp: Bullshit. What's the job?
Hedley Lamarr: I love it when you talk dirty.
Elderly Woman: Have you ever seen such cruelty?
Rev. Johnson: O Lord, do we have the strength to carry off this mighty task in one night? Or are we just jerking off?
Townspeople: Amen.
Hedley Lamarr: For you, my dear.
Lili Von Shtupp: Oh... how ordinawy.
Tourist Mother: Look, Irv. I'm in Hedy Lamarr's shoes.
Hedley Lamarr: HEDLEY.
Hedley Lamarr: Alright, I'm through being Mr. Goodbar, the time has come to act and act quickly.
Hedley Lamarr: Raisinettes!
Bart: ... Step right up, ladies and gentlemen and... Mongos! Dive, dive, dive for buried treasure! This is the exact spot where the Spanish Armada was sunk by the British Navy, leaving millions and millions of Spanish Dubloons at the bottom of the sea!
Mongo: Spanish balloons? Mongo take chance...!
Mongo: ... How Mongo get air?
Bart: From this wonderful antique pump. Good hunting!
Bart: ... Time for my lunch break.
Hedley Lamarr: How did he do such fantastic stunts with such little feet?
Lili Von Shtupp: A wed wose. How womantic.
Lyle: How 'bout some more beans, Mr. Taggart?
Taggart: I'd say you've had enough!
Hedley Lamarr: Well, do your best.
Hedley Lamarr: Ahh!
Governor Lepetomane: We've gotta protect our phoney baloney jobs, gentlemen!
Townspeople: The town saloon was always lively / But never nasty or obscene / Behind the bar stood Anal Johnson / He always kept things nice and clean
Hedley Lamarr: Where's my froggy?
Bart: Well, raise my rent. You *are* The Kid.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": He conquered fear, and he conquered hate, / He turned dark night into day, / He made his blazing saddle / A torch to light the way...
Lili Von Shtupp: Vhy don't you admit it? He's too much of man for you. I know. You're going to need an army to beat him! You're finished. Fertig! Verfallen! Verlumpt! Verblunget! Verkackt!
Governor Lepetomane: Holy underwear! Sheriff murdered! Innocent women and children blown to bits! We have to protect our phoney baloney jobs here, gentlemen! We must do something about this immediately! Immediately! Immediately! Harrumph! Harrumph! Harrumph!
Hedley Lamarr: Yes, of course. It'll work.
Taggart: What'll work?
Hedley Lamarr: Elementary, cactus head.
Bart: Checkmate.
Jim: What?
Bart: Checkmate.
Jim: Why, you devious son of a bitch.
Jim: Happy days.
Olson Johnson: Never mind that shit! Here comes Mongo!
Hedley Lamarr: You dropped your beads.
Hedley Lamarr: One, please. Uhh... student?
Cashier: Are you kidding?
Hedley Lamarr: Pain in the ass!
Bart: Hey, maybe you should eat somethin' first.
Jim: No thanks, food makes me sick.
Lili Von Shtupp: Why don't you... loosen your bullets?
Bart: Maybe you know why a high-roller like Hedley Lamarr is interested in Rock Ridge.
Mongo: Don't know. Got to do with where choo-choo go.
Bart: Mongo, why would Hedley Lamarr care about where the choo-choo goes?
Mongo: Don't know. Mongo only pawn in game of life.
Lyle: Come on, boys! The way you're lollygaggin' around here with them picks and them shovels, you'd think it was a hundert an' twenty degree. Can't be more than a hundert an' fourteen.
Lili Von Shtupp: Let's face it. Evewything below the waist... is kaput!
Bart: Well, don't just stand there looking stupid, grasping your hands in pain. How about a round of applause for The Waco Kid?
Jim: I'd better sit up.
Bart: Need any help?
Jim: Oh... all I can get.
Buddy Bizarre: Action! Oh, wait till I get out! Wait till I get out!
Jim: Oh deary dear. Look what the cat dragged in.
Cashier: Yankee bean soup, coleslaw, and tuna surprise.
Boris: Oh... Not to worry. All are equal in my eye.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": He rode a blazing saddle. / He wore a shining star. / His job to offer battle / To bad men near and far.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": He conquered fear and he conquered hate. / He turned our night into day. / He made his blazing saddle / A torch to light the way.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": When outlaws ruled the West / And fear filled the land / A cry went up for a man with guts / To take the West in hand.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": They needed a man who was brave and true / With justice for all as his aim. / Then out of the sun rode a man with a gun / And Bart was his name, yes Bart was his name.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": He rode a blazing saddle. / He wore a shining star. / His job to offer battle / To bad men near and far.
Singer: "Blazing Saddles": He conquered fear and he conquered hate. / He turned our night into day. / He made his blazing saddle / A torch to light the way.
Bart: I'm the marshal in this here town, and you're nothin' but a big fat ferret.
Bart: Hold it! If you wanna draw on me, put a quarter in the machine.
Bart: Ready? Now draw on the count of three. One, two...
Bart: ... Three.
Bart: Now, I suppose you're all wondering just what in the heck you're doing out here in the middle of a prairie in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night.
Crowd: You bet your ass!
Bart: I'm hip.
Rev. Johnson: Gentlemen, let us not allow anger to rule the day! As your spiritual leader, I implore you to pay heed to this good book and what it has to say!
Rev. Johnson: Son, you're on your own!
Gabby Johnson: Reverend!
Howard Johnson: Think of it, gentlemen. Hoof and mouth disease a thing of the past.
Olson Johnson: Never mind that shit! Here comes Mongo!     