
Addie Loggins: I want my two hundred dollars.
Moses Pray: I don't have your two hundred dollars no more and you know it.
Addie Loggins: If you don't give me my two hundred dollars I'm gonna tell a policeman how you got it and he'll make you give it to me because it's mine.
Moses Pray: But I don't have it!
Addie Loggins: Then get it!
Cafe Waitress: How we doin', Angel Pie? We gonna have a little dessert when we finish up our hot dog?
Addie Loggins: I don't know.
Cafe Waitress: What do you say, Daddy? Why don't we give Precious a little dessert if she eats her dog?
Moses Pray: Her name ain't Precious.
Addie Loggins: Daddy, I need to go to the shithouse.
Moses Pray: Let's go!
Trixie Delight: Hurry up, Doctor. This baby gots to go winky tinky!
Moses Pray: Don't worry.
Moses Pray: Hey!
Moses Pray: Come on, we're ready! Come on, now!
Addie Loggins: I ain't comin'!
Moses Pray: You listen here, child...
Addie Loggins: No, I won't listen here.
Moses Pray: What the heck's up with you then?
Addie Loggins: I wanna sit in front! And how come we ain't workin' no more?
Moses Pray: 'Cause we're on vacation, that's why, and Miss Delight and me are sittin' in front because we are two grown-ups and that's where grown-ups do the sittin'! And little children do not tell grown-ups what to do with their lives, you understand that?
Addie Loggins: Well, she ain't my grown-up and I ain't plannin' no more to sit in the back. Not for no cow!
Moses Pray: Will you keep your voice down? And Miss Delight ain't no cow. She's a proper woman. She has a high school diploma. And right now she's got to go to the bathroom, so you get on down to the car!
Addie Loggins: She always has to go to the bathroom! She must have a bladder the size of a peanut! Well, I ain't gettin' back in that car... not until she gets out of it!
Trixie Delight: Hey, what's up, kiddo? Daddy says you're wearin' a sad face. Ain't good to have a sad face. Hey! Hey! How'd you like a coloring book? Would you like that? You like Mickey the Mouse?
Trixie Delight: Oh, son of a bitch!
Addie Loggins: Imogene, what do you suppose Miss Trixie'd do if somebody offered her $25 to put out.
Imogene: Ooo Wee! You crazy? For that much money, that woman'd drop her pants down in the middle of the road!
Addie Loggins: Why don't you quit?
Imogene: Quit! Now, how am I gonna quit? And what if I do quit, I ain't got no money to get home to Mama. And what if I do get home, they got hard times as it is. My Mama say, "You go work for that white lady, she'll take good care of you."
Imogene: You wanna know what I think?
Addie Loggins: Yeah.
Imogene: You know the little white speck on top of chicken doo-doo?
Addie Loggins: Yeah.
Imogene: Well, that's the kind of white I think miss Trixie is. She's just like that little white speck on top of old chicken shit.
Trixie Delight: You already got bone structure. When I was your age I didn't have no bone structure. Took me years to get bone structure. And don't think bone structure's not important. Nobody started to call me "Mademoiselle" until I was seventeen and getting a little bone structure. When I was your age, I was skinnier than a pole. I never thought I'd have nothin' up here.
Trixie Delight: You're gonna have 'em up there too. Look, I'll tell you what. Want me to show you how to use cosmetics? Look, I'll let you put on my earrings, you're gonna see how pretty you're gonna be. And I'll show you how to make up your eyes. And your lips. And I'll see to it you get a little bra or somethin'. But, right now, you're gonna pick up your little ass up, you're gonna drop it in the back seat, you're gonna cut out the crap! You understand!
Trixie Delight: You're going to ruin it, ain't ya? Look, I don't wanna wipe you out. And I don't want you wipin' me out, you know. So, I'm gonna level with you, okay. Now, you see with me its just a matter of time. I don't know why, but, somehow I just don' t manage to hold on real long. So, if you wait it out a little, it'll be over, you know. I mean, even if I want a fella, somehow I manage to get it screwed up. Maybe I'll get a new pair of shoes, a nice dress, a few laughs. Times are hard. No if you fool around on the hill, up here, then you don't get nothin'. I don't get nothin'. You don't get nothin'. So, how 'bout it, honey? Just for a little while. Let ole Trixie sit up front with her big tits.
Addie Loggins: How come she had to leave that job back there?
Imogene: Cause the boss-man tried to make her put out for his friends, and she don't believe in puttin' out for free!
Addie Loggins: She put out much?
Imogene: Just like a gum machine. You drop some in and she'll put some out.
Addie Loggins: How much she charge?
Imogene: Most she can get. But, she always asks for five dollars.
Moses Pray: I know a woman who looks like a bullfrog but that don't mean she's the damn thing's mother.
Addie Loggins: I want my two hundred dollars!
Addie Loggins: How many times you gonna see it?
Moses Pray: As many times as I like, that's how many times!
Addie Loggins: You've seen it half a dozen already.
Moses Pray: And I might see it half a dozen more! Now why don't you go play bingo or somethin'?
Addie Loggins: I don't wanna play bingo!
Moses Pray: Then why don't you go write another love note to Saint Roosevelt?
Addie Loggins: Maybe I will!
Moses Pray: And stop standing around here checking on me! You don't have to worry. I ain't about to leave some poor little child stranded in the middle of nowhere. I've got scruples too, ya know. You know what that is... scruples?
Addie Loggins: No, I don't know what it is but if you've got 'em, it's a sure bet they belong to somebody else!
Moses Pray: And his name ain't Frank, it's Franklin!
Imogene: I tried to push her out of a window in Little Rock once.
Trixie Delight: I just don't understand it, Daddy, but this little baby has got to go winky tinky all the time.
Moses Pray: Well, don't you worry none. We'll just plan on stoppin' here for dinner.
Addie Loggins: But we just stopped for her to winky tink at lunch!
Moses Pray: That's right and now we're stoppin' for dinner. Come on!
Addie Loggins: I ain't hungry!
Moses Pray: Eat your Coney Island!
The Minister: Judge me, oh Lord, for I have lost in mine integrity. I have trusted also in the Lord, therefore I shall not slide. Examine me, oh Lord, and prove me. Try my reins and my heart, for Thy loving kindness is before mine eyes, and I have walked in Thy truth.
Moses Pray: I told you, I don't want you ridin' with me no more.
Addie Loggins: You still owe me two hundred dollars.
Moses Pray: I want one child's price ticket.
Station Master: That will be 11.45.
Moses Pray: I want you to send this here telegram to Miss Billie Roy Griggs of Cosmo Road, St. Joseph: "Train arriving 9:52 AM and bringing love, affection, and 20 dollars cash." Oh, make that "25 dollars cash", and sign it just "Addie Loggins".
Station Master: 10 words, that will be eighty-five cents more, that will be 12 and 30.
Moses Pray: 12 and 30, huh? You better say in that message there "Love, affection, and 20 dollars cash."
The Minister: If you're driving your chariot to Missouri, sir, you could deliver this child to her kinfolk.
Moses Pray: Well, I wouldn't exactly call it a chariot, Reverend.
Moses Pray: I now owe you one hundred and three dollars and seventy-two cents.
Addie Loggins: Seventy-four.
Moses Pray: Let's see, now, we can veer down to Lucas and we'll veer over to Wilson, veer off to Lorraine and Bushton.
Addie Loggins: We can veer off to Hosington.
Moses Pray: We just have to keep on veering, that's all.
Addie Loggins: Where you from?
Imogene: Nowhere.
Addie Loggins: Well, you gotta be from somewhere.
Imogene: Down by Troy, I guess.
Addie Loggins: She really do all that dancin'?
Imogene: Well, if you want to call it dancin'! All she do is wag her hips and shake her ole behind a little.
Addie Loggins: Say, you know that red headed lady who comes down here named Miss Trixie Delight?
Floyd: Yeah.
Addie Loggins: Well, she thinks you're real cute.
Floyd: Oh yeah, says you and who else?
Addie Loggins: No, honest. She says you're better lookin' than Dick Powell.
Addie Loggins: Maybe you should ask her for a date. That will sure tickle her.
Addie Loggins: Frank D. Roosevelt said we're all feelin' a lot better.
Moses Pray: He did, did he?
Addie Loggins: It made me feel good when he said that. Better than I felt in a long time.
Moses Pray: Bet ole Frank sure does wish you was twenty-one.
Addie Loggins: You don't like me, do ya?
Moses Pray: No, I don't like ya!
Moses Pray: Okay, I want you to remember one thing. I decide on the price. Maybe you don't know French but there's something in this world called finance. Twelve dollars. I never sold no bible for twelve dollars. That man was a law officer. He could have had me put in jail.
Addie Loggins: We got it, didn't we!
Moses Pray: I don't care if we got it. Don't you go makin' the decisions. I make the decisions! All you got to do is look like a pretty little girl. You ain't got somethin' like a ribbon in that cigar box, do ya?
Addie Loggins: I got my Mom's kimono in my suitcase. Chinamen with umbrellas.
Moses Pray: That ain't quite what I had in mind.
Imogene: Mr. Mose, Miss Trixie don't feel so good. She says she gonna stay in bed today. She says she'll see you around supper time.
Moses Pray: She's sick? Sick in bed? I-I better get up there.
Imogene: Oh, she ain't real sick. Ain't nothin' to worry about. She's just havin' lady's time.
Trixie Delight: Say, you're not one of these fellas that goes around babblin' are ya, honey?
Floyd: What do you mean?
Trixie Delight: Well, you know, most of the time I don't mind. But it's important to me, right now, not to get talked about.
Floyd: Hey, now, do I look like that kind of a feller?
Trixie Delight: Now, say, you're a wild one, aren't ya. Hold it. Hold it. Now, wait a minute. You're going to tear it! Now, now, just let me slip it off. Hey, there. Well now, ain't you a show dog. Oo! Ooo!
Addie Loggins: She always has to go to the bathroom. She must have a bladder the size of a peanut.
Moses Pray: I told you, I don't want you ridin' with me no more.
Addie Loggins: You still owe me two hundred dollars.
Addie Loggins: Moze, look!
Moses Pray: Amen, Essie Mae, I just know your ass is still warm.
Moses Pray: I sell the good book, ma'am. Just movin' through the country with the lord's good news.
Moses Pray: Now, don't think that poor child ain't entitled, 'cause she is. Now, I was thinkin' a couple a thousand dollars will be acceptable.
Mr. Robertson: A couple of thou'? I'll give you two hundred.
Moses Pray: Two hundred dollars?
Mr. Robertson: Two hundred dollars.
Moses Pray: It's a deal.
Addie Loggins: You meet my Mama in a barroom?
Moses Pray: Where would you get a question like that?
Addie Loggins: I hear Miss Polly talkin' neighborly and she says one of you is my Pa.
Moses Pray: Well, don't the world have a wild imagination.
Moses Pray: You hungry? You want a Nehi and a coney island?     