
Narrator: All the world will be your enemy, Prince of a Thousand enemies. And when they catch you, they will kill you. But first they must catch you; digger, listener, runner, Prince with the swift warning. Be cunning, and full of tricks, and your people will never be destroyed.
Narrator: Long ago, the great Frith made the world. He made all the stars and the world lived among the stars. Frith made all the animals and birds and, at first, made them all the same. Now, among the animals was El-Ahrairah, the Prince of Rabbits. He had many friends and they all ate grass together. But after a time, the rabbits wandered everywhere, multiplying and eating as they went. Then Frith said to El-Ahrairah, "Prince Rabbit, if you cannot control your people, I shall find ways to control them." But El-Ahrairah would not listen and said to Frith, "My people are the strongest in the world." This angered Frith, so he determined to get the better of El-Ahrairah. He gave a present to every animal and bird, making each one different from the rest. When the fox came and others, like the dog and cat, hawk and weasel, to each of them, Frith gave a fierce desire to hunt and slay the children of El-Ahrairah.
Hazel: My heart has joined the Thousand, for my friend stopped running today.
Black Rabbit: Hazel? You know me, don't you?
Hazel: I don't.
Hazel: Oh, yes, my Lord... I know you.
Black Rabbit: I've come to ask if you would like to join my Owsla. We shall be glad to have you, and I know you'd like it. You've been feeling tired, haven't you? If you're ready, we might go along now.
Black Rabbit: You needn't worry about them. They'll be alright, and thousands like them. If you'll come along, I'll show you what I mean.
Narrator: General Woundwort's body was never found. It could be that he still lives his fierce life somewhere else, but from that day on, mother rabbits would tell their kittens that if they did not do as they were told, the General would get them. Such was Woundwort's monument, and perhaps it would not have displeased him.
Kehaar: You stupid bunnies! You got no mates! Vere are mates?
Kehaar: VERE ARE *CHICKS*?
Kehaar: Perfect landing.
The Cat: Can you run? I think not... I think not.
Kehaar: Go vay! Ving no good, but I walk plenty good!
Kehaar: Ees long way?
General Woundwort: Why throw your life away?
Bigwig: Hraka
Bigwig: ... sir!
General Woundwort: Come out!
Bigwig: My Chief's told me to defend this run.
General Woundwort: YOUR Chief?
Holly: I remember you... you're the one who saw it coming...
Fiver: Violet's gone.
Hazel: Lord Frith, I know you've looked after us well, and it's wrong to ask even more of you. But my people are in terrible danger, and so I would like to make a bargain with you. My life in return for theirs.
Frith: There is not a day or night that a doe offers her life for her kittens, or some honest captain of Owsla, his life for his chief. But there is no bargain: what is, is what must be.
Fiver: Look. Look. That's the place for us. High, lonely hills, where the wind and the sound carry, and the ground's as dry as straw in a barn. That's where we ought to be. That's where we have to get to.
Blackberry: Men have always hated us.
Holly: No. They just destroyed the warren because we were in their way.
Fiver: They'll never rest until they've spoiled the earth.
Bigwig: Hazel? It is Hazel, isn't it?
Hazel: It is.
Bigwig: What are you doing here?
Hazel: We want to see the chief rabbit, Bigwig.
Bigwig: We? You mean he wants to see him too?
Hazel: Yes.
Fiver: I must.
Bigwig: What on earth for?
Fiver: Well, I...
Holly: Bigwig? What do they want?
Bigwig: They want to see the chief rabbit.
Holly: What for?
Fiver: Well, I...
Holly: Send them away.
Bigwig: I'll take care of it, Holly.
Hazel: Look, Bigwig, when have I EVER asked to see the chief rabbit?
Bigwig: All right, all right. Wait here.
Bigwig: Come along then. Though I'll probably get my ears chewed off for this...
Hazel: You look hungry! Rats getting too clever, I suppose?
Bigwig: Hyzenthlay.
Hyzenthlay: Sir?
Bigwig: I'd like to talk with you.
Hyzenthlay: I'm in the mark and under your orders, sir.
Bigwig: Do you remember a pale grey rabbit called Holly you helped escape some while ago?
Hyzenthlay: You've made a mistake, sir.
Bigwig: Listen, Hyzenthlay. Listen carefully. I'm from a warren where life is free. Where you can do is as you wish. I've come to bring you all out of Efrafra.
Hyzenthlay: You might be a spy sent by the council.
Bigwig: You know I'm not. Will you join us? And persuade your friends as well, trust me. My friends are not far away.
Hyzenthlay: My courage, my... spirit is so much less than it was.
Bigwig: We can escape Efrafra. Believe me.
Hyzenthlay: Yes... I think I do.
General Woundwort: Come back! Come back, you fools!
Campion: Run!
General Woundwort: Come back! Come back and fight! Dogs aren't dangerous!
Blackberry: You're beginning to sound like a chief, Hazel. 'Hazel-rah'.
Bigwig: Hazel-rah? That'll be the day I call him chief, that will.
Kehaar: Perfect landing!
Fiver: You pay for it! The food, the warren... but no one must ever ask where anyone was or speak of the wires! The whole place is snared! Everywhere, every day!
Dandelion: If we meet again, Hazel-rah, we'll have the making of the best story ever!
Hazel: And you'll be the one to tell it!
Fiver: Hazel, look... the field... it's covered with blood!
Black Rabbit: Hazel... Hazel... you know me, don't you?
Hazel: I don't know.
Hazel: Yes, my lord. I know you.
Black Rabbit: I've come to ask if you'd like to join my Owsla. We shall be glad to have you, and I know you'd like it. You've been feeling tired, haven't you? If you're ready, we might go along now.
Black Rabbit: You needn't worry about them. They'll be all right, and thousands like them. If you come along now, I'll show you what I mean.
Hazel: Where are you going?
Fiver: Away, to the hills.
Hazel: By yourself, alone? You'll die!
Fiver: You're closer to death than I am.
Blackberry: Fiver, there's been some trouble. Hazel's been shot.
Fiver: No.
Blackberry: The Black Rabbit serves Lord Frith, but he does no more than his appointed task.
Fiver: Hazel's not dead.
Campion: Run! Run for your lives! Run!
Hazel: Lord Frith, I know you've looked after us well and it's wrong to ask even more of you, but my people are in terrible danger! So I would like to make a bargain with you... my life in return for theirs.
Frith: There is not a day or night that a doe offers her life for her kittens or some honest captain of Owsla his life for his Chief, but there is no bargain. What is is what must be.
General Woundwort: Your name?
Hyzenthlay: Hyzenthlay, sir.
General Woundwort: I'll be frank with you. You're safe here. Well get on with it!
Hyzenthlay: Sir, several of us propose an expedition for a new warren. Somewhere else.
General Woundwort: A new warren? Out of the question!
Hyzenthlay: But you don't understand. The system is breaking down.
General Woundwort: Explain that.
Hyzenthlay: Some of us can't produce litters, we're overcrowded.
General Woundwort: I want no further discussion about it.
Hyzenthlay: We'll go as far as you like!
General Woundwort: Here or anywhere else!
Hyzenthlay: I...
Hyzenthlay: Thank you, sir.
General Woundwort: Campion, have her watched.
Violet: It had just killed. I saw blood on it's lips.
Dandelion: Lucky for us it had, otherwise it might have been quicker!
Bigwig: I'm in a mist! Everything's bad! Oh, I've got a funny feeling in my toe! *Hraka*!
Dandelion: O Frith on the hills! He made it all for us!
Hazel: Frith may have made it, but Fiver found it.
General Woundwort: Bigwig, you traitorous...!
General Woundwort: Captain, get this miserable group back to their marks. I'll settle you myself, Bigwig. There's no need to take you back.
Bigwig: Come and try, you cracked-brain slave driver!
Bigwig: I told you once that I was trying to impress you... I hope I have.
General Woundwort: And I told you I would kill you myself! There's no white bird here, Bigwig!
Fiver: There's something very queer about the warren this evening...
Hazel: Is it dangerous?
Fiver: It's not exactly danger, it's... oh, I don't know. Something oppressive... like thunder.
Bigwig: Aren't you going to silflay?
Blackavar: I don't silflay at this time, sir.
Sherbil: Tell him why you're here, Blackavar.
Blackavar: I've come here for the mark...
Blackavar: I... I... I've come here for the mark to see me. I... I've been punished for trying to leave the warren.
Blackavar: The council were merciful...
Blackavar: The council were merciful.
Sherbil: He keeps trying to run away. Captain Campion caught him this time. The council ripped his ears and says he has to show himself every morning early silflay as an example to the others. If you ask me, he won't last much longer. He'll meet a blacker rabbit than himself one of these nights.
Fiver: So cold... so very cold...
Bigwig: Listen carfeully.
Kehaar: YAH!
Bigwig: Shhhh!
Bigwig: There's a dog loose in the woods!
Silver: Oh, that does it!
Hazel: Are you hurt?
Kehaar: Kaah kaah!
Hazel: If he's hurt, maybe we ought to help him.
Bigwig: A bird? What for?
Hazel: We - help - you.
Kehaar: Piss off!
Hyzenthlay: Sometimes I can tell when things are true. Sometimes... I can see it... The high down with trees, and...
Hyzenthlay: I've become foolish.
Bigwig: You'll have to meet this friend of mine. He talks just like that.
Hazel: We'll fill in the holes good and deep. They'll have to dig us out, and they can't stay out in the open for long without attracting elil.
Blackavar: You don't know the Efrafans. They'll never give up.
Bigwig: Come on! What d'you think will happen when he picks up our scent? Those that can swim swim. The others... will have to make out the best they can.
Hazel: That's not good enough! We all got into this together, we'll all get out of it together!
Pipkin: What's happening back home, I wonder? Think, when we lived in our own burrows? Dry, soft, warm bodies...
Dandelion: Look, we can't go on like this.
Silver: It keeps getting worse and worse wherever we go. Where ARE we going?
Hazel: It won't be much longer, then we can all rest.
Silver: How MUCH longer?
Pipkin: We never should have left.
Blackberry: Suppose Fiver's all wrong?
Pipkin: We want to go back and find out.
Hazel: Go back? After all we've been through?
Bigwig: And probably get killed for wounding Captain Holly? An Owsla officer? Talk sense, for Frith's sake!
General Woundwort: Get away, you damn white bird!
Campion: The new officer, sir! He's gone!
General Woundwort: Bigwig?
Campion: He's wounded Chervil, taken a crowd of the mark with him.
General Woundwort: Embleer Frith! I'll blind him. *I'LL BLIND HIM!*
Hazel: Bigwig! Listen, you're in a snare! A snare! And what did they tell you in Owsla? Think!
Bigwig: No good biting wire...
Hazel: Rabbits will always need tricks!
Kehaar: Vat home? Dis home? Where are mates? Where are chicks? Mate make eggs. Me sit on eggs, hatch eggs, many eggs. Ve feed chick. Egg robbers come, we fight! YARK, YARK!
Hazel: Go... now... or we'll kill you!
Holly: It's you who'll be killed!
Campion: Bigwig! Biiigwig! What was that all about?     