
Francine Parker: They're still here.
Stephen: They're after us. They know we're still in here.
Peter: They're after the place. They don't know why; they just remember. Remember that they want to be in here.
Francine Parker: What the hell are they?
Peter: They're us, that's all, when there's no more room in hell.
Stephen: What?
Peter: Something my granddad used to tell us. You know Macumba? Vodou. My granddad was a priest in Trinidad. He used to tell us, "When there's no more room in hell, the dead will walk the Earth."
Dr. Foster: Every dead body that is not exterminated becomes one of them. It gets up and kills! The people it kills get up and kill!
Francine Parker: What are they doing? Why do they come here?
Stephen: Some kind of instinct. Memory of what they used to do. This was an important place in their lives.
Old Priest: Many have died, last week, on these streets. In the basement of this building, you will find them. I have given them the last rites. Now, you do what you will. You are stronger than us. But soon, I think they be stronger than you. When the dead walk, señores, we must stop the killing... or lose the war.
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: The normal question, the first question is always, are these cannibals? No, they are not cannibals. Cannibalism in the true sense of the word implies an intrapecies activity. These creatures cannot be considered human. They prey on humans. They do not prey on each other - that's the difference. They attack and they feed only on warm human flesh. Intelligence? Seemingly little or no reasoning power, but basic skills remain and more remembered behaviors from normal life. There are reports of these creatures using tools. But even these actions are the most primitive - the use of external articles as bludgeons and so forth. I might point out to you that even animals will adopt the basic use of tools in this manner. These creatures are nothing but pure, motorized instinct. We must not be lulled by the concept that these are our family members or our friends. They are not. They will not respond to such emotions.
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: They must be destroyed on sight!
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: They use... consume maybe 5% of the food available in the human body. With that small amount, the body is usual intact enough to be mobile when it revives.
TV Commentator: What are you saying? Are you saying...
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: It is worth saving? Is a bite victim worth saving? For all I know, it's the brains that are already dead. It's the idiots that are still alive.
TV Commentator: You can't help us deal with your calm illogical ways...
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: Illogical hell! I'm showing you a way we can up the food supply 20 times.
TV Commentator: Food supply for who?
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: For a whole specimen that is walking around out there in increasing numbers, we should...
TV Commentator: Are you saying we should FEED them? The bite victims...
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: What else are you going to do with them? Give me an alternative.
TV Commentator: You scientists are supposed to come up with a way of solving this problem rather than feeding the opposition? It doesn't make any sense.
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: Well, I can think of another alternative. Since these things seem to congregate in heavily populated areas and since we have not touched upon any of our nuclear resources... why don't we drop bombs on all the big cities?
TV Commentator: You're not serious?
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: I am deadly serious! What are the choices? They won't run out of food, that's the problem you see. And they won't run out of food as long as we're still alive.
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: This isn't the Republicans versus the Democrats, where we're in a hole economically or... or we're in another war. This is more crucial than that. This is down to the line, folks, this is down to the line. There can be no more divisions among the living!
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: Dummies! Dummies! Dummies!
Wooley: How the hell come we stick these low-life bastards in these big-ass hotels, anyway? Shit, man! This is better than I got!
Roger: Hey, too tall, too slow, two, come back!
Peter: You look my size when you're sitting in a truck.
Roger: What I want to know is how we got to be in the same force with you being so large and all?
Peter: Well, they told me it was a midget force, and they needed somebody to look up to. Hey, where's Flyboy? What's his twenty?
Roger: He's probably up on the roof... with Flygirl!
Roger: Hey, man, we can't carry all this shit.
Roger: Oh, I see, we're just gonna wheel right by 'em, right?
Peter: We're gonna try, brother. We ain't doin' this for the exercise, so we might as well try to get what we can.
Roger: No way this is gonna happen.
Radio Announcer: The President today has sent to Congress a package of initiatives, aimed at what sources call a most sweeping sense of emergency measures.
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: We must think logically. We must deal with his crisis logically, with calm and unemotional response! We have to remain rational. We have to remain logical.
TV Commentator: Scientists like you always think that way. That's not how people think. We just cannot abandon our moral code to...
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: We've got to! We've got to remain logical. There's no choice. It has to be that. It's that or the end.
Roger: Whad'ya think? Bag it or try for it?
Peter: You game?
Roger: I need lighter fluid.
Peter: You got it.
Dr. Foster: They kill for one reason: they kill for food. They eat their victims, you understand that, Mr. Berman? That's what keeps them going!
3rd SWAT Cop in Projects Apt.: Shoot it, man! Shoot it in the head!
Stephen: We've got to survive! Somebody's got to survive!
Roger: Jesus, it's everywhere.
Peter: How much fuel do we have?
Francine Parker: Not much.
Peter: All right.
Roger: Why did these people keep them here?
Peter: 'Cause they still believe there's respect in dying.
TV Director: Roll the rescue stations!
TV Producer: We just got a report that half those stations have been knocked out.
TV Director: Then get me another list.
TV Producer: Sure, I'll just pull one out of my ass, right?
Roger: You'll take care of me when I go, won't you, Peter?
Peter: Just rest, man. Save your strength.
Roger: I don't want to be walkin' around... like THAT!... Peter... PETER?
Peter: I'm here, man!
Roger: Don't do it until you are sure I *am* coming back! I'm gonna try... not to... I'm gonna try... not to... come back. I'm gonna try... not to...
Peter: Ain't it a crime.
Stephen: What?
Peter: The only person who could miss with this gun is the sucker with the bread to buy it.
Motorcycle Raider (radio operator): O.K. Hey, you, in the mall, listen! We don't like people who don't share. You just fucked up REAL bad!
Roger: One-stop shopping: everything you need, right at your fingertips.
Stephen: We've got to find more fuel. Maybe closer to Cleveland.
Roger: No. We've got to stay out of the big cities. If they're anything like Philly, we may never get out alive.
Peter: We may never get out of any place alive. We almost didn't get out of here.
Roger: We're getting out of here fine. As long as there's not too many of those things around, we can handle them easy.
Peter: Yeah, well it wasn't one of those things that nearly blew me away.
Roger: We gotta stay in the sticks! There's bound to be more of those little private airports upstate.
Stephen: There's the locks along the Allgheny. There's several fuel-pumping stations there, state- and private-owned.
Roger: No, those are probably still manned. We don't need those hassles either.
Stephen: They're just out after scavengers and looters.
Peter: Oh, you got papers for this limousine?
Stephen: I've got GON I.D., and so does Fran.
Peter: Right, and we're up here doing traffic reports! Wake up, sucker! We're thieves and we're bad guys. That's exactly what we are. We gotta find our own way.
Roger: Bastards, you bastards! We got 'em, didn't we? We got this, man! We got this by the ass!
Peter: Roger, get your head together, we got a lot of work to do.
Roger: Number two.
Peter: You all right?
Roger: Perfect, baby. Perfect.
Old Priest: Señores, please to let me pass.
Roger: Let's get him to the med unit.
Old Priest: No, no, please. Just let me pass. I go up to seventh floor to find my sister; just let me pass. The people of 107 will do what you wish now.
Peter: I've seen half-a-dozen guys in my unit get bitten by those things. None of them lasted more than... three days.
Officer at Police Dock: What are you doing here?
Stephen: We're with GON.
Officer at Police Dock: About a minute and a half on the car.
Stephen: Now, wait a minute. We're just here to refuel. Those men were already dead. Now you were here, you know that.
Officer at Police Dock: GON Traffic Watch. Steve Andrews.
Stephen: That's me, I'm Steve Andrews.
Officer at Police Dock: Yeah, no shit.
Roger: What's the problem, officer?
Officer at Police Dock: We caught your friends here stealing company gasoline.
Roger: What do you mean, friends?
Stephen: They know, Rog. They're running too.
Officer at Police Dock: Now it would be crazy to start shooting at each other.
Roger: It sure would.
Francine Parker: Stephen, I'm afraid. You're hypnotized by this place. All of you! You don't see that it's not a sanctuary, it's a prison! Let's just take what we need and get out of here!
Stephen: Do you have any idea how many times we would have to land to refuel on our way up north to Canada? Those things are everywhere! The authorities would give us just as hard a time, maybe worse. Fran, we have everything we need right here. Besides, you always wanted to play house, remember?
Roger: Peter, where are you?
Peter: I'm right here, man.
Roger: Hey, we did it, didn't we? We whipped 'em, didn't we?
Peter: That's right, man.
Roger: Didn't we... Didn't we whip 'em?
Peter: We sure did, buddy.
Roger: We whipped 'em and we got it ALL!
Roger: Man, a lot of people are running... I could run... I could run, tonight. A friend of mine, he's got this helicopter. He does traffic reports for GON. He asked me to come with him. Do you think it's right to run?
Stephen: What the hell is it?
Roger: It looks like a shopping center, one of those big, indoor malls
Francine Parker: Rescue stations.
Charlie Parker - WGON-TV Typist who hands out notes to Francine: Half of those are inoperative as of now.
Francine Parker: Charlie, these are rescue stations. We can't send people to inoperative rescue stations.
Charlie Parker - WGON-TV Typist who hands out notes to Francine: We've had old information on the air for the last twelve hours.
Roger: It's Christmastime down there, buddy!
Peter: Fat city, brother! How we gonna work it?
Roger: If we can get into one of the department stores up top, they'll have their own escalators inside.
Peter: Let's go check those keys.
Blades: Say goodbye, creep!
Francine Parker: It's really all over... isn't it?
Dr. Foster: You're not running a talk show here, Mr. Berman! You can forget pitching an audience the moral bullshit they want to hear!
Officer at Police Dock: Hey! Ya got any cigarettes?
Roger: Any of you guys got cigarettes?
Roger: No, I'm sorry.
Stephen: Where you headed?
Officer at Police Dock: Down river. We got an idea maybe we can make it to the island!
Stephen: What Island?
Officer at Police Dock: Any island. What about you? Where are you headed?
Stephen: Straight up.
Woman at WGON: I'm still dreaming.
Francine Parker: No, you're not.
Timmy's Friend: Hey, man, what the hell you gonna watch on that thing?
Timmy - Biker Holding TV Set: Man, I don't know, man.
Roger: Come on, Martinez.
Wooley: Yeah, Martinez! Show your greasy little Puerto Rican ass so I can blow it right off!
Wooley: Blow ALL their asses off! Low-life bastards! Blow ALL their low-life little Puerto Rican and Nigger asses right off!
Blades: I *see* you, chocolate man!
Recorded shopping announcement: Attention all shoppers. If you have a sweet tooth, we have a special treat for you. If your purchases in the next half hour amount to five dollars or more, we'll give you a bag of hard candy free! For the kiddies, or enjoy yourself. So hurry and do your shopping!
Francine Parker: Spam!
Roger: You bring a can opener?
Francine Parker: No, I guess I didn't
Roger: Then don't knock it, it's got it's own key.
Dr. Foster: This situation must be controlled before it's too late. They're multiplying too rapidly!
Mr. Berman: People aren't willing to accept your solutions, doctor, and I for one don't blame them!
WGON-TV Cameraman: Go ahead and leave. We'll be off the air by midnight; the emergency networks are taking over. Our responsibility is finished.
Rico, 2nd Bandit on Apartment Rooftop: Jesus Christ, there's a thousand pigs!
Roger: Hold it!
Roger: Don't go out there!
Peter: We're gonna have a hell of a time getting back.
Roger: We've just got to wait a little longer before we move.
Peter: No, there's always a chance of some of them staying up on the balcony.
Roger: We can handle that. We can break right through them.
Peter: If any of them see us or hear us, they'll just follow us on up. It's no good.
Roger: We sure as hell can outrun 'em. We can load up with what we've got and get the hell out of here.
Peter: I've been thinking... maybe we've got a good thing going here. Maybe we shouldn't be in such a hurry to leave.
Roger: Oh, man.
Peter: If we could get back up there without them catching on, we could hole up for a while, at least long enough to catch a breath, check out the radio, see what's happening.
Stephen: There's some kind of passageway over the top the stores. I don't know if it's just heating ducts or some kind of access. I saw it on the map.
Peter: Upstairs. Let's go.
Peter: Get its head up. Get its head up. Roger, get its head up, man!
Wooley: Come on, you dumb bastards, come and get 'em!
Peter: You ain't just in here by yourself, boy!
Peter: You was in Wooley's unit, wasn't you?
Roger: I didn't see nothing. I didn't see how he died.
Stephen: Hello, HQ, this is Police Dock. Operator dead, post abandoned.
Stephen: We're still pretty close to Johnstown. Those rednecks are probably enjoying this whole thing.
Officer in Apartment Project: Wooley's gone ape-shit, man!
Roger: Well, we're in, but how the hell are we gonna get back?
Peter: Who the hell cares! Let's go shopping!
Roger: Watches! Watches!
Peter: Wait a minute, man. Let's just get the stuff we need. I'll get a television and a radio.
Roger: Ooohh, ooohh, lighter fluid! And chocolate. Chocolate!
Roger: Hey, how about a mink coat?
Roger: Aww, God! Oh, Jesus Christ!
Peter: What is it?
Roger: My bag! I left my goddamn bag in the other truck!
Peter: All right, trooper, you better screw your head on.
Roger: Yeah, yeah, yeah; c'mon, c'mon c'mon, let's go!
Peter: I mean it! Now you're not just playin' with your life, you're playin' with mine! Now... are you straight?
Roger: Yeah.
Roger: You better get some sleep, too.
Peter: I been thinkin'. There's an awful lot of stuff down there that we could use.
Roger: I know it.
Peter: It's a big place, but they're pretty spread out down there. I think we can outrun 'em.
Roger: Hit and run?
Peter: Hit and run.
Francine Parker: You're crazy!
Roger: This place could be a gold mine. We've got to at least check it out.
Peter: You never point a gun at anyone, mister. Scary, isn't it? Isn't it?
Stephen: How many do you figure are already in?
Peter: Not too many. We'll get it all locked up, and then we're going on a hunt.
Peter: Just three of them, huh?
Stephen: Holy shit!
Peter: They'll get in. They'll move the trucks.
Stephen: There's hundreds of those creatures down there.
Peter: Come on, man, that's a professional army. Looks like they've been surviving on the road all through this thing. Well, let's not make it easy for them.
Peter: This place is gonna be rotten. We've got to clean it up, brother.
Peter: She looks sick.
Roger: Come on, wouldn't you be?
Peter: No, man, I mean she really looks ill.
Stephen: She's pregnant.
Roger: Hey, maybe we should get moving.
Peter: We can handle it.
Roger: Yeah, but what if she needs a doctor...?
Peter: We can handle it! It doesn't change a thing.
Peter: Do you want to get rid of it?
Stephen: *What*?
Peter: Do you want to abort it? It's not too late, and I know how.
Peter: Somebody better sit watch all the time.
Roger: They'll never get through there.
Peter: Enough of them will. And it's not just those things we have to worry about. That chopper up there could give us away if somebody comes messin' around.
Roger: And what are they gonna do? Land another pilot to fly it out? They're not gonna mess with a little bird like that, they've got enough on their hands.
Peter: Go on, get out of here.
Francine Parker: Peter...
Peter: I said get out of here.
Francine Parker: Jesus Christ, Peter...
Peter: I don't want to go. I really don't.
TV Director: Get that guy off the air!
Camera man: What the hell's going on?
Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist: If there was ever a time a decision had to be made, it's now, now! Someone's got to come up with a plan!     