
Brody: You're gonna need a bigger boat.
Brody: What's that one?
Quint: What?
Brody: That one, there, on your arm.
Quint: Oh, uh, that's a tattoo, I got that removed.
Hooper: Don't tell me, don't tell me..."Mother."
Hooper: What is it...
Quint: Mr. Hooper, that's the USS Indianapolis.
Hooper: You were on the Indianapolis?
Brody: What happened?
Quint: Japanese submarine slammed two torpedoes into our side, Chief. We was comin' back from the island of Tinian to Leyte, just delivered the bomb. The Hiroshima bomb. Eleven hundred men went into the water. Vessel went down in twelve minutes. Didn't see the first shark for about a half an hour. Tiger. Thirteen-footer. You know how you know that when you're in the water, Chief? You tell by lookin' from the dorsal to the tail. What we didn't know... was our bomb mission had been so secret, no distress signal had been sent. Heh.
Quint: They didn't even list us overdue for a week. Very first light, Chief, sharks come cruisin'. So we formed ourselves into tight groups. Y'know, it's... kinda like ol' squares in a battle like, uh, you see in a calendar, like the Battle of Waterloo, and the idea was, shark comes to the nearest man and that man, he'd start poundin' and hollerin' and screamin', and sometimes the shark'd go away... sometimes he wouldn't go away. Sometimes that shark, he looks right into ya. Right into your eyes. Y'know the thing about a shark, he's got... lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eyes. When he comes at ya, doesn't seem to be livin'... until he bites ya. And those black eyes roll over white, and then... oh, then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin', the ocean turns red, and spite of all the poundin' and the hollerin', they all come in and they... rip you to pieces.
Quint: Y'know, by the end of that first dawn... lost a hundred men. I dunno how many sharks. Maybe a thousand. I dunno how many men, they averaged six an hour. On Thursday mornin', Chief, I bumped into a friend of mine, Herbie Robinson from Cleveland- baseball player, boatswain's mate. I thought he was asleep, reached over to wake him up... bobbed up and down in the water just like a kinda top. Upended. Well... he'd been bitten in half below the waist. Noon the fifth day, Mr. Hooper, a Lockheed Ventura saw us, he swung in low and he saw us. Young pilot, a lot younger than Mr. Hooper. Anyway, he saw us and come in low and three hours later, a big fat PBY comes down and start to pick us up. Y'know, that was the time I was most frightened, waitin' for my turn. I'll never put on a life jacket again. So, eleven hundred men went into the water, three hundred sixteen men come out, and the sharks took the rest, June the 29th, 1945.
Quint: Anyway... we delivered the bomb.
Brody: Smile, you son of a BITCH!
Brody: That's some bad hat, Harry.
Brody: What day is this?
Hooper: It's Wednesday... eh, it's Tuesday, I think.
Brody: Think the tide's with us?
Hooper: Keep kicking.
Brody: I used to hate the water...
Hooper: I can't imagine why.
Ellen Brody: Martin hates boats. Martin hates water. Martin... Martin sits in his car when we go on the ferry to the mainland. I guess it's a childhood thing. It's a... there's a clinical name for it isn't there?
Brody: Drowning.
Quint: Y'all know me. Know how I earn a livin'. I'll catch this bird for you, but it ain't gonna be easy. Bad fish. Not like going down the pond chasin' bluegills and tommycods. This shark, swallow you whole. Little shakin', little tenderizin', an' down you go. And we gotta do it quick, that'll bring back your tourists, put all your businesses on a payin' basis. But it's not gonna be pleasant. I value my neck a lot more than three thousand bucks, chief. I'll find him for three, but I'll catch him, and kill him, for ten. But you've gotta make up your minds. If you want to stay alive, then ante up. If you want to play it cheap, be on welfare the whole winter. I don't want no volunteers, I don't want no mates, there's just too many captains on this island. $10,000 for me by myself. For that you get the head, the tail, the whole damn thing.
Quint: What are you? Some kind of half-assed astronaut?
Quint: Jesus H Christ, when I was a boy, every little squirt wanted to be a harpooner or a sword fisherman. What d'ya have there - a portable shower or a monkey cage?
Hooper: Anti-Shark cage.
Quint: Anti-shark cage. You go inside the cage?
Quint: Cage goes in the water, you go in the water. Shark's in the water. Our shark.
Quint: Farewell and adieu to you, fair Spanish ladies. Farewell and adieu, you ladies of Spain. For we've received orders for to sail back to Boston. And so nevermore shall we see you again.
Quint: Here's to swimmin' with bow-legged women.
Quint: Here lies the body of Mary Lee; died at the age of a hundred and three. For fifteen years she kept her virginity; not a bad record for this vicinity.
Brody: "Slow ahead." I can go slow ahead. Come on down here and chum some of this shit.
Hooper: I'm not going to waste my time arguing with a man who's lining up to be a hot lunch.
Mrs. Kintner: Chief Brody?
Brody: Yes?
Mrs. Kintner: I just found out, that a girl got killed here last week, and you knew it! You knew there was a shark out there! You knew it was dangerous! But you let people go swimming anyway? You knew all those things! But still my boy is dead now. And there's nothing you can do about it. My boy is dead. I wanted you to know that.
Mayor Vaughn: I'm sorry, Martin. She's wrong.
Brody: No, she's not.
Hooper: That's a twenty footer.
Quint: Twenty-five. Three tons of him.
Hooper: This was no boat accident.
Quint: Farewell and adieu to you fair Spanish ladies. Farewell and adieu to you ladies of Spain. For we've received orders for to sail back to Boston. And so never more shall we see you again.
Brody: It doesn't make any sense when you pay a guy like you to watch sharks.
Hooper: Well, uh, it doesn't make much sense for a guy who hates the water to live on an island either.
Brody: It's only an island if you look at it from the water.
Hooper: That makes a lot of sense.
Mayor Vaughn: Fellows, let's be reasonable, huh? This is not the time or the place to perform some kind of a half-assed autopsy on a fish... And I'm not going to stand here and see that thing cut open and see that little Kintner boy spill out all over the dock.
Hooper: The height and weight of the victim can only be estimated from the partial remains...
Hooper: The torso has been severed in mid-thorax; there are no major organs remaining... May I have a glass of water, please?
Medical Examiner: Sure.
Hooper: Right arm has been severed above the elbow with massive tissue loss in the upper musculature.
Hooper: Thank you very much.
Hooper: Partially denuded bone remaining...
Hooper: This was no boating accident.
Hooper: Did you notify the Coast Guard about this?
Brody: No. It was only local jurisdiction.
Hooper: The left arm, head, shoulders, sternum and portions of the rib cage are intact...
Hooper: Do not smoke in here, thank you very much!
Hooper: This is what happens. It indicates the non-frenzied feeding of a large squalus - possibly Longimanus or Isurus glauca. Now the enormous amount of tissue loss prevents any detailed analysis; however the attacking squalus must be considerably larger than any normal squalus found in these waters.
Hooper: Didn't you get on a boat and check out these waters?
Brody: No.
Hooper: Well, this is not a boat accident! It wasn't any propeller, it wasn't any coral reef, and it wasn't Jack the Ripper!
Hooper: It was a shark.
Brody: Is it true that most people get attacked by sharks in three feet of water about ten feet from the beach?
Hooper: Yeah.
Brody: And that... and that before people started to swim for recreation - I mean before sharks knew what they were missing - that a lot of these attacks weren't reported?
Hooper: That's right.
Brody: Now this shark that... that... that swims alone...
Hooper: Rogue.
Brody: What's it called?
Hooper, Brody: Rogue.
Brody: Rogue, yeah. Now this guy, he... he keeps swimmin' around in a place where the feeding is good until the food supply is gone, right?
Hooper: It's called "territoriality". It's just a theory that I happen to... agree with.
Brody: Then why don't we have one more drink and go down and cut that shark open?
Ellen Brody: Martin? Can you do that?
Brody: I can do anything; I'm the chief of police.
Hooper: Ha, ha - they're all gonna die.
Hooper: Boys, oh boys... I think he's come back for his noon feeding.
Hooper: Show me the way to go home / I'm tired and I want to go to bed...
Hooper, Quint, Brody: I had a little drink about an hour ago and it got right to my head / Wherever I may roam / by land or sea or foam...
Ellen Brody: Martin, it's his birthday tomorrow!
Brody: I don't want him on the ocean!
Ellen Brody: He's not on the ocean, he is in a boat! He's not gonna go in the water! I don't think he'll ever go in the water again after what happened yesterday.
Brody: All right, now don't say that. I don't want that to happen, you know that. But I want him to read the boating regulations, the rules, y'know, before he goes out on his own.
Ellen Brody: Michael! Did you hear your father? Out of the water now! NOW!
Mayor Vaughn: Martin, it's all psychological. You yell barracuda, everybody says, "Huh? What?" You yell shark, we've got a panic on our hands on the Fourth of July.
Quint: Back home we got a taxidermy man. He gonna have a heart attack when he see what I brung him.
Hooper: It may be a marlin or a stingray... but it's definitely a game fish.
Quint: Gamin' fish, eh? Marlin? Stingray? Bit through this piano wire? Don't you tell me my business again! You get back on the bridge...
Hooper: Quint, that doesn't prove a damn thing!
Quint: Well it proves one thing, Mr. Hooper. It proves that you wealthy college boys don't have the education enough to admit when you're wrong.
Brody: What's the point? Hooks and lines...
Quint: Hooper! 12 minutes south south east now, full throttle!
Hooper: Aye, aye, sir! AYE JIMBOY ARAGHHH!
Quint: See what I do, Chief, is I trick 'em to the surface. And I jab at 'em. I'm not gonna haul 'em up like a lot of catfish.
Quint: Hooper, full throttle!
Hooper: I don't have to take this abuse much longer!
Quint: Hooper, what exactly can you do with these things of yours?
Hooper: Well, I think I can pump 20 cc's of strychnine nitrate into him, if I can get close enough.
Quint: Can you get this little needle through his skin?
Hooper: No, I can't do that. But if I can get him close enough to this cage, I think that I can get him in the mouth or the eye...
Brody: That shark will rip that cage to pieces!
Hooper: YOU GOT ANY BETTER SUGGESTIONS?
Ben Gardner: When we get them silly bastards down in that rock pile, it'll be some fun, they'll wish their fathers had never met their mothers. When they start takin' their bottoms out and slamming into them rocks, boy! Get away from there, ya goddamn fool, you! What's the matter with you? You wanna swamp us, ya crazy son of a bitch?
Hooper: Come on Martin! Move, move, move!
Brody: I'm not going out there!
Hooper: Beyond the edge of the barrels, go to the end of the barrels! Further out!
Brody: What?
Hooper: Further out!
Brody: Why?
Hooper: Go further out!
Brody: What for?
Hooper: Will you go to the end of the pulpit, please?
Brody: What?
Hooper: Will you just please go to the end of the pulpit!
Brody: What for?
Hooper: I need to have something in the foreground to give it some scale.
Brody: Foreground, my ass!
Mayor Vaughn: Any special questions?
Denherder: Uh, is that $3000 bounty on the shark in cash or check?
Mrs. Taft: I don't think that's funny. I don't think that's funny at all, I'm sorry.
Brody: On the water?
Hooper: Well, if we're looking for a shark we're not gonna find him on the land.
Ellen Brody: What am I going to tell the kids?
Brody: Tell them I'm going fishing.
Mayor Vaughn: I don't think either of one you are familiar with our problems.
Hooper: I think that I am familiar with the fact that you are going to ignore this particular problem until it swims up and BITES YOU ON THE ASS!
Hooper: Mary Ellen Moffat. She broke my heart.
Hooper: Mr. Vaughn, what we are dealing with here is a perfect engine, an eating machine. It's really a miracle of evolution. All this machine does is swim and eat and make little sharks, and that's all. Now, why don't you take a long, close look at this sign.
Hooper: Those proportions are correct.
Mayor Vaughn: Love to prove that, wouldn't ya? Get your name into the National Geographic.
Quint: You wanna drink? Drink to your leg.
Hooper: I'll drink to your leg.
Quint: Okay, so we drink to our legs!
Tom Cassidy: What's your name again?
Christine 'Chrissie' Watkins: Chrissie.
Tom Cassidy: Where are we going?
Christine 'Chrissie' Watkins: Swimming!
Quint: Little brown eel comes out of the cave... Swims into the hole... Comes out of the hole... Goes back into the cave again... It's not too good is it Chief?
Quint: Come on Chief, this isn't no boy scout picnic. See ya' got ya' rubbers!
Ellen Brody: My husband tells me you're in sharks.
Hooper: Dammit, Martin! This is compressed air!
Brody: Well, what the hell kind of a knot was that?
Hooper: You pulled the wrong one. You screw around with these tanks, and they're gonna blow up!
Quint: Yeah, that's real fine expensive gear you brought out here, Mr. Hooper. 'Course I don't know what that bastard shark's gonna do with it, might eat it I suppose. Seen one eat a rockin' chair one time. Hey chieffy, next time you just ask me which line to pull, right?
Brody: Yeah, but I'm not drunk enough to go out on a boat.
Hooper: Yes, you are.
Brody: No, I'm not.
Hooper: Yes, you are.
Brody: I can't do that.
Hooper: Yes, you can.
Quint: Goddamn women today, they can't handle nothin'. Young girls just ain't quite smart... like their grandmothers were!
Ellen Brody: Gotta be Quint.
Brody: Colorful, isn't he?
Brody: You're gonna need a bigger boat.
Quint: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!
Hooper: I got no spit.
Mayor Vaughn: And what did you say the name of this shark is?
Hooper: It's a carcaradon carcharias. It's a Great White
Hooper: He ate the light.
Mayor Vaughn: I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers. But, as you see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open and people are having a wonderful time. Amity, as you know, means "friendship".
Hendricks: So then Denherder and Charlie sat there trying to catch their breath - and to figure out how to tell Charlie's wife what happened to her freezer full of meat.
Brody: That's not funny. That's not funny at all.
Quint: Your husband's all right, Mrs. Brody. He's fishing. He's just caught a couple of stripers. We'll bring 'em in for dinner. We won't be long, we haven't seen anything yet. Over and out.
Quint: I'm not talkin' 'bout pleasure boatin' or day sailin'. I'm talkin' 'bout workin' for a livin'. I'm talkin' 'bout sharkin'!
Hooper: I got the creme de la creme. Right here. Hold on. Yeah, you see that?
Brody: You're wearing a sweater!
Out of Towner: Yeah, well, but what kind? What kind of shark?
Hooper: It's a tiger shark.
Out of Towner: A what?
Ellen Brody: Wanna get drunk and fool around?
Brody: Oh Yeah.
Quint: Stop playin' with yourself, Hooper.
Ellen Brody: You see the kids?
Brody: They must be in the back yard.
Ellen Brody: In Amity, you say "yahd".
Brody: They're in the "yahd", not too "fah" from the "cah".
Brody: How's that?
Ellen Brody: Like you're from New York.
Quint: You have city hands, Mr. Hooper. You been countin' money all your life.
Hooper: All right, all right! Hey, I don't need this... I don't need this working-class-hero crap!
Quint: Front, bow. Back, stern. If ya don't get it right, squirt, I throw your ass out the little round window on the side.
Quint: Ah, the missus, Chief. If they don't like you going out, they'll love you comin' in.
Mayor Vaughn: I'm only trying to say that Amity is a summer town. We need summer dollars. Now, if the people can't swim here, they'll be glad to swim at the beaches of Cape Cod, the Hamptons, Long Island...
Brody: That doesn't mean we have to serve them up as smörgåsbord!
Brody: You're certifiable, Quint! You know that?
Quint: Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Brody: Larry, the summer is over. You're the mayor of "shark city". These people think you want the beaches open.
Ellen Brody: You told me the shark was caught. And I, I heard it on the news... I heard it on the Cape station.
Hooper: They caught A shark, not THE shark. Big difference. Not the shark that killed Chrissie Watkins... and probably not the shark that killed the little boy... which I wanted to prove today, by cutting the shark open...
Hooper: you know, you oughta let that breathe a little
Hooper: - nothing, nothing!
Hooper: Hello.
Ben Gardner: Hello back... young feller. How are ya? Say I hope you not going out with those nuts, are ya?
Hooper: Ah. Just like I thought... He came up with the Gulf Stream - from southern waters.
Brody: He didn't eat a car, did he?
Hooper: Naw, a tiger shark's like a garbage can, it'll eat anything. Someone probably threw that in a river.
Brody: Take this stuff back to the office and get to work on those signs. "Beaches Closed - No Swimming. By the Order of the Amity PD". And let Polly do the printing.
Hendricks: What's the matter with my printing?
Brody: Let Polly do the printing.
Brody: I'm tellin' ya, the crime rate in New York'll kill you. There's so many problems, you never feel like you're accomplishing anything. Violence, rip-offs, muggings... kids can't leave the house - you gotta walk them to school. But in Amity one man can make a difference. In twenty-five years, there's never been a shooting or a murder in this town.
Hooper: No kidding. Want a pretzel?
Brody: Where are we?
Hooper: Doctor, there is no need for me to come to Brisbane, when I have a great white shark right here!
Ellen Brody: I just want to know one thing - when do I get to become an islander?
Mrs. Taft: Ellen, never, never! You're not born here, you're not an islander, that's it.
Brody: I don't believe it! Two barrels, and he's going down again!
Mr. Taft: Why do you insist on playing the heavy all of the time?
Mrs. Taft: Look, I have a point of view and I think it speaks for many of the people here. It's not only me because I have the motel - how do you feel?
Mr. Hassett: Oh, I hope they don't close the beaches!
Brody: I just- I just want to tell you what we're planning so far...
Meadows: What about the beaches, Chief?
Brody: We're going to put on the extra- the extra summer deputies as quickly as possible, and then we're going to try and use, uh, shark-spotters on the beach.
Mrs. Taft: Are you going to close the beaches?
Brody: Yes, we are.
Quint: Pump it out Chief!
Christine 'Chrissie' Watkins: Come on into the water!
Quint: Break it up will ya', Chief! Daylight's wastin'.
Hooper: Fast fish.
Quint: Hooper, ya idiot! Starboard, ain't you watchin' it?
Pratt: Ya know, I'm gonna stuff your friggin' head in there, man, and find out if it's a man-eater, all right?
Brody: What are you doing out there? These are your people - go and talk to them.
Hendricks: Those aren't my people. They're from all over the place. Did you see all the license plates out in the parking lot? Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey... I'm all by myself out there.
Quint: Chief... don't you worry about it, Chief. It won't be permanent. Wanna see somethin' permanent, boom-boom-boom?
Quint: Hey, Hoop, you wanna feel somethin' permanent? You just put your hand underneath my cap... and you just feel that little lump. Knock an ole un, St. Paddy's day, Boston.
Hooper: I got that beat.
Hooper: I got that beat.
Hooper: 'Scuse me. You know those eight guys in the fantail launch out there? Well, none of 'em are gonna get out of the harbor alive.
Brody: We're also planning to bring in some experts from the oceanographic institute on the mainland.
Mayor Vaughn: For only 24 hours!
Brody: I didn't agree to that!
Mayor Vaughn: Only 24 hours.
Extra Townswoman: 24 hours is like three weeks!
Quint: This shark, swallow you whole.
Christine 'Chrissie' Watkins: GOD HELP ME, PLEEEAAAAASE!
Quint: Excuse me, chief.
Brody: Ah, that *GREAT*! THAT'S JUST *GREAT*! WHERE THE HELL ARE WE NOW, HUH? YOU'RE CERTIFIABLE, QUINT, YOU KNOW THAT? YOU'RE CERTIFIABLE!
Quint: Yeah, yeah, yeah...
Quint: HOOPER! REVERSE IT!
Michael Brody: Pond's for old ladies.
Brody: I know it's for the old ladies, but just do it for the old man, huh? Please?
Sonar Operator: Amity Point Light Station to Orca. This is Amity Point Light Station to Orca. Come in, Orca.
Quint: Orca. Come in.
Sonar Operator: I have Mrs. Martin Brody here.
Quint: Put her on.
Hooper: Come on, Martin! Move, move, move!
Brody: I'm not going out there!
Hooper: Beyond the edge of the barrels, go to the end of the barrels!
Hooper: Further out!
Quint: What?
Hooper: Further out!
Brody: Why?
Hooper: Go further out!
Brody: What for?
Hooper: Will you go to the end of the pulpit, please?
Hooper: What?
Hooper: Will you please go to the end of the pulpit!
Brody: What for?
Hooper: I need to have something in the foreground to give it some scale!
Brody: Foreground, my ass!
Quint: Your husband's all right, Mrs. Brody, he's fishin', he just caught a couple of stripers, we'll bring 'em in for dinner, we won't be long, we haven't seen anything yet, over and out!
Artist: Sh-Shark! The shark! He's going into the pond! The shark's in the estuary!
Brody: Now what?
Ellen Brody: Michael's in the pond!
Artist: In the estuary! The shark's in the pond! He's going in the pond! Somebody do something! In the pond! In the pond! Shark! In the pond!
Brody: Got a pen, Larry?
Mayor Vaughn: Pen?
Brody: Yeah a PEN, you know...
Quint: Brody? Start that chum line again, will ya!
Brody: Let Hooper take a turn.
Quint: Hooper drives the boat, Chief.
Brody: Well, why don't we start leading the shark into shore instead of him leading us out to sea?
Hooper: Quint.
Brody: No.
Brody: Wanna take him home?
Ellen Brody: Back to New York?
Brody: No. Home here.
Brody: Oh, Jesus.     