
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: The only place I get hurt is out there. The world don't give a shit about me.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: I just want to tell you, I'm the one who was supposed to take care of everything. I'm the one who was supposed to make everything okay for everybody. It just didn't work out like that. And I left. I left you. You never did anything wrong. I used to try to forget about you. I used to try to pretend that you didn't exist, but I can't. You're my girl. You're my little girl. And now, I'm an old broken down piece of meat... and I'm alone. And I deserve to be all alone. I just don't want you to hate me.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: When you live hard and you play hard and burn the candle at both ends... in this life, you can lose everything you love, everything that loves you. Alot of people told me that I'd never wrestle again, they said "he's washed up", "he's finished" , "he's a loser", "he's all through". You know what? The only ones gonna tell me when I'm through doing my thing, is you people here. You people here... you people here. You're my family.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Goddamn they don't make em' like they used to.
Cassidy: Fuckin' 80's man, best shit ever !
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Bet'chr ass man, Guns N' Roses! Rules.
Cassidy: Crue!
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Yeah!
Cassidy: Def Lep!
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Then that Cobain pussy had to come around & ruin it all.
Cassidy: Like theres something wrong with just wanting to have a good time?
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: I'll tell you somethin', I hate the fuckin' 90's.
Cassidy: Fuckin' 90's sucked.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Fuckin' 90's sucked.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: I just want to say to you all tonight I'm very grateful to be here. A lot of people told me that I'd never wrestle again and that's all I do. You know, if you live hard and play hard and you burn the candle at both ends, you pay the price for it. You know in this life you can loose everything you love, everything that loves you. Now I don't hear as good as I used to and I forget stuff and I aint as pretty as I used to be but god damn it I'm still standing here and I'm The Ram. As times goes by, as times goes by, they say "he's washed up", "he's finished" , "he's a loser", "he's all through". You know what? The only one that's going to tell me when I'm through doing my thing is you people here.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: What can I get for you, good-lookin'?
Touchdown Man at Deli Counter: Half pound of egg salad.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: HALF POUND OF EGG SALAD, COMIN' UP!
Touchdown Man at Deli Counter: Is it fresh?
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Fresh? Fresh as monkey's breath, brother!
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: The only place I get hurt is out there.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: The world don't give a shit about me.
Necro Butcher: Are you cool with the staples?
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Staples?
Necro Butcher: Staple gun... Not so bad on the way in, except it's a little scary, you know - you got this metal thing pressed up against you. Gonna leave some marks, have to deal with a little blood loss.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Give this to your son, it's an authentic Randy "the Ram" action figure. Tell him not to lose it, it's a $300 collectors item.
Cassidy: Really?
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: No.
The Ayatollah: Ram, Ram, you okay? You all right? It's okay, Ram. Take it home.
Cassidy: He was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, and by his wounds we are healed.
WXW Announcer: and a true American, the people's hero... Randy "The Ram" Robinson!
Wayne: It's an endless parade of horny housewives begging for your man meat.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Hey lady - you want some fucking cheese? Get your own fucking cheese!
Alyssa: Party like a fireman!
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: Hey, this is supposed to say 'Randy'.
Wayne: I guess personnel just got it off your W-4.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: WAYNE!... Do I gotta wear it?
Wayne: No... you're special.
Randy 'The Ram' Robinson: WAYNE!... Can they fix it?
Wayne: Just wear the fucking thing, ok?
Nick Volpe: You know what I'm thinkin'? Two words... RE - MATCH.     