
Juan Miranda: What's that?
John H. Mallory: It's a map.
John H. Mallory: It's your country you're lyin' all over, there!
Juan Miranda: Hm-hm. Not my country. My country's... me and my family.
John H. Mallory: Well, your country's also Huerta, the governor, the landlords... Günther Ruiz and his locusts... this little revolution we're having here.
Juan Miranda: A revolution? "Little revolution"? Please, don't try to tell me about revolution! I know all about the revolutions and how they start! The people that read the books, they go to the people that don't read the books, and say "Ho-ho! The time has come to have a change, eh?"
John H. Mallory: Shhhh...
Juan Miranda: Sh, sh, sh, sh, sh, SHIT, SHUSH! I know what I am talking about when I am talking about revolutions! The people who read the books go to the people who can't read the books, the poor people, and say, "We have to have a change." So, the poor people make the change, ah? And then, the people who read the books, they all sit around the big polished tables, and they talk and talk and talk and eat and eat and eat, eh? But what has happened to the poor people? THEY ARE DEAD! That's your revolution! Sh... so, please... don't tell me about revolutions. And what happens afterwards? The same fucking thing starts all over again!
John H. Mallory: Whew. Hmmm.
John H. Mallory: When I started using dynamite... I believed in... many things, all of it! Now, I believe only in dynamite. I don't judge you, Villega. I did that only... once in my life. Get shovellin'.
: The revolution is not a social dinner, a literary event, a drawing or an embroidery; it cannot be done with... elegance and courtesy. The revolution is an act of violence... -Mao Tse-tung
John H. Mallory: Where there's revolution there's confusion, and when there's confusion, a man who knows what he wants stands a good chance of getting it.
John H. Mallory: You pull that trigger and shoot me, I fall. And if I fall... they'll have to alter all the maps.
John H. Mallory: Duck, you sucker!
Juan Miranda: For the rich you sing.
: A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery; It cannot be so refined, so leisurely and gentle, so temperate, kind, courteous, restrained and magnanimous. A revolution is an insurrection, an act of violence by which one class overthrows the other. -MAO TSE TUNG
Juan Miranda: What about me?
Juan Miranda: How many times have I told you, Chulo? No shooting unless papa pulls the trigger!
Dr. Villega: Not everybody can fight. There are those who must organize, coordinate.
Sean Mallory: Yes, yes. Of course!
Juan Miranda: He says there's no danger; all you have to do is just watch the bridge from a long way. No matter how I look with them, I'm still too close to the bridge.
Juan Miranda: Why am I mixed up in this fucking revolution in the first place? Go ahead, you tell me God; what am I doing here? Why didn't you strike me dead instead of letting me say "I stay too"?
Juan Miranda: Oh-ho, look at him. Look at him! All because of him! He acts like a tourist that's going somewhere, only he's staying, eh, heh-heh! Look at him. What the hell does he care, ho-ho, he's having fun. Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho! I'm glad he's having fun, God, because I am not having fun. Oh-ho. No! Hey, what's this?
Juan Miranda: Ho-ho, now he goes to sleep, eh? Go ahead, you sleep. Sleep. I tell you something God: when he's asleep, I go. Shhh. May the good Lord watch over you.
John H. Mallory: Say, which way is it to Lucanina?
Juan Miranda: Fuck you! Go find it yourself!
John H. Mallory: Ah hahahaha!
Juan Miranda: Mexico is big, but for you it is going to be very big!
Juan Miranda: O-kay!
Juan Miranda: You've come here to join the Revolution?
John H. Mallory: No. No, one was enough for me.
Dr. Villega: I see. You've already judged and condemned me.
Dr. Villega: That's why you've brought me with you. To kill me. It's easy to judge. Have you ever been tortured? Are you sure you wouldn't talk? I was sure. And yet I talked. Some men died because of me. What should I do? Kill myself? Why? The dead remain dead but me, I have not changed. I still believe in the same things. I can continue to serve the cause!
John H. Mallory: Shut up, Villega! Shut up, for Christ's sake.
American on wagon: Every country has its own plague. Just like them niggers... we got back home.
Notary on Stagecoach: Just like animals, you mean, because that's what they are.
Landowner on stagecoach: Exactly. Which is why they're half-wits...
John H. Mallory: Where are you going, for Christ's sake?
Juan Miranda: I don't know. I don't know, but something's wrong. I went into the bank. But when I go in the bank, there's nothing there, no money, nothing.
John H. Mallory: Oh, well, the bank and the money were transferred to Mexico City over a month ago. Well, they've been using this place for a political prison ever since.
Juan Miranda: What? What do you mean a political prison?
John H. Mallory: Well, I never said a thing about money. All I asked you was if you wanted to get inside.
Juan Miranda: But you know that this bank is my life! This is my dream!
John H. Mallory: Well, the reality of that is you just liberated 150 patriots through sheer courage in the face of danger.
John H. Mallory: John H. Mallory: Ah yes, you're a grand hero of the revolution, now. Viva Miranda.
Juan Miranda: I don't want to be a hero! All I want is the money! The money!
John H. Mallory: Viva Miranda!
Juan Miranda: You taught me one thing!
John H. Mallory: What?
Juan Miranda: How to get fucked!
Juan Miranda: Hey, what kind of trouble you in?
John H. Mallory: Oh, we had a wee fart of a revolution in Ireland.
Juan Miranda: A revolution? Seems to me the revolutions are all over the world. You know, they're like the *crabs*! We had a revolution here. When it started, all the brave people went in it, and what it did to them was terrible. Pancho Villa, the best bandit chief in the world, you know that? This man had two balls like the bull. He went in the revolution as a great bandit. When he came out, he came out as what? Nothing. A general, huh? That, to me, is the bullshit!
American on wagon: You'll pay for this, you bastards! I'm a citizen of the United States of America!
Papa Miranda: To me, you are just a naked son of a bitch. Understand, Yankee?
Juan Miranda: Listen, Günther Ruiz is after us, and now Villa wants to talk to me, I think we should get outta here.
Sean Mallory: Well, Jesus, Juan-o, you can't leave now, you're a great, grand, glorious hero of the revolution.
Juan Miranda: Uh, can I tell you something?
Sean Mallory: What?
Juan Miranda: Fuck you.
Juan Miranda: John... and Juan...
John H. Mallory: Jesus, for chrissake!
Juan Miranda: What kinda work you do for the German? Listen, I asked you a question. What do you do for the German?
John H. Mallory: I've been looking for silver.
Juan Miranda: Silver? You know something? I don't understand you. I don't understand how you waste your time and your holy water looking for silver. To me, that's a sin.
John H. Mallory: Do you have any better ideas?
Juan Miranda: Si, I think gold is better than silver.
John H. Mallory: Ah, there isn't any gold in these hills.
Juan Miranda: Oh ho, yes there is! In Mesa Verde.
John H. Mallory: Mesa Verde? It's a city.
Juan Miranda: Of course it's a city! Who ever heard of having a bank in the country, huh?
John H. Mallory: Uh huh. A bank?
Juan Miranda: Not "a bank." *The bank!* The most beautiful, wonderful, fantastic, gorgeous, magnificent bank in the whole world! When you stand before the bank and you see it has the gates of gold, like it was the gates of heaven. And when you go inside, everything, *everything* is gold! Gold spittoons, gold handles, and money, money, money is everywhere. And you know, I know 'cause I saw this when I was eight years old. I went there with my father. He tried to rob the bank, but they caught him. But they will never catch me, eh, Papa?
Papa Miranda: Right.
Juan Miranda: Listen, Firecracker. Now you listen to me... listen, why don't you come with me, eh? And we will work together... and we will become rich.
Juan Miranda: What the hell is your name?
John H. Mallory: Seán...
Juan Miranda: What?
John H. Mallory: John.
Juan Miranda: What is your name?
John H. Mallory: John.
Juan Miranda: That's fantastic, that is incredible, eh! My name is Juan and yours is John! It's Juan and John, eh? Heh, heh!
John H. Mallory: So what?
Juan Miranda: What do you mean, "So what?" Can't you understand that is... that is... the... oh... ah... destiny.
Priest: I hate saying it, but you should hear them in the confessional. You would never imagine. Did you know that they...
Adelita, woman in stagecoach: I can imagine, Father. I can imagine. Living in such promiscuity. All of them in one room, male and female together, lying in a heap, like rats in a sewer. At night, when the lights are out, all their inhibitions disappear. You never know who's next: mother, sister, goat... goat.
Juan Miranda: If something happens, and your father doesn't come back, then I pray that the great God in Heaven takes care of you.
Dr. Villega: When the enemy is busy on four fronts, we'll move against our real objective. Do we still agree?
Dr. Villega: You'll need men.
John H. Mallory: I only need one man.
Dr. Villega: One?
John H. Mallory: Sí.
Dr. Villega: Him.
Juan Miranda: "Him"? "Him"? What is with this "him"? Him, whom? Who him, huh? TO DO WHAT? That's what I wanna know!
John H. Mallory: To attack the bank.
Juan Miranda: The bank? Oh, w-w-w-w-w-w-we will take care of the bank. That's why we're here, so don't worry about that!
Dr. Villega: Well, then... what can I say? Except... I hope you make it.
Juan Miranda: Me too. And him!
Stagecoach driver: Juan Miranda: Señor! Señor! Señor...
Yankee, Stagecoach Driver: Tighten up that girth.
Juan Miranda: Señor, I... I must go to San Felipe... my mother is dead!
Yankee, Stagecoach Driver: Straight down the road, about fifty miles.
Juan Miranda: Please?
Yankee, Stagecoach Driver: Eh, get outta here.
Yankee, Stagecoach Driver: Hey. Hey, amigo. Come here.
Yankee, Stagecoach Driver: Ohhh... perfect. You're perfect! I swear to God, boys, he's just right. I'm gonna put you on that stage, and watch those faces when they see you come in!
Dr. Villega: And now, to our work, friends. I have good news. In two days, Villa and Zapata will attack simultaneously from north and south. We here, like those in other cities, must begin parallel actions of harassment. Pereto's downfall is just a question of weeks...
Dr. Villega: Whereas Miguel's is only a question of hours if he doesn't stop smoking.
Miguel: Easy to say.
Miguel: What about that one? Him?
Dr. Villega: He's alright... except that when operating, he cuts deeper than I do.
Juan Miranda: What the doctor means is that one time we did a... little work together.
Second Policeman on Train: Drop the knife, you bastard.
Second Policeman on Train: I have family.
Juan Miranda: I have family too, eh!
Priest: Even animals can be tame and harmless. Personally, I consider them unfortunate brutes.
Landowner on stagecoach: Hey, you. You know who your father was? Hm?
Landowner on stagecoach: Heh. Do you know at least how old you are? Hm?
Landowner on stagecoach: He doesn't know. Do you know... how many kids you have, eh? Do you know... how many kids your mother had?
Landowner on stagecoach: He doesn't know anything, you see? And it was to benefit scum like this that the Agrarian Reform was imposed. And that ass Madero wanted to give the government, and *our land*... to idiots like this.
Priest: We are all pawns in the hands of Almighty God. Fortunately, Divine Providence has disposed of that rash individual Madero.
Landowner on stagecoach: My dear Monsignor, let us be realistic. What you choose to call Providence... I call General Huerta. He put the peasants in their place.
Notary on Stagecoach: Which is the best place for animals, because that's what they are... animals.
Juan Miranda: You wanted to know my family?
Juan Miranda: That's my sons. Each one of them from a different mother, eh? And now, you kneel. Kneel. KNEEL!
Juan Miranda: Papa!
Juan Miranda: This is my father, I think.
Papa Miranda: Pleased to meet...
Juan Miranda: Go inside before Chulo kills everyone, eh? My mother had the blood of the Aztecs, which was before your people! And now I ask you a question: can you make a baby?
Juan Miranda: Can you make a baby?
Juan Miranda: That's sad. But we will fix that.
Juan Miranda: Listen, when they are out of sight, we will make a run for it. ¿Sí?
Juan Miranda: No? You can't mean to stay here? All those explosions must have gone to your head!
Juan Miranda: Remember: John and Juan? America. The millions. No?
John H. Mallory: No.
Juan Miranda: I don't understand you! I thought you made some kind of a trick so we can get out of here - what can the two of us do against those locusts?
John H. Mallory: Oh, you'd be doing me a great favor if you'd leave! If it's a choice I'd have to make between a chicken thief, and riddin' the world of a few uniforms... I'll not be choosin' the chicken thief.
Juan Miranda: O-kay. O-kay!
Juan Miranda: NO!
Juan Miranda: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. You will like that, uh? Well, you listen to me, you Irish piece of shit! You think you're the only man in the world who has the balls to stay? Well, you are wrong! 'Cause I - have - the - balls - and - I - stay!     