
Willy Wonka: There's no earthly way of knowing/Which direction they are going... There's no knowing where they're rowing...
Mr. Salt: Rowing...
Willy Wonka: Or which way the river's flowing... Is it raining, is it snowing?/Is a hurricane a-blowing?
Willy Wonka: Not a speck of light is showing/So the danger must be growing... Are the fires of Hell a-glowing?/Is the grisly Reaper mowing?/Yes! The danger must be growing/'Cause the rowers keep on rowing/
Willy Wonka: And they're certainly not showing/Any sign that they are slowing!
Willy Wonka: Try some more. The strawberries taste like strawberries, and the snozzberries taste like snozzberries.
Veruca Salt: Snozzberries? Who ever heard of a snozzberry?
Willy Wonka: *We* are the music makers... and *we* are the dreamers of dreams.
Willy Wonka: The suspense is terrible... I hope it'll last.
Mrs. Gloop: Don't just stand there, do something!
Willy Wonka: Help. Police, Murder.
Willy Wonka: So much time and so little to do. Wait a minute. Strike that. Reverse it. Thank you.
Willy Wonka: A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.
Willy Wonka: So shines a good deed in a weary world.
Mr. Salt: What is this, Wonka? Some kind of funhouse?
Willy Wonka: Why? Are you having fun?
Willy Wonka: How did you like the chocolate factory, Charlie?
Charlie: I think it's the most wonderful place in the whole world!
Willy Wonka: I'm very pleased to hear you say that, because I'm giving it to you.
Grandpa Joe: You're giving Charlie the...?
Willy Wonka: I can't go on forever, and I don't really want to try. So who can I trust to run the factory when I leave and take care of the Oompa Loompas for me? Not a grown up. A grown up would want to do everything his own way, not mine. So that's why I decided a long time ago that I had to find a child. A very honest, loving child, to whom I could tell all my most precious candy making secrets.
Charlie: So that's why you sent out the golden tickets!
Willy Wonka: That's right. So the factory is yours, Charlie. You can move in immediately.
Grandpa Joe: And me?
Willy Wonka: Absolutely.
Charlie: But what happens to the rest...?
Willy Wonka: The whole family. I want you to bring them all.
Willy Wonka: If you want to view paradise, simply look around and view it. Anything you want to, do it; want to change the world... there's nothing to it.
Mr. Salt: Wonka. Butterscotch? Buttergin? Got a little something going on the side?
Willy Wonka: Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
Mr. Turkentine: I've just decided to switch our Friday schedule to Monday, which means that the test we take each Friday on what we learned during the week will now take place on Monday before we've learned it. But since today is Tuesday, it doesn't matter in the slightest. Pencils ready!
Willy Wonka: Where is fancy bred, in the heart or in the head?
Willy Wonka: Hold your breath, make a wish, count to three.
FBI Agent: Mrs. Curtis, did you hear me? It's your husband's life, or your case of Wonka bars.
Mrs. Curtis: How long will they give me to think it over?
Mrs. Gloop: He's gone! He'll be made into marshmallows in five seconds.
Willy Wonka: Impossible, my dear lady! That's absurd! Unthinkable!
Mrs. Gloop: Why?
Willy Wonka: Because that pipe doesn't go to the marshmallow room, it goes to the fudge room!
Mrs. Gloop: You terrible man!
Charlie Bucket: Mr. Wonka, they won't really be burned in the furnace, will they?
Willy Wonka: Hm... well, I think that furnace is only lit every other day, so they have a good sporting chance, haven't they?
Computer Operator: Gentlemen, I know how anxious you've all been during these last few days. But now I think I can safely say that your time and money have been well-spent. We're about to witness the greatest miracle of the machine age. Based on the revolutionary Computonian Law of Probability, this machine will tell us the precise location of the 3 remaining golden tickets.
Computer Operator: It says: "I won't tell. That would be cheating."
Computer Operator: I am now telling the computer that if it will tell me the correct answer, I will gladly share with it the grand prize.
Computer Operator: He says: "What would a computer do with a lifetime supply of chocolate?"
Computer Operator: I am now telling the computer exactly what he can do with the lifetime supply of chocolate.
Willy Wonka: But Charlie, don't forget what happened to the man who suddenly got everything he always wanted.
Charlie: What happened?
Willy Wonka: He lived happily ever after.
Grandpa Joe: Mr. Wonka?
Willy Wonka: I am extraordinarily busy, sir.
Grandpa Joe: I just wanted to ask about the chocolate. The-the lifetime supply of chocolate, for Charlie. Wh-When does he get it?
Willy Wonka: He doesn't.
Grandpa Joe: Why not?
Willy Wonka: Because he broke the rules.
Grandpa Joe: What rules? We didn't see any rules, did we, Charlie?
Willy Wonka: Wrong, sir! Wrong! Under section 37B of the contract signed by him, it states quite clearly that all offers shall become null and void if - and you can read it for yourself in this photostatic copy: Willy Wonka: I, the undersigned, shall forfeit all rights, privileges, and licenses herein and herein contained, et cetera, et cetera... Fax mentis incendium gloria cultum, et cetera, et cetera... Memo bis punitor delicatum!
Willy Wonka: It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal! You stole fizzy lifting drinks! You bumped into the ceiling which now has to be washed and sterilized, so you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
Grandpa Joe: You're a crook. You're a cheat and a swindler! That's what you are!
Grandpa Joe: How could you do something like this, build up a little boy's hopes and then smash all his dreams to pieces? You're an inhuman monster!
Willy Wonka: I said good day!
Grandpa Joe: Come on, Charlie, let's get out of here. I'll get even with him if it's the last thing I'll ever do. If Slugworth wants a Gobstopper, he'll get one.
Willy Wonka: If the good Lord had intended us to walk, he wouldn't have invented roller skates.
Mrs. Gloop: He can't swim.
Willy Wonka: There's no better time to learn.
Mr. Turkentine: Of course you don't know. You don't know because only *I* know. If you knew and I didn't know, then you'd be teaching me instead of me teaching you - and for a student to be teaching his teacher is presumptuous and rude. Do I make myself clear?
Violet Beauregarde: Well, they can't be real people.
Willy Wonka: Why, of course they're real people.
Mr. Salt: Stuff and nonsense!
Willy Wonka: No, Oompa Loompas.
The Group: Oompa Loompas?
Willy Wonka: From Loompaland.
Mrs. Teevee: Loompaland? There's no such place.
Willy Wonka: Excuse me, dear lady, but...
Mrs. Teevee: Mr. Wonka, I am a teacher of geography.
Willy Wonka: Oh, well, then you know all about it and what a terrible country it is. Nothing but desolate wastes and fierce beasts. And the poor little Oompa Loompas were so small and helpless, they would get gobbled up right and left. A Wangdoodle would eat ten of them for breakfast and think nothing of it. And so, I said, "Come and live with me in peace and safety, away from all the Wangdoodles, and Hornswogglers, and Snozzwangers, and rotten, Vermicious Knids."
Mr. Salt: Snozzwangers? Vermicious Knids? What kind of rubbish is that?
Willy Wonka: I'm sorry, but all questions *must* be submitted in writing. And so, in the greatest of secrecy, I transported the entire population of Oompa Loompas to my factory here.
Veruca Salt: Hey, Daddy, *I* want an Oompa Loompa! I want you to get me an Oompa Loompa right away!
Mr. Salt: All right, Veruca, all right. I'll get you one before the day is out.
Veruca Salt: I want an Oompa Loompa now!
Violet Beauregarde: Can it, you nit!
Willy Wonka: Well, fortunately, small boys are extremely springy and elastic. So I think we'll put him in my special taffy-pulling machine. That should do the trick.
Willy Wonka: To the taffy-pulling room. You'll find the boy in his mother's purse. But be extremely careful.
Mrs. Teevee: Uh, T-T-Taffy? Wh-What's he saying?
Willy Wonka: No, no. I won't hold you responsible.
Willy Wonka: And now, my dearest lady, it's time to say good-bye.
Willy Wonka: No, no, don't speak. For some moments in life, there are no words. Run along now.
Mrs. Gloop: What a disgusting, dirty river!
Mr. Salt: Industrial waste, that. You've ruined your watershed Wonka: it's polluted.
Willy Wonka: It's chocolate.
Veruca Salt: That's chocolate?
Charlie: That's chocolate!
Mr. Salt: Quite a nice little canoe you got there, Wonka.
Willy Wonka: All I ask is a tall ship and a star to sail her by. All aboard, everybody.
Mr. Salt: Ladies first, and that means Veruca.
Grandpa Joe: If she's a lady, I'm a Vermicious Knid.
Mike Teevee: Look at me, I'm gonna be be the first person in the world to be sent by television!
Mrs. Teevee: Mike, get away from that thing!
Willy Wonka: Stop. Don't. Come back.
Mike Teevee: Lights, camera, *action*!
Willy Wonka: Invention, my dear friends, is 93% perspiration, 6% electricity, 4% evaporation, and 2% butterscotch ripple.
Mrs. Teevee: That's 105%!
Mr. Beauregarde: Any good?
Willy Wonka: Yes.
Willy Wonka: She was a bad egg.
Grandpa Joe: Well, Mr. Salt finally got what he wanted.
Charlie: What's that?
Grandpa Joe: Veruca went first.
Mrs. Gloop: You boiled him up, I know it.
Willy Wonka: Nil desperandum, my dear lady. Across the desert lies the promised land.
Willy Wonka: Goodbye, Mrs. Gloop. Adieu. Aufwiedersehen. Gesundheit. Farewell.
Grandpa Joe: Mr. Wonka? Uh, what's that they're filling it up with?
Willy Wonka: Oh ginger ale, ginger pop, ginger beer, beer bubbles, bubbleade, bubblecola, double cola, double-bubble-burple-cola, and all the crazy carbonated stuff that tickles your nose. Few people realize what tremendous power there is in one of those things.
Grandpa Joe: Sorry I asked.
Charlie: Is this going to go fast, Grandpa?
Grandpa Joe: It should, Charlie; it's got more gas in it than a politician.
Mrs. Teevee: I think I'm going to be seasick!
Willy Wonka: Here, take these.
Mrs. Teevee: What are they?
Willy Wonka: Rainbow drops. Suck them and you can spit in seven different colors!
Violet Beauregarde: Spitting's a dirty habit.
Willy Wonka: I know a worse one.
Willy Wonka: There is no life I know to compare with pure imagination. Living there, you'll be free if you truly wish to be.
Willy Wonka: We're there.
Mrs. Teevee: Where?
Willy Wonka: Here. A small step for mankind, but a giant step for us. All ashore!
Mr. Beauregarde: Let me off this crate!
Mike Teevee: Now why don't they show stuff like that on T.V.?
Mrs. Teevee: I don't know.
Mr. Salt: What a nightmare.
Veruca Salt: Daddy, I do not want a boat like this.
Charlie: Dairy cream...
Grandpa Joe: Whipped cream...
Charlie: Coffee cream...
Grandpa Joe: Vanilla cream...
Charlie, Grandpa Joe: Hair cream?
Willy Wonka: Meine Herrschaften, schenken Sie mir ihre aufmerksamkeit.
Mrs. Teevee: That's not French.
Willy Wonka: Sie kommen jetzt in den interessantesten und gleichzeitig geheimsten raum meiner fabrik.
Mr. Salt: I can't take much more of this.
Willy Wonka: Meine Damen und Herren, der Inventing Room.
Willy Wonka: Now, remember: No messing about, no touching, no tasting, no telling.
Grandpa Joe: No telling what?
Willy Wonka: You see, all of my most secret inventions are cooking and simmering in here. Old Slugworth would give his false teeth to get inside for just five minutes, so don't touch a thing!
Oompa Loompas: Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee doo / I've got another puzzle for you / Oompa Loompa doo-p-dee dee / If you are wise you'll listen to me / Who do you blame when your kid is a brat / Pampered and spoiled like a Siamese cat / Blaming the kids is a lie and a shame / You know exactly who's to blame? / The mother and the father / Oompa Loompa doo-p-dee dah / If you're not spoiled, then you will go far / You will live in happiness, too / Like the Oompa Loompa doo-p-dee doo.
Willy Wonka: Don't you know what this is?
Violet Beauregarde: By gum, it's gum.
Willy Wonka: Wrong! It's the most amazing, fabulous, sensational gum in the whole world.
Violet Beauregarde: What's so fab about it?
Willy Wonka: This little piece of gum is a three-course dinner.
Mr. Salt: Bull.
Willy Wonka: No, roast beef. But I haven't got it quite right yet.
Veruca Salt: I want the world. I want the whole world. I want to lock it all up in my pocket. It's my bar of chocolate. Give it to me now.
Willy Wonka: It happens every time, they all become blueberries.
Mr. Salt: Wonka, how much do you want for the golden goose?
Willy Wonka: They're not for sale.
Mr. Salt: Name your price.
Willy Wonka: She can't have one.
Veruca Salt: Who says I can't?
Mr. Salt: The man with the funny hat.
Mr. Salt: What's that for?
Willy Wonka: Gives it a little kick.
Mike Teevee: Wait till I get a real one. Colt 45. Pop won't let me have one yet, will ya, Pop?
Mr. Teevee: Not till you're 12, son.
Grandpa Joe: When a loaf of bread looks like a banquet, I've no right buying tobacco.
Mr. Beauregarde: Don't talk to me about contracts, Wonka, I use them myself. They're strictly for suckers.
Charlie: Hey, the room is getting smaller.
Mrs. Teevee: No, it's not. He's getting bigger!
Mr. Salt: He's at it again!
Mike Teevee: Where's the chocolate?
Mr. Beauregarde: I doubt if there is any.
Mr. Salt: I doubt if any of us will get out of here alive.
Willy Wonka: Oh, you should never, never doubt what nobody is sure about.
Mrs. Gloop: You're not squeezing me through that tiny door!
Mr. Salt: You're off your bleeding nut, Wonka. No one can get through there!
Mr. Beauregarde: I'm getting even with you for this, Wonka, if it's the last thing I ever do!
Mr. Beauregarde: I've got a blueberry for a daughter...
Stanley Kael, Second Newscaster: Four down, one to go, and somewhere out there a lucky person is moving closer and closer to the most sought after prize in history. Though we cannot help but envy whoever he is, and we may feel bitter, but we must remember there are more important things, *many* more important things. Though offhand I cannot think of what they are, but I'm sure there must be something.
Charlie: You know... I'll bet those Golden Tickets make the chocolate taste terrible.
Mrs. Teevee: I assume there's an accident indemnity clause.
Willy Wonka: Never between friends.
Charlie: Hey, you did it, Grandpa.
Grandpa Joe: Ohhhh... ohhhh, I think I hit an air pocket.
Charlie: You can fly to the moon this way.
Grandpa Joe: Let's just fly south for the winter.
Charlie: Why not? I'm a bird!
Grandpa Joe: I'm a plaaaaaaane!
Charlie: I'm... going too high!
Oompa Loompas: Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee do / I've got another puzzle for you / Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dah dee / If you are wise you'll listen to me / What do you get from a glut of TV? / A pain in the neck and an IQ of 3 / Why don't you try simply reading a book? / Or could you just not bear to look? / You'll get no / You'll get no / You'll get no / You'll get no / You'll get no commercials / Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee dah / If you love reading you will go far / You will live in happiness, too / Like the Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee do.
Charlie: This is kind of strange.
Grandpa Joe: Yes, it's strange, Charlie, but it's fun! Ha-ha!
Willy Wonka: Bubbles, bubbles everywhere, but not a drop to drink - yet.
Willy Wonka: Behold the Wonkamobile. A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
Willy Wonka: In springtime, the only pretty ring time, birds sing hey ding... a-ding, a-ding, sweet lovers love... the spring.
Willy Wonka: Now over here, if you'll follow me, I have something rather special to show you.
Mr. Salt: It's special all right, I only hope my Veruca doesn't want one.
Willy Wonka: And who is this gentleman?
Charlie: My grandfather, Grandpa Joe.
Willy Wonka: Delighted to meet you, sir. Overjoyed, enraptured, entranced. Are we ready? Yes, good. In we go.
Veruca Salt: Hey, she's got two! I want another one!
Violet Beauregarde: Stop squawking, you twit!
Willy Wonka: Everybody has had ONE, and ONE is enough for anybody. Now come along.
Willy Wonka: They're laying overtime right now, for Easter.
Mike Teevee: But Easter's over!
Willy Wonka: Ssshhh!
Willy Wonka: They don't know that. I'm trying to get ahead for next year.
Veruca Salt: I want to go in! Don't you dare stop me!
Mr. Salt: I'm only trying to help you, sweetheart.
Veruca Salt: Give me that pen!
Veruca Salt: You're always making things difficult.
Willy Wonka: Nicely handled, Veruca! Now there's a girl who knows where she's going.
Mrs. Teevee: I'm sending you the cleaning bill, Mr. Wonka!
Willy Wonka: No other factory in the world mixes its chocolate by waterfall.
Willy Wonka: But it's the only way if you want it just right.
Charlie: Hey Grandpa, what was that we just went through?
Willy Wonka: Hsaw Aknow.
Mrs. Teevee: Is that Japanese?
Willy Wonka: No, that's Wonka wash, spelled backwards. That's it, ladies and gentlemen, the journey's over!
Grandpa Joe: Finest bath, I've had in twenty years!
Mr. Turkentine: Charlie Bucket, how many did you open?
Charlie: Two.
Mr. Turkentine: That's easy. 200 is twice 100...
Charlie: Not 200, just two.
Mr. Turkentine: Two? What do you mean you only opened two?
Charlie: I don't care very much for chocolate.
Mr. Turkentine: Well, I can't figure out just two! So let's pretend you opened 200. Now, if you opened 200 Wonka bars, apart from being dreadfully sick, you'd have used up 20% of 1,000, which is 15% half over again, 10%...
Mike Teevee: Where are you taking me?
Mike Teevee: I don't wanna go in there...!
Mrs. Teevee: Be quiet.
Mike Teevee: Hey, let me out, it's dark in here. Come on, Mom, I want to be on TV. Let me out, Mom, or I'll gnaw my way out. I'm warning you, Mom, there's a nail file in here. If you don't let me out, I'll smear your lipstick all over everything.
Mr. Turkentine: You, Winkelmann, come here. What's happening?
Winkelmann: Mr. Wonka's opening his factory, he's gonna to let people in.
Mr. Turkentine: You sure?
Winkelmann: It's on the radio. He's giving truckloads of chocolate away.
Mr. Turkentine: Class dismissed.
Winkelmann: No, no, it's only for five people.
Mr. Turkentine: Class undismissed.
Winkelmann: He sent out five Golden Tickets, and the people who find them will win the big prize.
Mr. Turkentine: Where's he hidden the tickets?
Winkelmann: Inside five Wonka bars. You've got to buy Wonka bars to find them.
Mr. Turkentine: Class re-dismissed.
Mike Teevee: Boy, what a great show.
Mrs. Teevee: I serve all his TV dinners right here. He's never even been to the table.
Charlie: It's perfect.
Mrs. Teevee: It's unbelievable!
Grandpa Joe: It's a miracle!
Mike Teevee: It's a TV dinner!
Willy Wonka: It's Wonkavision.
Grandpa Joe: It could change the world!
Charlie: Why won't she listen to Mr. Wonka?
Grandpa Joe: Because, Charlie, she's a nitwit.
Oompa Loompas: Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee do / I've got another puzzle for you / Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee dee / If you are wise you'll listen to me / Gum chewing's fine when it's once in a while / It stops you from smoking and brightens your smile / But it's repulsive, revolting, and wrong / chewing and chewing all day long / The way that a cow does / Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee dah / Given good manners, you will go far / You will live in happiness, too/Like the Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee doo.
Charlie Bucket: Mr. Wonka, what'll happen to the other kids? Augustus, Veruca?
Willy Wonka: My dear boy, I promise you they'll be quite all right. When they leave here, they'll be completely restored to their normal, terrible old selves. But maybe they'll be a little bit wiser for the wear. Anyway, don't worry about them.
Willy Wonka: It's a musical lock.
Mrs. Teevee: Rachmaninoff.
Willy Wonka: Little surprises around every corner, but nothing dangerous. So don't be alarmed. As soon as your outer vestments are at hand, we'll begin.
Violet Beauregarde: What is this, a freak out?
Veruca Salt: I wanted to be the first to find a Golden Ticket, Daddy!
Mr. Salt: I know, angel. We're doing the best we can. I've got every girl in the place to start hunting for you.
Veruca Salt: All right, where is it? Why haven't they found it?
Mr. Salt: Veruca, sweetheart, I'm not a magician! Give me time!
Veruca Salt: I want it now! What's the matter with those twerps down there?
Mr. Salt: For five days now, the entire flipping factory's been on the job. They haven't shelled a peanut in there since Monday. They've been shelling flaming chocolate bars from dawn till dusk!
Veruca Salt: Make them work nights!
Willy Wonka: Well, well, well, two naughty, *nasty* little children gone. Three good, sweet little children left.
Charlie: He'll never get out.
Grandpa Joe: Yes, he will, Charlie. Watch. Remember when you once asked me how a bullet comes out of a gun?
Augustus Gloop: Let me in, I'm starving!
Willy Wonka: Now, don't get excited. Don't lose your head, Augustus. We don't want anybody to lose that.
Reporter: So, ya like the killings, huh?
Mike Teevee: What do you think life's all about?
Mr. Beauregarde: What business are you in, Salt?
Mr. Salt: Nuts.
Mrs. Gloop: Help, Mr. Wonka, help! I'm getting squashed. Save me!
Willy Wonka: Is it my soul that calls upon my name?
Willy Wonka: Ninety-nine, forty-four, one hundred percent pure. Just through the other door, please.
Veruca Salt: Daddy, I want a boat like this. A beautiful paddle boat is what I want.
Grandpa Joe: What she wants is a good kick in the pants!
Willy Wonka: Time is a precious thing. Never waste it.
Willy Wonka: Swifter than eagles! Stronger than lions!
Mr. Beauregarde: Violet, what are you doing now? You're blowing up!
Violet Beauregarde: I feel funny!
Grandpa Joe: I'm not surprised.
Mrs. Teevee: I think I'm going to be sick!
Mrs. Teevee: Now I AM going to be sick!
Mr. Beauregarde: Violet! You're turning violet, Violet!
Tinker: Up the airy mountain, down the rushy glen, we daren't go a hunting, for fear of little men. You see, nobody ever goes in... and nobody ever comes out.
Veruca Salt: They're not even trying! They don't want to find it! They're jealous of me!
Mr. Salt: Sweetheart, I can't push them no harder; 19,000 bars an hour they're shelling; 760,000 they've done so far.
Veruca Salt: You promised, Daddy! You promised I'd have it the very first day!
Mrs. Salt: You're going to be very unpopular around here, Henry, if you don't deliver soon.
Mr. Salt: It breaks my heart, Henrietta. I hate to see her unhappy.
Veruca Salt: I won't talk to you ever again! You're a mean father, you'll never give me anything I want! And I won't go to school till I have it!
Mr. Salt: Veruca, sweetheart, angel. Now, there are four tickets left in the whole world, and the whole ruddy world's hunting for them! What can I do?
Veruca Salt: I want a party with roomfuls of laughter, / Ten thousand tons of ice cream, / And if I don't get the things I am after, / I'm going to screeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEAM.
Bill: All right, all right, all right, what's it going to be? A Triple Cream Cup for Christopher. A Sizzler for June Marie. And listen!
Bill: Wonka's got a new one today.
Children: What is it?
Bill: This is called a Scrumpdiddlyumptious Bar.
Augustus Gloop: I feel very sorry for Wonka. It's gonna cost him a fortune in fudge.
Violet Beauregarde: Well, I'm a gum chewer, normally. But when I heard about these ticket things of Wonka's, I laid off the gum and switched to candy bars, instead. Now, of course, I'm right back on gum. I chew it all day, except at mealtimes when I stick it behind my ear.
Mrs. Beauregarde: Violet...
Violet Beauregarde: Cool it, Mother!
Violet Beauregarde: Now, this little piece of gum here is one I've been chewing on for three months solid, and that's a world record. It's beaten the record held by my best friend, Miss Cornelia Prince Medal. And, WAS she mad.
Violet Beauregarde: Hi, Cornelia. How are ya, sweetie?
Grandpa Joe: Our little group is getting smaller by the minute.
Willy Wonka: 'Round the world and home again, that's the sailor's way.
Willy Wonka: This is the great glass Wonkavator.
Grandpa Joe: It's an elevator.
Willy Wonka: It's a Wonkavator. An elevator can only go up and down, but the Wonkavator can go sideways, and slantways, and longways, and backways...
Charlie: And frontways?
Willy Wonka: ...and squareways, and front ways, and any other ways that you can think of. It can take you to any room in the whole factory just by pressing one of these buttons. Any of these buttons. Just press a button, and *zing*! You're off. And up until now, I've pressed them all... except one.
Willy Wonka: This one. Go ahead, Charlie.
Charlie: Me?
Willy Wonka: I take very good care of my guests.
Mr. Beauregarde: Yeah, you took real good care of that August kid.
Augustus Gloop: Mm, this stuff is terrific.
Charlie: Grandpa, look at Augustus!
Grandpa Joe: Don't worry, he can't drink it all.
Mrs. Teevee: Why is it taking so long?
Charlie: A million pieces take a long time to put together.
Willy Wonka: And almost everything you'll see is eatable, edible. I mean, you can eat almost everything.
Willy Wonka: The Egg-dicator can tell the difference between a good egg and a bad egg. If it's a good egg, it's shined up and shipped out all over the world. But if it's a bad egg, down the chute.
Grandpa Joe: It's an educated Egg-dicator.
Willy Wonka: I don't understand it. The children are dissappearing like rabbits. Well, we still have each other. Shall we press on?
Mr. Salt: Where is she going?
Willy Wonka: Where all the other bad eggs go, down the garbage chute.
Mr. Salt: Oh, the garbage chute. Where does it lead to?
Willy Wonka: To the furnace.
Mr. Salt: The furnace! She'll be sizzled like a sausage.
Willy Wonka: No, not necessarily. She could be stuck just inside the tube.
Mr. Salt: Inside the...
Mr. Salt: Hold on! Veruca! Sweetheart! Daddy's coming!
Willy Wonka: There'll to be a lot of garbage today.
Mr. Salt: You sure this thing'll float, eh, Wonka?
Willy Wonka: With your buoyancy, sir, rest assured.
Willy Wonka: Faster, faster; if we don't pick up enough speed, we'll never get through!
Charlie: Get through what?
Willy Wonka: Aha!
Grandpa Joe: You mean we're going...?
Willy Wonka: Up and out!
Grandpa Joe: But this roof is made of glass! It'll shatter into a thousand pieces! We'll be cut to ribbons!
Willy Wonka: Probably.
Oompa Loompas: Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee doo / I've got a perfect puzzle for you / Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee dee / If you are wise you'll listen to me / What do you get when you guzzle down sweets? / Eating as much as an elephant eats / What are you at getting terribly fat? / What do you think will come of that?/I don't like the look of it / Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee dah / If you're not greedy, you will go far / You will live in happiness, too / Like the Oompa Loompa doo-pa-dee doo / Doo-pa-dee doo.
Veruca Salt: I'm Veruca Salt.
Willy Wonka: My dear Veruca, what a pleasure! And how pretty you look in that lovely mink coat.
Veruca Salt: I've got three others at home!
Willy Wonka: You can suck them and suck them and suck them and they'll never get any smaller. Never!
Willy Wonka: At least I don't think they do. A few more tests.
Mrs. Teevee: Somebody's touching me!
Willy Wonka: Now over here, if you'll follow me, we have something rather special.
Mr. Salt: It's special, all right. I only hope my Veruca doesn't want one!
Charlie: How 'bout this?
Mrs. Bucket: Charlie, where'd you get that?
Grandpa Joe: What difference does it make where he got it? Point is he got it.
Willy Wonka: Oh, yes. Well, I hope you enjoyed yourselves. Excuse me for not showing you out. Straight up the stairs. You'll find the way. I'm terribly busy. Whole day wasted. Goodbye to you both. Goodbye.
Willy Wonka: Oh you can't get out backwards, you have to go forwards to go back.
Willy Wonka: Oh! I wouldn't do that. I really wouldn't.
Grandpa Joe: Good morning. Look at the sun.
First Newscaster: And now, details on the sudden announcement that has captured the attention of entire world. Hidden among the countless billions of Wonka Bars are five gold tickets. And to the five people who find them will come the most fabulous prize one could wish for: a lifetime supply of chocolate. And as if this were not enough, each winner before he receives his prize will be personally escorted through the top secret chocolate factory by the mythical Willy Wonka himself. The amount of chocolate involved in this competition has relighted the imagination to incite candy eaters and all citizens around the world. Already we have reports coming in that the response is phenomenal. Wonka Bars are beginning to disappear from candy store shelves at a rate to boggle the mind. Truly it is incredible the way that Wonkamania has descended upon the globe. While the world searches, we watch and wait, wondering where the pursuit will lead and how long the spirit of man will hold up under the strain.
Stanley Kael, Second Newscaster: We began with five Golden Tickets like five lucky bolts of lightning ready to strike without notice at any point on the map. No one knew where, no one knew when the first one would hit. But as you all know, last night we got our answer. While we in America slept, the first golden ticket was found in the small town of Düsselheim, Germany. We've been waiting several hours for the follow-up story and we're finally ready with a live report.
Mr. Slugworth: I congratulate you, little boy. Well done. You've found the fifth Golden Ticket. May I introduce myself. Arthur Slugworth: President of Slugworth Chocolates, Incorporated. Now, listen carefully because I'm going to make you very rich indeed. Mr. Wonka is at this moment working on a fantastic invention: the Everlasting Gobstopper. If he succeeds, he'll ruin me. So, all I want you to do is to get hold of just one Everlasting Gobstopper and bring it to me so that I can find the secret formula. Your reward will be ten thousand of these.
Mr. Slugworth: Think it over, will you. A new house for your family, and good food and comfort for the rest of their lives. And don't forget the name: Everlasting Gobstopper.
Willy Wonka: Charlie? My boy! YOU'VE WON! YOU DID IT! I KNEW YOU WOULD, CHARLIE! I JUST KNEW YOU WOULD! Oh, Charlie! Forgive me for putting you through it!
Willy Wonka: Come here, Mr. Wilkinson. Charlie? Meet Mr. Wilkinson.
Mr. Wilkinson: It's a pleasure!
Charlie Bucket: SLUGWORTH!
Willy Wonka: NO! NO! NO! That's not Slugworth, He works for me!
Charlie Bucket: For you?
Willy Wonka: I had to test you, Charlie! And you passed the test! You've won!
Grandpa Joe: Won what?
Willy Wonka: The Jackpot, My dear sir! The grand and glorious jackpot!
Charlie Bucket: You mean the chocolate?
Willy Wonka: The chocolate? Oh, Yes! The chocolate! But's just the beginning. We have so much time and so little to do.
Willy Wonka: Wait a minute! Strike that, Reverse it! Thank You!
Willy Wonka: This way, Please! We will take the Wonkavator! Step in, Charlie! Grandpa Joe Sir!
Willy Wonka: This is the great glass Wonkavator!
Grandpa Joe: It's an elevator!
Willy Wonka: It's a Wonkavator. Elevators can only go up and down. But the Wonkavator can go sideways frontways
Charlie Bucket: And backways?
Willy Wonka: Yup roundways, and squareways. Just press the key and Zing! You are there! By now pressed all the keys! Except one! Go ahead, Charlie! Press it!
Charlie Bucket: Me? Okay!
Willy Wonka: There it goes! Not sure where we will be going! Faster, Faster! If we don't get enough speed we will never get the day through!
Charlie Bucket: But where are we going?
Willy Wonka: Up and out!
Grandpa Joe: You really mean it?
Willy Wonka: Yes I do!
Grandpa Joe: But the roof is made out of glass. It's gonna smash into bits and pieces. And we will be cut to ribbons.
Willy Wonka: Probably.
Willy Wonka: HOLD ON, EVERYBODY! HERE IT COMES!
Grandpa Joe: WOW! YOU DID IT, MR. WONKA! CONGRATULATIONS!
Willy Wonka: Get up, Charlie! Take a look!
Charlie Bucket: WOW! The town looks so nice from up here!
Grandpa Joe: We can see our house from down here.
Charlie Bucket: And there's my school.
Willy Wonka: How did you like my chocolate factory, Charlie?
Charlie Bucket: I think it's the best place in the world!
Willy Wonka: I am glad you can say that. Because I am giving to you. Would you mind that?
Grandpa Joe: WHAT? YOU'RE GIVING THE FACTORY TO CHARLIE?
Willy Wonka: I can't go on forever, And I really don't want to try. Who can I trust someone to run the factory when I leave? Not a grown up. Can I?
Charlie: Hi, everybody.
Grandpa Joe: Wake up. Wake up. Charlie's home.
Charlie: Grandpa George. Grandma Georgina. Grandma Josephine. Grandpa Joe.
Charlie: Is this your supper, Grandpa?
Grandpa Joe: Well, it's yours, too, Charlie.
Charlie: I'm fed up with cabbage water. It's not enough.
Grandma Georgina: Charlie!
Grandma Josephine: It's all we have.
Mrs. Bucket: Wait, stop! It says the first of October, that's tomorrow!
Grandpa Joe: Jumping crocodiles, Charlie! We've got a lot to do; Comb your hair, wash your face, polish your shoes and brush your teeth.
Mrs. Bucket: I'll take care of everything, dad.
Grandpa Joe: We don't have too much time.
Charlie: Grandpa? On the way home today, I ran into Mr. Slugworth.
Tinker: Nobody ever goes in and nobody ever comes out!
Mr. Salt: Who said that?
Mr. Beauregarde: What the heck is that?
Grandpa Joe: He's got a whistle.
Veruca Salt: Hey daddy, I want a golden goose!
Charlie: Here we go again.
Willy Wonka: Be sure to bring your family with you. And Charlie, Don't forget about the man suddenly gets everything he ever wanted.
Charlie Bucket: What happened to him?
Willy Wonka: He lived happily ever after.     