
Lt. Morris Schaffer: If I'm not mistaken, that's an army barracks over there.
Major John Smith: No mistake, Lieutenant. This the headquarters of the Wehrmacht Alpenkorps.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Oh, swell. Do you have any other surprises I should know about?
Major John Smith: I thought you knew, Lieutenant. Why do you think we were chosen for his mission as if not to make social contact?
Lt. Morris Schaffer: You mean we're gonna go down there? Mingle with the German Army?
Major John Smith: Of course. Why do you think we're not dressed as German sailors?
Lt. Morris Schaffer: We'll be recognized as strangers.
Major John Smith: Training troops come and go all the time. What are six new faces among 600 new faces?
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Look, Major, this is primarily a British operation. I'm an American. I don't even know why the hell I'm here.
Major John Smith: Lieutenant, you're here because you're an American.
Major John Smith: Lieutenant, in the next 15 minutes we have to create enough confusion to get out of here alive.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Major, right now you got me about as confused as I ever hope to be.
Major John Smith: Broadsword calling Danny Boy.
SS-Sturmbannführer Von Hapen: Strange... I seem to remember... that the cathedral was on the *other* side of the square.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: "Second rate punk," huh?
Major John Smith: All I could think of on the spur of the moment.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Thanks, that makes it even worse.
Major John Smith: Sorry.
Maj. Wilhelm Wilner: Major Wilner speaking. Ja, Colonel.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: Can you describe him?
Maj. Wilhelm Wilner: That will not be necessary. Ask him to show you his right forearm.
Major John Smith: Certainly.
Maj. Wilhelm Wilner: There are two parallel scars, about three centimeters apart.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: The scars are there.
Maj. Wilhelm Wilner: Ask how he get them.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: How did you get those?
Major John Smith: I was born with them.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: He says he was born with them.
Maj. Wilhelm Wilner: That is right. Tell him he's a traitor.
Major John Smith: Tell him he's a renegade.
Maj. Wilhelm Wilner: That is Schmidt! No question about it!
Major John Smith: Nobody leaves here until I come back. Jock, save me some coffee.
Sgt. Jock MacPherson: It'll be cold by then.
Major John Smith: They say that's an advantage. You can't taste cold coffee.
Mary Ellison: I nearly froze to death in that damn plane. Why couldn't you have supplied some hot water bottles or an electrically heated suit? I thought you loved me.
Major John Smith: Can't help what you think.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Look, Major, either you start playing it straight or you can deal me out of this mess. Now we both know that radio operator wasn't killed in any drop. Now with MacPherson dead, there's only five of us left. So either you let me know what's going on or there's only gonna be four.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: You seem to have a lot of women stashed around this country, Major.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Do me a favor, will you? Next time you have one of these things, keep it an all-British operation.
Major John Smith: I'll try, Lieutenant.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: Let me remind you, Major, I'm a colonel in the SS and not a lieutenant who you can frighten with your threats!
SS-Sturmbannführer Von Hapen: Your military rank and position are obvious to me, Colonel, and so are your attempts to discredit me with superiors in Berlin.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: If there is any discredit, you bring it upon yourself. Good night.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: We've got company.
Colonel Wyatt Turner: Some people have a sixth sense. He has a sixth, a seventh and an eighth.
Major John Smith: They say he knew Hitler quite well.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Yeah, I THOUGHT he looked a little nuts.
Major John Smith: Now, General Carnaby, perhaps you'll be good enough to give us your real name, rank and serial number.
Gen. George Carnaby: Cartwright Jones, Corporal, U.S. Army RA 123-025-3964.
Major John Smith: Thank you.
Gen. Rosemeyer: This is preposterous!
Lt. Morris Schaffer: There's a stop and start button.
Major John Smith: See if you can make the motor work.
Major John Smith: In your own idiom, you're a 'punk'. And a pretty second rate punk at that.
Major John Smith: You are going up to the castle tonight as, well, yes as a domestic.
Mary Ellison: How? Naked?
Major John Smith: Not a bad idea, but it's a bit obvious.
Col. Weissner: Attention! We are looking for four or five Alpinekorps deserters from Studguardt. To escape they killed two officers and a guardroom sergeant. They were last known to be heading this way.
Major John Smith: Clever. Very clever indeed.
Col. Weissner: I want all the officers of Drafts 13, 14, and 15 to come forward at once!
Col. Weissner: Check their papers. Check them carefully.
Major John Smith: Well gentlemen... any suggestions?
Major John Smith: Lieutenant?
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Well, I think we'll stand a lot better chance of getting away outside then we will in here.
Major John Smith: Agreed. Gentlemen... see you after the war.
Major John Smith: You're late.
Mary Ellison: One day, I won't come at all.
Vice Admiral Rolland: Security? The word's become a bloody joke!
Major John Smith: That was quick.
Lt. Morris Schaffer: Fear lent him wings, as the saying goes.
Major John Smith: And who might you be, my pretty Alpine rose?
Heidi: Heidi. Stop, Major. I've got important work to do.
Major John Smith: There's no more important work than entertaining the soldiers of the Fatherland. Shall I sing you a song?
Heidi: I hear too much singing.
Heidi: My dear cousin Maria, you came after all.
Heidi: Better lock the door.
SS-Sturmbannführer Von Hapen: Stay where you are! I advise everyone to be perfectly still. Drop your gun, Major. You too, Lieutenant. By the fireplace.
SS-Standartenführer Kramer: Thank God you're here, Major, we're just about...
SS-Sturmbannführer Von Hapen: SIT DOWN, colonel! Everybody remain as he is, until I find out what exactly is going on in here.
Mary Ellison: You must be mad.
Major John Smith: If I wasn't, what would I be doing in this job?
SS-Sturmbannführer Von Hapen: Strange... I seem to remember... that the cathedral was on the other side of the square.
Major John Smith: Let me make myself perfectly understood. If any of you utters a word... I'll kill you all; do you understand?     