
Sundance Kid: Ready?
Butch Cassidy: No, we'll jump.
Sundance Kid: Like hell, we will.
Butch Cassidy: No, it'll be okay. If the water's deep enough and we don't get squished to death, they'll never follow us.
Sundance Kid: How do you know?
Butch Cassidy: Would you make a jump like that if you didn't have to?
Sundance Kid: I have to and I'm not gonna.
Butch Cassidy: Well, we got to. Otherwise, we're dead. We're just gonna have to go back down the same way they come. Come on.
Sundance Kid: Just one clear shot, that's all I want.
Butch Cassidy: Come on.
Sundance Kid: Uh-uh.
Butch Cassidy: We got to!
Sundance Kid: Get away from me.
Butch Cassidy: Why?
Sundance Kid: I wanna fight 'em!
Butch Cassidy: They'll kill us.
Sundance Kid: Maybe.
Butch Cassidy: You wanna die?
Sundance Kid: Do you?
Butch Cassidy: Alright. I'll jump first.
Sundance Kid: Nope.
Butch Cassidy: Then you jump first.
Sundance Kid: No, I said.
Butch Cassidy: What's the matter with you?
Sundance Kid: I can't swim!
Butch Cassidy: Are you crazy? The fall will probably kill ya.
Sundance Kid: OOOOH SHIIIIIT!
Butch Cassidy: Boy, I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
Butch Cassidy: Kid, there's something I ought to tell you. I never shot anybody before.
Sundance Kid: One hell of a time to tell me!
Butch Cassidy: Well, that ought to do it.
Sundance Kid: Think ya used enough dynamite there, Butch?
Butch Cassidy: What happened to the old bank? It was beautiful.
Guard: People kept robbing it.
Butch Cassidy: Small price to pay for beauty.
Butch Cassidy: Kid, the next time I say, "Let's go someplace like Bolivia," let's GO someplace like Bolivia.
Sundance Kid: It's your great ideas that got us into this mess. I never want to hear another one of your great ideas. Ever!
Butch Cassidy: Australia. I thought that secretly you wanted to know so I told you.
Sundance Kid: That's your great idea?
Butch Cassidy: The latest in a long line. We get out of here alive, we go to Australia. Goodbye, Bolivia. Hello to Australia.
Sundance Kid: Australia is no better than here.
Butch Cassidy: That's all you know.
Sundance Kid: Name me one thing.
Butch Cassidy: They speak English in Australia.
Sundance Kid: They do?
Butch Cassidy: That's right, smart guy, so we wouldn't be foreigners. We'd blend in more easily. They got horses in Australia and thousands of miles of countryside that we can hide out in, and good climate. Nice beaches. You can learn to swim.
Sundance Kid: No. Swimming isn't important. What about the banks?
Butch Cassidy: Very easy. Easy, ripe, and luscious.
Sundance Kid: The banks or the women?
Butch Cassidy: Well, once you get one you get the other.
Sundance Kid: But... Australia is quite a long way from here.
Butch Cassidy: Oh, please! Everything with you has got to be perfect!
Sundance Kid: I just don't want to get there and realize that it stinks, that's all.
Butch Cassidy: At least think about it.
Sundance Kid: All right... I'll think about it.
Harvey Logan: Guns or knives?
Butch Cassidy: Neither?
Harvey Logan: Pick!
Butch Cassidy: I don't want to shoot with you, Harvey.
Harvey Logan: Anything you say, Butch.
Butch Cassidy: Maybe there's a way to make a profit in this. Bet on Logan.
Sundance Kid: I would, but who'd bet on you?
Harvey Logan: Sundance, when we're done and he's dead, you're welcome to stay.
Butch Cassidy: Listen, I don't mean to be a sore loser, but when it's done, if I'm dead, kill him.
Sundance Kid: Love to.
Butch Cassidy: No, no, not yet. Not until me and Harvey get the rules straightened out.
Harvey Logan: Rules? In a knife fight? No rules!
Butch Cassidy: Well, if there aint' going to be any rules, let's get the fight started. Someone count. 1,2,3 go.
Sundance Kid: 1,2,3, go!
Flat Nose Curry: I was really rooting for you, Butch.
Butch Cassidy: Well, thank you, Flatnose. That's what sustained me in my time of trouble.
Butch Cassidy: Is that what you call giving cover?
Sundance Kid: Is that what you call running? If I knew you were going to stroll...
Butch Cassidy: Ready? OK, when we get outside and we get to the horses, whatever happens, just remember one thing... hey, wait a minute.
Sundance Kid: What?
Butch Cassidy: You didn't see Lefors out there, did you?
Sundance Kid: Lefors? No.
Butch Cassidy: Oh, good. For a moment there I thought we were in trouble.
Bolivian police commander: ¡Fuego!
Bolivian police commander: ¡Fuego!
Bolivian police commander: ¡Fuego!
Sundance Kid: Hey, what are you doin'?
Butch Cassidy: Stealin' your woman?
Sundance Kid: Take her.
Sundance Kid: Take her.
Butch Cassidy: Well, you're a romantic bastard, I'll give you that.
Sundance Kid: Well, I think I'll get saddled up and go looking for a woman.
Butch Cassidy: Good hunting.
Sundance Kid: Shouldn't take more than a couple of days. I'm not picky. As long as she's smart, pretty, and sweet, and gentle, and tender, and refined, and lovely, and carefree...
Butch Cassidy: Who are those guys?
Butch Cassidy: How many are following us?
Sundance Kid: All of 'em.
Butch Cassidy: All of 'em? What's the matter with those guys?
Butch Cassidy: You know, it could be worse. You get a lot more for your money in Bolivia, I checked on it.
Sundance Kid: What could they have here that you could possibly want to buy?
Butch Cassidy: The future's all yours, you lousy bicycles.
Sundance Kid: You remember the time you and me and Etta went to Denver one summer for a vacation?
Butch Cassidy: I'm glad you brought that up, Kid. That's an important topic, considering our situation.
Sundance Kid: The night we went gambling, you remember?
Butch Cassidy: We had dinner at the hotel. Etta had roast beef and I had chicken, and if I can remember what you had, I'll die a happy man.
Etta Place: Do you know what you're doing?
Butch Cassidy: Theoretically.
Butch Cassidy: I couldn't do that. Could you do that? Why can they do it? Who are those guys?
Butch Cassidy: Manos a... Manos, um...
Butch Cassidy: Manos arriba!
Sundance Kid: They got 'em up! Skip on down.
Butch Cassidy: Arriba!
Sundance Kid: Skip on down!
Butch Cassidy: Todos ustedes "arrismense" a la pared.
Sundance Kid: They're against the wall already!
Butch Cassidy: Donde... Ah, you're so damn smart, You read it!
Sundance Kid: You just keep thinkin', Butch. That's what you're good at.
Butch Cassidy: They'll never follow us.
Sundance Kid: How do you know?
Butch Cassidy: Would you jump if you didn't have to?
Sundance Kid: I have to and I'm not gonna.
Macon: I didn't know you were the Sundance Kid when I said you were cheating. If I draw on you, you'll kill me.
Sundance Kid: There's that possibility.
Butch Cassidy: Jeesh, all Bolivia can't look like this.
Sundance Kid: How do you know? This might be the garden spot of the whole country. People may travel hundreds of miles just to get to this spot where we're standing now. This might be the Atlantic City, New Jersey of all Bolivia for all you know.
Butch Cassidy: Look, I know a lot more about Bolivia than you know about Atlantic City, New Jersey, I can tell you that!
Sundance Kid: Aha! You do, huh? I was born there, I was born in New Jersey. Was brought up there, so...
Butch Cassidy: You're from the east? I didn't know that.
Sundance Kid: The total tonnage of what you don't know is enough to shatter...
Etta Place: I'm not sure we're accomplishing as much as we'd like here.
Sundance Kid: Listen, your job is to back me up, because you'd starve without me. And you, your job is to shut up!
Butch Cassidy: He'll feel a lot better after he's robbed a couple of banks.
Sundance Kid: Bolivia. Hahahaha...
Butch Cassidy: What do you think? I'll bet it's just one guy.
Sundance Kid: Don't you get sick of being right all the time?
Butch Cassidy: If he'd just pay me what he's spending to make me stop robbing him, I'd stop robbing him. You probably inherited every penny you got!
Sundance Kid: What I'm saying is, if you want to go, I won't stop you. But the minute you start to whine or make a nuisance, I don't care where we are, I'm dumping you flat.
Butch Cassidy: Don't sugarcoat it like that, Kid. Tell her straight.
Etta Place: I'm 26, and I'm single, and a school teacher, and that's the bottom of the pit. And the only excitement I've known is here with me now. I'll go with you, and I won't whine, and I'll sew your socks, and I'll stitch you when you're wounded, and I'll do anything you ask of me except one thing. I won't watch you die. I'll miss that scene if you don't mind.
Butch Cassidy: We're going to run out unless we can get to that mule and get some more.
Sundance Kid: I'll go.
Butch Cassidy: This is no time for bravery. I'll let ya!
Butch Cassidy: Do you believe I'm broke already?
Etta Place: Why is there never any money, Butch?
Butch Cassidy: Well, I swear, Etta, I don't know. I've been working like a dog all my life and I can't get a penny ahead.
Etta Place: Sundance says it's because you're a soft touch, and always taking expensive vacations, and buying drinks for everyone, and you're a rotten gambler.
Butch Cassidy: Well that might have something to do with it.
Sheriff Ray Bledsoe: You should have let yourself get killed a long time ago when you had the chance. See, you may be the biggest thing that ever hit this area, but you're still two-bit outlaws. I never met a soul more affable than you, Butch, or faster than the Kid, but you're still nothing but two-bit outlaws on the dodge. It's over, don't you get that? Your times is over and you're gonna die bloody, and all you can do is choose where.
Butch Cassidy: You know, when I was a kid, I always thought I'd grow up to be a hero.
Sundance Kid: Well, it's too late now.
Butch Cassidy: What'd you say that for? You didn't have to say something like that.
Butch Cassidy: Don't ever hit your mother with a shovel. It will leave a dull impression on her mind.
Butch Cassidy: Well, the way I figure it, we can either fight or give. If we give, we go to jail.
Sundance Kid: I've been there already.
Butch Cassidy: We could fight - they'll stay right where they are and starve us out. Or go for position, shoot us. Might even get a rock slide started, get us that way. What else can they do?
Sundance Kid: They could surrender to us, but I wouldn't count on that.
Percy Garris: Can you hit anything?
Sundance Kid: Sometimes.
Etta Place: Butch?
Butch Cassidy: Hmm.
Etta Place: Do you ever wonder if I'd met you first, we'd be the ones to get involved?
Butch Cassidy: But we are involved, Etta. Don't you know that? I mean you are riding on my bicycle - in some Arabian countries that's the same as being married.
Percy Garris: I'm not crazy; I'm just colorful.
Sundance Kid: I wasn't cheating.
Sundance Kid: Look out there!
Butch Cassidy: What?
Sundance Kid: Remember a few years ago when we were at a saloon in Denver? We got to talking to some gambler that night, and he told us about an Indian. A full-blooded Indian, except he called himself by an English name. Sir... somebody.
Butch Cassidy: Lord Baltimore?
Sundance Kid: Lord Baltimore, that's right, and he could track anybody, over anything, day or night.
Butch Cassidy: So?
Sundance Kid: The guy on the ground. I think it's him.
Butch Cassidy: No, Baltimore works out of Oklahoma. He's strictly an Oklahoma man. I don't know where we are, but it sure as Hell isn't Oklahoma. No, it couldn't be him. Couldn't be him.
Sundance Kid: I guess.
Butch Cassidy: Ah, you're wasting your time. They can't track us over rocks.
Sundance Kid: Tell them that.
Butch Cassidy: They're beginning to get on my nerves. Who are those guys?
Sundance Kid: Did you say they were hired permanent?
Etta Place: No, just until they kill you.
Sundance Kid: Which way?
Butch Cassidy: It doesn't matter. I don't know where we've been and I've just been there.
Percy Garris: Oh don't you remember sweet Betsy from Pike / Crossed the high mountains with her lover Ike / Two yoke of oxen and big yellow dog / Called Shanghai rooster and one spotted hog / Hoodle-dang-hootie-i-doh, hoodle-dang-hootie-ay, hoodle-dang-hootie-i-doh, hoodle-dang-hootie-ay / Shanghai ran off and the cattle all died / last piece of bacon that morning was fried...
Butch Cassidy: I think they're in the trees up ahead.
Sundance Kid: In the bushes on the left.
Butch Cassidy: I'm telling you they're in the trees up ahead.
Sundance Kid: You take the trees, I'll take the bushes.
Percy Garris: Will you two beginners cut it out.
Butch Cassidy: Well, we're just trying to spot an ambush, Mr. Garris.
Percy Garris: Morons. I've got morons on my team. Nobody is going to rob us going down the mountain. We have got no money going down the mountain. When we have got the money, on the way back, then you can sweat.
Butch Cassidy: I swear, if Sweetface told me that I rode out of town ten minutes ago, I'd believe him.
Macon: Well, looks like you just about cleaned everybody out, fella. You haven't lost a hand since you got to deal. What's the secret of your success?
Sundance Kid: Prayer.
Butch Cassidy: Once they divide up, we take them, no trouble, right?
Sundance Kid: Maybe.
Butch Cassidy: Boy, for a gunman, you're one hell of a pessimist.
Butch Cassidy: Don't they get tired? Don't they get hungry?
Sundance Kid: They gotta be.
Butch Cassidy: Why don't they slow up? Hell, they could even go faster, at least that'd be a change. They don't even break formation. Do something.
Butch Cassidy: You can't want to get blown up again.
Woodcock: Butch, you know that if it were my money, there is nobody that I would rather have steal it than you. But, you see, I am still in the employment of E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad!
Butch Cassidy: How long before you figure they're not after us?
Sundance Kid: A while longer.
Butch Cassidy: How come you're so talkative?
Sundance Kid: Naturally blabby, I guess.
Sundance Kid: Hey, Butch?
Butch Cassidy: What?
Sundance Kid: They're very good.
Butch Cassidy: What if they don't follow the horse?
Sundance Kid: You're the brains, Butch. Don't worry, you'll think of something.
Butch Cassidy: Who's the best lawman?
Sundance Kid: The best, how? You mean toughest? Or easiest to bribe?
Butch Cassidy: Toughest.
Sundance Kid: Joe Lefors.
Butch Cassidy: Got to be.
Sundance Kid: Lefors never leaves Wyoming, never. You know that.
Butch Cassidy: He always wears a white skimmer. That's how you tell it's Joe Lefors, 'cause he always wears a white straw hat. Look at that guy out front.
Butch Cassidy: Who are those guys?
Large Woman: Start this train!
Sundance Kid: Get back inside there, lady.
Large Woman: Oh, I'm not afraid of you, I'm not afraid of anything! I'm a grandmother and a female and I've got my rights. You can bull all the others, but you can't bull me! I've fought whiskey and I've fought gambling and I can certainly fight you!
Percy Garris: That's what happens when you live 10 years alone in Bolivia: you get colorful...
Butch Cassidy: Move in slowly, check out everything. The thing to remember...
Sundance Kid: Don't tell me how to rob a bank. I know how to rob a bank.
Guard in the 1st Bolivian bank: Buenos dias, seniors. ¿Les puedo servir en algo? Ordenen para atenderlos por favor inmediatamente. ¿Quieren hacer algun deposito? ¿Quieren abrir una cuenta? Bien, el cajero los atienda inmediatamente. Los atendemos por todo.
Butch Cassidy: I can't help you, Sundance.
Butch Cassidy: Boy, you know every time I see Hole-in-the-Wall again, it's like seeing it fresh for the first time. And every time that happens, I keep asking myself the same question: how could I be so damn stupid to keep coming back here?
Sundance Kid: What's your idea this time?
Bolivian cantina owner: El guisado esta delicioso. Para chuparse los dedos. Si quieren mas, es la especialidad de la casa si quieren mas, no tengan pena y diganmelo. Yo estoy aqui para servirles. Agraddezo la visita de tan distinguidos calballeros. Muchas gracias. Para servas.
Butch Cassidy: The Specialty of the House and it's still movin'!
Butch Cassidy: Well we're back in business boys and girls, just like the old days.
Butch Cassidy: My, we seem to be a little short on brotherly love round here.
Macon: If you're with him you better get yourselves out of here.
Sundance Kid: Butch and me have been talking it all over. Wherever the hell Bolivia is, that's where we're off to.
Butch Cassidy: Yeah, we'll go down there and play it safe.
Bike Salesman: Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls... meet... the future!
Sundance Kid: Dynamite's ready, Butch.
Butch Cassidy: You are mine, Etta Place. Mine. You hear me? Mine! All mine! Your soft white flesh is mine. Soft... white... Bleargh.
Percy Garris: Well, ah, considering that I'm desperate, and you are just what i'm looking for, on top of which you stand from the US of A you start tomorrow morning.
Butch Cassidy: Oh, forget it. Bunch like that won't stay together long.
Etta Place: Yes they will, if Mr. Harriman has his way.
Sundance Kid: Who?
Etta Place: Mr. E. H. Harriman of the Union Pacific Railroad. He resents the way you've been picking on him. So he's outfitted a special train and hired special employees. You spent the last couple of days avoiding them. It's really sort of flattering, if you want to think about it that way.
Butch Cassidy: A setup like that cost more than we ever took. That crazy Harriman. That's bad business! How long do you think I'd stay in operation if every time I pulled a job it cost me money? If he'd just pay me what he's spending to make me stop robbing him, I'd stop robbing him!
Butch Cassidy: You probably inherited every penny you got!
Butch Cassidy: I don't enjoy jungles and I don't enjoy swamps. I don't like snakes. I don't much care for night work.
Sundance Kid: Bitch, bitch, bitch.
Butch Cassidy: I don't enjoy jungles and I don't enjoy swamps. I don't like snakes. I don't much care for night work.
Sundance Kid: Bitch, Bitch, Bitch.
Bolivian policeman: Jefe, Ilega el ejercito!
Bolivian police commander: Mi capitan.
Bolivian army officer: ¿Donde estan?
Bolivian police commander: Alli en la plaza.
Bolivian army officer: ¿Cuantos hombres son?
Bolivian police commander: Dos hombres.
Bolivian army officer: ¿Dos hombres?
Bolivian police commander: Mi capitan, por favor...
Bolivian army officer: ¿Dos?
Bolivian police commander: Hay Bandidos Yanquis.
Bolivian army officer: ¿Bandidos Yanquis, huh?
Bolivian police commander: Si, mi capitan.
Bolivian army officer: ¡Sargento Rico! Desmonten veinte hombres y vayan con el teniente.
Juan, Bolivian stable boy: ¡Capitan! ¡Capitan! Capitan, alla en la plaza, hay una mula de las minas de Alpoca.
Bolivian police commander: ¿Las minas de Alpoca?
Juan, Bolivian stable boy: ¡Sí, sí! Alli estan. Dos hombres la acaban de traer. Estan comiendo en el restaurante de mi papa.
Butch Cassidy: You're choking me! You're choking me!     