
Crazy Lee: Well, how'd you like to kiss my sister's black cat's ass?
Pike Bishop: If they move, kill 'em!
Don Jose: We all dream of being a child again, even the worst of us. Perhaps the worst most of all.
Sykes: I didn't expect to find you here.
Deke Thornton: Why not? I sent them back. That's all I said I'd do.
Sykes: They didn't get very far.
Deke Thornton: I figured.
Sykes: What are your plans, now?
Deke Thornton: Drift around down here. Try to stay out of jail.
Sykes: Well, me and the boys got some work to do. You want to come with us? It ain't like it used to be, but it'll do.
Deke Thornton: Tell me, Mr. Harrigan, how does it feel? Getting paid for it? Getting paid to sit back and hire your killings... with the law's arms around you? How does it feel to be so goddamn right?
Harrigan: Good.
Deke Thornton: You dirty son of a bitch!
Dutch Engstrom: They'll be waitin' for us.
Pike Bishop: I wouldn't have it any other way.
Pike Bishop: What would you do in his place? He gave his word.
Dutch Engstrom: He gave his word to a railroad.
Pike Bishop: It's his word.
Dutch Engstrom: That ain't what counts! It's who you give it *to*!
Pike Bishop: We're not gonna get rid of anybody! We're gonna stick together, just like it used to be! When you side with a man, you stay with him! And if you can't do that, you're like some animal, you're finished! *We're* finished! All of us!
Pike Bishop: You know what this is?
Herrera: Cuidado!
Pike Bishop: Any trouble, no guns for the General.
Herrera: Ha, ha-ha-ha-ha. Very smart. That's very smart for you damn gringos. So nobody can rob the guns.
Pike Bishop: Nobody.
Herrera: I am not afraid. They are not afraid. You blow up the wagon, you die. Or we kill you pretty soon. But we are amigos.
Pike Bishop: I'd like to make one good score and back off...
Dutch Engstrom: Back off to what?
Sykes: Say, back there in Starbuck. How'd my boy do?
Pike Bishop: Your boy? Crazy Lee?
Sykes: Yeah, C.L., Clarence Lee, my daughter's boy. Not too bright, but a good boy.
Pike Bishop: Why didn't you tell me he was your grandson?
Sykes: Well, you had enough things on your mind; besides he had to pull his own weight just like the rest of us. I just wanted to make sure he didn't let you down: run when things got hot. Huh? Huh?
Pike Bishop: No, he did fine... just fine.
Deke Thornton: We're after men. And I wish to God I was with them.
Pike Bishop: Let's go!
Lyle Gorch: Why not?
Pike Bishop: Bitch!
Tector Gorch: Silver rings.
Dutch Engstrom: "Silver rings", your butt! Them's washers! Damn!
Lyle Gorch: Washers. Washers. We shot our way out of that town for a dollar's worth of steel holes!
Pike Bishop: They set it up.
Lyle Gorch: "They"? Who in the hell is "they?"
Sykes: "They"? Why, they is the plain and fancy they, that's who "they" is! Caught you, didn't they? Tied a tin can to your tail. Led you in and waltzed you out again. Oh my, what a bunch! Big tough ones, hunh? Here you are with a handful of holes, a thumb up your ass, and a big grin to pass the time of day with. They? Who the hell is "they?"
Pike Bishop: Railroad men... bounty hunters... Deke Thornton.
Angel: Would you give guns to someone to kill your father or your mother or your brother?
Pike Bishop: Ten thousand cuts an awful lot of family ties.
Angel: My people have no guns. But with guns, my people could fight! If I could take guns... I would go with you.
Dutch Engstrom: Hey, uh, how many cases of rifles did Zamora say was in that shipment?
Pike Bishop: Sixteen.
Dutch Engstrom: Well, give him one.
Pike Bishop: All right. One case... and one case of ammo; but you give up your share of the gold.
Angel: I will.
Pike Bishop: We know you will.
Sykes: I'm sure glad we got that settled.
Pike Bishop: C'mon, you lazy bastard.
Dutch Engstrom: At least we won't have to worry about Deke Thornton.
Pike Bishop: Hell, no; not after ridin' a half a case of dynamite into the river!
Sykes: Well, don't expect him to stay there! He'll be along... and you know it!
Crazy Lee: I kill 'em now?
Pike Bishop: No. Hold them here until the shooting starts.
Crazy Lee: I'll hold 'em here 'til Hell freezes over or you say different.
Deke Thornton: You think Pike and old Sykes haven't been watchin' us. They know what this is all about - and what do I have? Nothin' but you egg-suckin', chicken stealing gutter trash with not even sixty rounds between you. We're after men - and I wish to God I was with them. The next time you make a mistake, I'm going to ride off and let you die.
Pike Bishop: You boys want to move on or stay here and give him a... decent burial?
Tector Gorch: He was a good man, and I think we oughta bury him.
Pike Bishop: He's DEAD! And he's got a lot of good men back there to keep him company!
Lyle Gorch: Too damn many!
Dutch Engstrom: I think the boys are right. I'd like to say a few words for the dear, dead departed. And maybe a few hymns'd be in order. Followed by a church supper. With a choir!
Lyle Gorch: You crazy bastards! Both of ya!
Crazy Lee: Feathers flew like a turkey! Well, they shouldn't have run; they shouldn't have run.
Pike Bishop: Sharin' up will be the same as always.
Lyle Gorch: Well, me and Tector don't think that he
Lyle Gorch: oughtta get the same amount. He's just startin' out and this is mine and Tector's openin' for a new territory!
Tector Gorch: That's right, and I figure a share to that old goat
Tector Gorch: for watchin' them horses is damn sure a share too much!
Lyle Gorch: So, we decided; it ain't fair.
Pike Bishop: If you two boys don't like equal shares, why in the hell don't you just take *all* of it?
Pike Bishop: Well, why don't you *answer* me, you damn yellow-livered trash?
Lyle Gorch: Now, Pike, you know damn well...
Pike Bishop: I don't know a damn thing, except I either *lead* this bunch, or end it *right now*!
Pike Bishop: There was a man named Harrigan. Used to have a way of doin' things. I made him change his ways. A hell of a lot of people, Dutch, just can't stand to be wrong.
Dutch Engstrom: Pride.
Pike Bishop: And they can't forget it... that pride... being wrong. Or learn by it
Dutch Engstrom: How 'bout us, Pike? You reckon we learned - bein' wrong, today?
Pike Bishop: I sure hope to God we did.
Mohr: It would be very useful for us if we knew of some Americans who did not share their government's naive sentiments.
Pike Bishop: Well, we share very few sentiments with our government.
Pike Bishop: Let's go.
Dutch Engstrom: Pike; "I wouldn't have it any other way", *either*!
Lyle Gorch: All your fancy plannin' and talkin' damn near got us shot to pieces over a few lousy bags of washers. Well, this was goin' to be me and Tector's last job before we quit and headed south. We spent all our time and money a-gettin' ready for this!
Pike Bishop: You spent all your time and money runnin' whores in Hondo while I spent my stake settin' it up.
Pike Bishop: Hell, I should have been runnin' whores instead of stealin' Army horses.
Lyle Gorch: While you was doin' all that plannin', me and Tector was gettin' our bell rope pulled by two... two, mind you, Hondo whores!
Dutch Engstrom: And Pike was dreamin' of washers... you were matching whores... in tandem!
Lyle Gorch: What's that?
Tector Gorch: That's one behind t'other.
Lyle Gorch: That's right! That's what we was doin'!
Dutch Engstrom: Well, I'd say those fellas know how to handle themselves!
Sykes: They been fightin' Apaches for a thousand years; That's a sure way to learn.
Pike Bishop: They ever get armed, with good leaders, this whole country'll go up in smoke!
Sykes: That it will son, that it will.
Lyle Gorch: They made damn fools out of us, Mr. Bishop! Gettin' so a feller can't sleep with both eyes closed for fear of gettin' his throat cut. Where in hell were you?
Tector Gorch: Now you listen to me, Lyle - You get up off your ass and help once in a while, I wouldn'a got caught near s'easy.
Deke Thornton: What I like and what I need are two different things.
Coffer: I can nail him!
Deke Thornton: I said wait!
T.C.: What if they slip out the back?
Coffer: It's covered, ya two-bit, redneck peckerwood!
Dutch Engstrom: What's our next move?
Pike Bishop: Well, I figure Agua Verde's the closest... three days maybe. Then get the news and drift back to the border. Maybe a payroll, maybe a bank.
Dutch Engstrom: Maybe that damn railroad.
Tector Gorch: That damn railroad you're talkin' about, sure as hell ain't a-gettin' no easier.
Sykes: And you boys ain't gettin' any younger either!
Pike Bishop: We've got to start thinking beyond our guns. Those days are closin' fast.
Coffer: Mr Thornton; you, ah, rode with Pike, what kinda man we up against?
Deke Thornton: The best. He never got caught.
Pike Bishop: With the way the Generalissimo's cleaned out this part of the country, he ought to have a lot
Pike Bishop: to spare.
Dutch Engstrom: Eh, "Generalissimo", hell! He's just another bandit grabbin' all he can for himself.
Pike Bishop: Like some others I could mention?
Dutch Engstrom: Not so's you'd know it, Mr. Bishop. We ain't nothin' like him! We don't HANG nobody! I hope, someday, these people here kick him, and the rest of that scum like him, right into their graves.
Angel: We will. If it takes forever.
Lyle Gorch: Hey, Angel! Why don't you tell your folks to feed them dogs?
Angel: Any insult to my family while we are here and I will kill you!
Lyle Gorch: Hey, Angel; do you have a sister?
Angel: Si!
Lyle Gorch: I'd be pleased to make her acquaintance. And that of your mama too!
Tector Gorch: And the same goes for your grandma, too Sonny!
Ross: Whoeee! If Jess is waitin' for the buzzards to lead him to old Sykes, he's got a long wait! Looks like we got 'em all!
Coffer: T.C.! Look! It's the Gorchs, Engstrom, and look, here's Pike. You don't look like so much now, do you Mr. Pike?
Coffer: It's them, Mr. Thornton. Shall we load 'em up?
T.C.: Ain't we goin' to wait on Jess?
Coffer: No, no, no! These boys'll start goin' ripe on us before too long!
Dutch Engstrom: In the ravine south of here, you'll find the rest of the rifles in the wagon. You can have the wagon, we'll take the horses.
Maj. Zamorra: How many cases of rifles did you take from the train?
Dutch Engstrom: Sixteen cases of rifles. We lost one on the trail
Gen. Mapache: He stole it. The mother of the girl he killed told me so.
Dutch Engstrom: Well, I'm wasting time here, adios.
Gen. Mapache: Y Angel?
Dutch Engstrom: He's a thief; you take care of him.
Gen. Mapache: Bueno; adios gringo.
Harrigan: And who the hell is Mapache?
Deke Thornton: A killer for Huerta who calls himself a general. He's been fighting Villa, and losing.
Angel: Mexico lindo.
Lyle Gorch: I don't see nothin' so lindo about it.
Ernst: I don't care what you *meant* to do- it's what you *did* that I don't like!
Dutch Engstrom: Give 'em hell Pike!
Deke Thornton: Harrigan! Next time, you better plan your massacre more carefully or I'll start with you!
Pike Bishop: You know what we are then?
Don Jose: Si, the both of you!
Pike Bishop: And you!
Ross: Whoo-ee! This is better than a hog-killing!
Rev. Wainscoat: Do not drink wine or strong drink, thou, nor thy sons with thee, least ye shall die. Look not though upon the wine when it is red, and when it bringeth his color in the cup, when it moveth itself aright at the last, it biteth like a serpent and stingeth like an adder. Now folks, that's from the Good Book, but in this here town it's five cents a glass. Five cents a glass, now does anyone think that that is a price of a drink?
Pike Bishop: Now, with your permission, I need a bath.
Ernst: With my permission, I think you all need a bath.
Paymaster: I don't care what you *meant* to do- it's what you *did* that I don't like!
Sykes: I'll drink to that sentiment. And to love. But most of all, I'll drink to gold!
Dutch Engstrom: No! Pike! Pike! Pike. Pike... Pike.
T.C.: My first shot killed this man right here!
Coffer: Liar!
Coffer: He was shooting that man full of holes while I was dropping this bandit! And them others too. Why, I must have killed all 3 of them.
T.C.: You musta killed all 3 of 'em? What do you think we's doin' up on that roof while you was poppin'...
Coffer: Liar! Black liar!
T.C.: You shouldn't talk like that to me.
Coffer: I'm sorry, T.C. Come on, help me get his boots.
Harrigan: You stupid damned fools. Why did you shoot this employee and let the others get away?
T.C.: I didn't! My first shot killed this man right here!
Coffer: Liar! He shot that employee while I dropped this bandit and them others too. I must've killed all three of them.
T.C.: What were we doing up on that roof?
Coffer: Liar! Liar! Black Liar!
T.C.: Don't talk like that to me.
Coffer: I'm sorry. Come on T. C. , help me get his boots.
T.C.: I think this will do pretty good.
Deke Thornton: Harrigan! Next time, plan a massacre more carefully, or I'll start with you.
Harrigan: Why didn't you kill Pike when you had the chance?     