
Michael: My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.
Kay Adams: Do you know how naive you sound, Michael? Presidents and senators don't have men killed.
Michael: Oh. Who's being naive, Kay?
Johnny Fontane: I don't know what to do, Godfather. My voice is weak, it's weak. Anyway, if I had this part in the picture, it puts me right back on top, you know. But this... this man out there. He won't give it to me, the head of the studio.
Don Corleone: What's his name?
Don Corleone: Woltz. He said there's no chance, no chance...
Johnny Fontane: A month ago he bought the rights to this book, a best seller. The main character is a guy just like me. I wouldn't even have to act, just be myself. Oh, Godfather, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do...
Don Corleone: YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN!
Don Corleone: What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous!
Don Corleone: Tell me, do you spend time with your family?
Johnny Fontane: Sure I do.
Don Corleone: Good. Because a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.
Don Corleone: You look terrible. I want you to eat, I want you to rest well. And a month from now this Hollywood big shot's gonna give you what you want.
Johnny Fontane: Too late. They start shooting in a week.
Don Corleone: I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Okay? I want you to leave it all to me. Go on, go back to the party.
Peter Clemenza: Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.
Michael: Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry.
Kay Adams: Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane!
Michael: Sure, you want to meet him?
Kay Adams: Well, yeah! Sure.
Michael: My father helped him with his career.
Kay Adams: How did he do that?
Michael: ...Let's listen to the song.
Kay Adams: Tell me, Michael. Please.
Michael: Well, when Johnny was first starting out, he was signed to a personal services contract with this big-band leader. And as his career got better and better, he wanted to get out of it. But the band leader wouldn't let him. Now, Johnny is my father's godson. So my father went to see this bandleader and offered him $10,000 to let Johnny go, but the bandleader said no. So the next day, my father went back, only this time with Luca Brasi. Within an hour, he had a signed release for a certified check of $1000.
Kay Adams: How did he do that?
Michael: My father made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
Kay Adams: What was that?
Michael: Luca Brasi held a gun to his head, and my father assured him that either his brains or his signature would be on the contract.
Kay Adams: ...
Michael: ...That's a true story.
Michael: That's my family Kay, that's not me.
Calo: In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.
Michael: All right. This one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs.
Kay Adams: Is it true? Is it?
Michael: No.
Kay Adams: I guess we both need a drink, huh?
Clemenza: Don Corleone.
Don Corleone: We have known each other many years, but this is the first time you've come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is godmother to your only child. But let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship. And you feared to be in my debt.
Bonasera: I didn't want to get into trouble.
Don Corleone: I understand. You found paradise in America. You had a good trade, you made a good living. The police protected you and there were courts of law. So you didn't need a friend like me. Now you come and say "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me "Godfather." You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money.
Bonasera: I ask you for justice.
Don Corleone: That is not justice. Your daughter is alive.
Bonasera: Let them suffer then as she suffers.
Bonasera: How much shall I pay you?
Don Corleone: Bonasera, Bonasera, what have I ever done to make you treat me so disrespectfully? If you'd come to me in friendship, this scum who ruined your daughter would be suffering this very day. And if by some chance an honest man like yourself made enemies they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you.
Bonasera: Be my friend... Godfather.
Don Corleone: Good.
Don Corleone: Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, consider this justice a gift on my daughter's wedding day.
Don Corleone: Give this job to Clemenza. I want reliable people, people who aren't going to be carried away. I mean, we're not murderers, in spite of what this undertaker thinks...
Michael: My credit good enough to buy you out?
Moe Greene: Buy me out?
Michael: The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out.
Moe Greene: The Corleone Family wants to buy me out? No, I buy you out, you don't buy me out.
Michael: Your casino loses money, maybe we can do better.
Moe Greene: You think I'm skimmin off the top, Mike?
Michael: You're unlucky.
Moe Greene: You goddamn guineas you really make me laugh. I do you a favor and take Freddie in when you're having a bad time, and now you're gonna try and push me out!
Michael: You took Freddie in because the Corleone Family bankrolled your casino, and the Molinari Family on the Coast guaranteed his safety. Now we're talking business, let's talk business.
Moe Greene: Yeah, let's talk business, Mike. First of all, you're all done. The Corleone Family don't even have that kind of muscle anymore. The Godfather's sick, right? You're getting chased out of New York by Barzini and the other Families. What do you think is going on here? You think you can come to my hotel and take over? I talked to Barzini - I can make a deal with him, and still keep my hotel!
Michael: Is that why you slapped my brother around in public?
Fredo: Aw, now that, that was nothin', Mike. Moe didn't mean nothin' by that. Yeah, sure he flies off the handle every once in a while, but me and him, we're good friends, right Moe?
Moe Greene: I got a business to run. I gotta kick asses sometimes to make it run right. We had a little argument, Freddy and me, so I had to straighten him out.
Michael: You straightened my brother out?
Moe Greene: He was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time! Players couldn't get a drink at the table! What's the matter with you?
Michael: I leave for New York tomorrow, think about a price.
Moe Greene: Sonofabitch! Do you know who I am? I'm Moe Greene! I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders!
Fredo: Wait a minute, Moe, Moe, I got an idea. Tom, you're the Consiglieri and you can talk to the Don, you can explain...
Tom Hagen: Now hold it right there. The Don is semi-retired and Mike is in charge of the Family business now. If you have anything to say, say it to Michael.
Fredo: Mike! You do not come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like Moe Greene like that!
Michael: Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever.
Tom Hagen: Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship.
Jack Woltz: Tell your boss he can ask for anything else, but this is one favour I can't grant him.
Tom Hagen: Mr. Corleone never asks a second favor once he's refused the first, understood?
Jack Woltz: You don't understand. Johnny Fontane never gets that movie. That part is perfect for him. It'll make him a big star. I'm gonna run him out of the movies. And let me tell you why. Johnny Fontane ruined one of Woltz International's most valuable proteges. For three years we had her under contract, singing lessons, dancing lessons, acting lessons. I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. I was gonna make her a big star. And let me be even more frank, just to show you that I'm not a hard-hearted man, that it's not all dollars and cents. She was beautiful! She was young, she was innocent. She was the greatest piece of ass I've ever had, and I've had 'em all over the world. And then Johnny Fontaine comes along with his olive oil voice and guinea charm and she runs off. She threw it all away just to make me look ridiculous. And a man in my position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. Now you get the hell out of here! And if that goomba tries any rough stuff, you tell him I ain't no bandleader. Yeah, I heard that story.
Tom Hagen: Thank you for the dinner and a very pleasant evening. Have your car take me to the airport. Mr Corleone is a man who insists on hearing bad news at once.
Sollozzo: I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense.
Sollozzo: Bene, Don Corleone. I need a man who has powerful friends. I need a million dollars in cash. I need, Don Corleone, all of those politicians that you carry around in your pocket, like so many nickels and dimes.
Don Corleone: What is the interest for my family?
Sollozzo: Thirty percent. In the first year your end should be three, four million dollars. And then it would go up.
Don Corleone: And what is the interest for the Tattalgia family?
Sollozzo: My compliments.
Sollozzo: I'll take care of the Tattaglias, out of my share.
Don Corleone: So, I am to receive thirty percent for finance, for legal protection and political influence. Is that what you're telling me?
Sollozzo: That's right.
Don Corleone: Why come to me? What have I done to deserve such generosity?
Sollozzo: If you consider a million dollars in cash merely finance...
Sollozzo: Te salut, Don Corleone.
Don Corleone: I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man, to be treated with respect. But I must say no to you and let me give you my reasons. It's true I have a lot of friends in politics, but they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice. But drugs, that's a dirty business.
Sollozzo: No, Don Corleone...
Don Corleone: It makes no difference, it don't make any difference to me what a man does for a living, you understand. But your business is a little dangerous.
Sollozzo: If you're worried about security for your million, the Tattaglias will guarantee it.
Sonny: Whoa, now, you're telling me that the Tattaglias guarantee our investment without...?
Don Corleone: Wait a minute.
Don Corleone: I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. Anyway, Signor Sollozzo, my no to you is final. I want to congratulate you on your new business and I'm sure you'll do very well and good luck to you. Especially since your interests don't conflict with mine. Thank you.
Don Corleone: Santino, come here.
Don Corleone: What's the matter with you? I think your brain is going soft with all that comedy you are playing with that young girl. Never tell anyone outside the Family what you are thinking again. Go on.
Sonny: What the hell is this?
Clemenza: It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.
Don Corleone: You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?
Bonasera: I believe in America. America has made my fortune. And I raised my daughter in the American fashion. I gave her freedom but I taught her never to dishonor her family. She found a "boy friend," not an Italian. She went to the movies with him. She stayed out late. I didn't protest. Two months ago he took her for a drive, with another boy friend. They made her drink whiskey and then they tried to take advantage of her. She resisted. She kept her honor. So they beat her. Like an animal. When I went to the hospital her nose was broken. Her jaw was shattered, held together by wire. She couldn't even weep because of the pain. But I wept. Why did I weep? She was the light of my life. A beautiful girl. Now she will never be beautiful again.
Bonasera: Sorry...
Bonasera: I went to the police, like a good American. These two boys were brought to trial. The judge sentenced them to three years in prison, and suspended the sentence. Suspended sentence! They went free that very day! I stood in the courtroom like a fool, and those two bastards, they smiled at me. Then I said to my wife, "For justice, we must go to Don Corleone."
Don Corleone: Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first?
Bonasera: What do you want of me? Tell me anything. But do what I beg you to do.
Don Corleone: What is that?
Don Corleone: That I cannot do.
Bonasera: I will give you anything you ask!
Sonny: What's the matter? Huh? What's the matter?
Connie: It was my fault!
Sonny: Where is he?
Connie: Sonny, please. Sonny, it was my fault. It was my fault. I started a fight with him. Please, Sonny...
Sonny: Okay... I'm just going to get a doctor to come down and take a look at you.
Connie: Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything.
Sonny: What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born?
Sonny: All right?
Don Corleone: Oh, I want you to arrange to have a telephone man check all the calls going in and out of here because it could be anyone...
Michael: I did that already, Pop. I took care of that.
Don Corleone: Oh, that's right. I forgot.
Michael: What's the matter? What's bothering you? I'll handle it. I told you I can handle it, I'll handle it.
Don Corleone: I knew Santino was going to have to go through all this and Fredo... well, Fredo was... But I, I never wanted this for you. I work my whole life, I don't apologize, to take care of my family. And I refused to be a fool dancing on the strings held by all of those big shots. That's my life, I don't apologize for that. But I always thought that when it was your time, that you would be the one to hold the strings. Senator Corleone, Governor Corleone, something.
Michael: Another pezzonovante.
Don Corleone: Well, there wasn't enough time, Michael. There just wasn't enough time.
Michael: We'll get there, Pop. We'll get there.
Don Corleone: I hope you don't mind the way I keep going over this Barzini business.
Michael: No, not at all.
Don Corleone: It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men.
Don Corleone: Give me a drop.
Don Corleone: My wife is crying upstairs. I hear cars coming to the house. Consigliore of mine, I think it's time you told your Don what everyone seems to know.
Tom Hagen: I didn't tell Mama anything. I was just about to come up and wake you so that I could tell you.
Don Corleone: But you needed a drink first.
Don Corleone: And now you've had your drink.
Tom Hagen: They shot Sonny on the causeway. He's dead.
Don Corleone: I want no inquiries made. I want no acts of vengeance. I want you to arrange a meeting with the heads of the Five Families. This war stops now.
Clemenza: It's as cold as they come, impossible to trace. So you don't have to worry about prints, Mike. I put a special tape on the trigger and the butt. Here, try it...
Clemenza: What's the matter, trigger too tight?
Michael: Ow! My ears.
Clemenza: Yeah, I left it noisy. That way it scares any pain-in-the-ass innocent bystanders away. All right, you shot them both, now what do you do?
Michael: Sit down and finish my dinner.
Clemenza: Come on, kid, don't fool around. Just let your hand drop to your side and the gun slip out. Everyone will still think you've got it. They're gonna be staring at your face, Mike. So walk out of the place real fast, but you don't run. Don't look nobody directly in the eye, hut don't look away either. They're gonna be scared of you, believe me, so don't worry about nothing.
Clemenza: You know, Mike, you're gonna turn out all right. You take a long vacation, nobody knows where, and we'll catch the hell.
Michael: How bad do you think it's gonna be?
Clemenza: Pretty goddam bad. Probably all the other Families will line up against us. That's all right. These things gotta happen every five years or so, ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. Been ten years since the last one. You know, you gotta stop them at the beginning. Like they should have stopped Hitler at Munich, they should never let him get away with that, they was just asking for trouble.
Clemenza: You know, Mike, we was all proud of you being a hero and all. Your father too.
Luca Brasi: Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child.
Don Corleone: You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you, or my boy to me? I forgo the vengeance of my son. But I have selfish reasons. My youngest son was forced to leave this country because of this Sollozzo business. All right, now I have to make arrangements to bring him back here safely cleared of all these false charges. But I'm a superstitious man, and if some unlucky accident should befall him... if he should be shot in the head by a police officer, or if he should hang himself in his jail cell, or if he's struck by a bolt of lightning, then I'm going to blame some of the people in this room, and that I do not forgive. But, that aside, let me say that I swear, on the souls of my grandchildren, that I will not be the one to break the peace we have made here today.
Sonny: Niggers havin' a real good time up in Harlem...
Carlo Rizzi: I knew that was going to happen as soon as they tasted the big money.
Connie: Papa never talked about business in front of the kids.
Carlo Rizzi: Shut up, Connie.
Sonny: Hey, don't you EVER tell her to shut up, you got that?
Mama Corleone: Santino, don't interfere.
Carlo Rizzi: Sonny, Tom, I'd like to talk to you after dinner. I think I can do a lot more for this family...
Sonny: We don't discuss business at the table.
Sonny: Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright?
Clemenza: The gun'll be there.
Tom Hagen: When I meet with Tattaglia's men, should I insist all their drug middlemen have clean records?
Don Corleone: Mention it, don't insist. But Barzini will know that without being told.
Tom Hagen: You mean Tattaglia...
Don Corleone: Tattaglia is a pimp. He never could have outfought Santino. But I didn't know until this day that it was Barzini all along.
Michael: Just lie here, Pop. I'll take care of you now. I'm with you now. I'm with you.
Don Corleone: Listen, whoever comes to you with this Barzini meeting, he's the traitor. Don't forget that.
Michael Corleone: Who are you?
Enzo the Baker: I am Enzo. The baker. Do you remember me?
Michael Corleone: Enzo...
Enzo the Baker: Yes, Enzo.
Michael Corleone: You better get out of here, Enzo, there's gonna be trouble.
Enzo the Baker: If there is trouble, I stay here to help you. For your father. For your father.
Tom Hagen: I have to get back to work. It's part of the wedding. No Sicilian can ever refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.
Don Corleone: Call Bonasera. We need him now.
Tom Hagen: This is Tom Hagen, calling for Vito Corleone at his request. Now, you owe your Don a service. He has no doubt that you will repay him. In one hour he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help. Be there to greet him.
Don Corleone: Well, my friend, are you ready to do me this service?
Bonasera: Yes. What do you want me to do?
Don Corleone: I want you to use all your powers, and all your skills. I don't want his mother to see him this way.
Don Corleone: Look how they massacred my boy...
Tom Hagen: Sollozo is known as the Turk. He's supposed to be very good with a knife. But only in matters of business, or of some sort of reasonable complaint. His business is narcotics. He has the fields in Turkey, where they grow the poppy. In Sicily he has the plant to process it into heroin. He needs cash and he needs protection from the police for which he gives a piece of the action, I couldn't find out how much. The Tattaglia Family is behind him here in New York so they have to be in it for something.
Don Corleone: What about his prison record?
Tom Hagen: Two terms, one in Italy, and one here. He's known as a top narcotics man.
Don Corleone: Santino, what do you think?
Sonny: There's a lot of money in that white powder.
Don Corleone: Tom?
Tom Hagen: Well, I say yes. There is more money potential in narcotics than anything else we're looking at now. If we don't get into it, somebody else will, maybe one of the Five Families, maybe all of them. And with the money they earn they'll be able to buy more police and political power. Then they come after us. Right now we have the unions and we have the gambling and those are the best things to have. But narcotics is a thing of the future. If we don't get a piece of that action we risk everything we have. Not now, but ten years from now.
Sonny: Well, what's your answer gonna be, Pop?
Michael Corleone: Where does it say that you can't kill a cop?
Tom Hagen: Come on, Mikey...
Michael Corleone: Tom, wait a minute. I'm talking about a cop that's mixed up in drugs. I'm talking about a - a - a dishonest cop - a crooked cop who got mixed up in the rackets and got what was coming to him. That's a terrific story. And we have newspaper people on the payroll, don't we, Tom?
Michael Corleone: And they might like a story like that.
Tom Hagen: They might, they just might.
Michael Corleone: It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business.
Tessio: Barzini's people chisle my territory and we do nothing about it. Pretty soon there won't be anyplace in Brooklyn that I can hang my hat.
Michael: Try and be patient.
Clemenza: I'm not asking for help, Mike, just take off the handcuffs.
Michael: Be patient.
Clemenza: We gotta protect ourselves. At least give me the chance to recruit some new men.
Michael: No. I don't want to give Barzini any excuse to start fighting.
Tessio: Mike, you're wrong.
Clemenza: Don Corleone, you once said the day would come when me and Tessio could form our own families. Until today I would never think of such a thing but now I must ask your permission.
Don Corleone: Well, Michael's head of the family now and if give his permission then you have my blessing.
Michael: After we make the move to Nevada you can break off from the Corleone Family and go off on your own. After we make the move to Nevada.
Clemenza: How long will that take?
Michael: Six months.
Tessio: Forgive me, Godfather, but with you gone me and Pete will come under Barzini's thumb sooner or later.
Clemenza: And I hate that Goddamn Barzini. In six months time there won't be nothin' left to build on.
Don Corleone: Do you have faith in my judgement?
Clemenza: Yes.
Don Corleone: Do I have your loyalty?
Clemenza: Yes, always Godfather.
Don Corleone: Then be a friend to Michael. Do as he says.
Michael: There are negotiations being made that are going to answer all of your questions and solve all of your problems. That's all I can tell you right now. Carlo, you grew up in Nevada. When we make our move there you're going to be my right hand man. Tom Hagen is no longer Consigliari. He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas. That's no reflection on Tom it's just the way I want it. Besides, if I ever help who's a better Consigliari than my father. That's it.
Tom Hagen: Mike, why am I out?
Michael: You're not a wartime Consigliari, Tom. Things could get rough with the move we're making.
Don Corleone: Tom, I advised Michael. I never thought you were a bad Consigliari. I thought Santino was a bad Don, rest in peace. Michael has all my confidence as do you. But there are reasons why you must have nothing to do with what's going to happen.
Tom Hagen: Maybe I could help.
Michael: You're out, Tom.
Don Zaluchi: I also don't believe in drugs. For years I paid my people extra so they wouldn't do that kind of business. Somebody comes to them and says, "I have powders; if you put up three, four thousand dollar investment, we can make fifty thousand distributing." So they can't resist. I want to control it as a business, to keep it respectable.
Don Zaluchi: I don't want it near schools! I don't want it sold to children! That's an infamia. In my city, we would keep the traffic in the dark people, the coloreds. They're animals anyway, so let them lose their souls.
Michael: You have to answer for Santino, Carlo. You fingered Sonny for the Barzini people.
Carlo Rizzi: Mike, you got it all wrong.
Michael: Ah, that little farce you played with my sister. You think that would fool a Corleone?
Carlo Rizzi: Mike, I'm innocent. I swear on the kids.
Michael: Sit down.
Carlo Rizzi: Please don't do this to me, Mike. Please don't.
Michael: Barzini is dead. So is Phillip Tattaglia. Moe Greene. Stracci. Cuneo. Today I settled all family business so don't tell me that you're innocent. Admit what you did.
Michael: Get him a drink. Don't be afraid, Carlo. Come on, you think I'd make my sister a widow? I'm Godfather to your son.
Michael: Go ahead. Drink. Drink. No, you're out of the family business, that's your punishment. You're finished. I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas. Tom?
Michael: I want you to stay there, you understand?
Michael: Only don't tell me that you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and it makes me very angry. Now, who approached you first? Barzini or Tattaglia?
Carlo Rizzi: It was Barzini.
Michael: Good. There's a car outside that will take you to the airport. I'll call your wife and tell her what flight you're on.
Carlo Rizzi: Listen, Mike...
Michael: Go on. Get out of my sight.
Jack Woltz: All right, start talking!
Tom Hagen: I come from a personal friend of Mr Johnny Fontane. That friend promises his undying friendship if you would do him a small favour.
Jack Woltz: What's that?
Tom Hagen: Give Johnny a part in that war movie you're starting next week.
Jack Woltz: And what favours does this friend promise in exchange for giving Johnny the part?
Tom Hagen: You've got some labour trouble coming up. My client promises to make that trouble disappear. You have a top star who makes a lot of money, but he just graduated from marijuana to heroin...
Jack Woltz: Are you trying to muscle me?
Tom Hagen: Absolutely not. I've come to ask a service for a friend...
Jack Woltz: Now you listen to me, you smooth-talking son-of-a-bitch, let me lay it on the line for you and your boss, whoever he is! Johnny Fontane will never get that movie! I don't care how many dago guinea wop greaseball goombahs come out of the woodwork!
Tom Hagen: I'm German-Irish.
Jack Woltz: Well, let me tell you something, my kraut-mick friend, I'm gonna make so much trouble for you, you won t know what hit you!
Tom Hagen: Mr. Woltz, I'm a lawyer. I have not threatened you.
Jack Woltz: I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you?
Tom Hagen: I have a special practice. I handle one client. Now you have my number, I'll wait for your call. By the way, I admire your pictures very much.
Jack Woltz: Check him out...
Willi Cicci: Sal... Tom... the boss says he'll come in a separate car. He says for you two to go on ahead.
Tessio: Hell, he can't do that; that screws up all my arrangements.
Willi Cicci: Well, that's what he said.
Tom Hagen: I can't go with you either, Tessio.
Tessio: Tell Mike it was only business. I always liked him.
Tom Hagen: He understands that.
Willi Cicci: Excuse me, Sally.
Tessio: Can you get me off the hook, Tom? For old times' sake?
Tom Hagen: Can't do it, Sally.
Sollozzo: I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here.
Michael: What I want... what's most important to me is that I have a guarantee: no more attempts on my father's life.
Sollozzo: What guarantees could I give you, Mike? I'm the hunted one. I've missed my chance. You think too much of me, kid. I am not that clever. All I want is a truce.
Michael: I have to go to the bathroom. Is that all right?
Capt. McCluskey: You gotta go, you gotta go.
Capt. McCluskey: I frisked him. He's clean.
Sollozzo: Don't take too long...
Capt. McCluskey: I frisked a thousand young punks.
Sonny: Hey, whaddya gonna do, nice college boy, eh? Didn't want to get mixed up in the Family business, huh? Now you wanna gun down a police captain. Why? Because he slapped ya in the face a little bit? Hah? What do you think this is the Army, where you shoot 'em a mile away? You've gotta get up close like this and - bada-BING! - you blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit. C'mere...
Michael: Sonny...
Sonny: You're taking this very personal. Tom, this is business and this man is taking it very, very personal.
Clemenza: Mikey, why don't you tell that nice girl you love her? I love you with all-a my heart, if I don't see-a you again soon, I'm-a gonna die.
Michael: Some people will pay a lot of money for that information; but then your daughter would lose a father, instead of gaining a husband.
Sonny: Tom-anuch! Hey, a hundred button men on the street twenty-four hours a day. That Turk shows one hair on his ass, he's dead. Believe me.
Sonny: Hey Michael, c'mere. Let me look at you. You look beautiful, just beautiful, you're gorgeous. Hey, listen to this. The Turk, he wants to talk. You imagine the nerve on this son of a bitch, hey? Craps out last night he wants a meetin' today.
Tom Hagen: What did he say?
Sonny: What did he say? Badda-beep, badda-bap, badda-boop, badda-beep, he wants us to send Michael to hear the proposition, and the promise is the deal is so good we can't refuse. Hey.
Tom Hagen: What about Bruno Tattaglia?
Sonny: That's part of the deal. Bruno cancels out what they did to my father.
Tom Hagen: Sonny, we ought to hear what they have to say.
Sonny: No, no, no! No more! Not this time, Consigliere! No more meetin's! No more discussions! No more Sollozzo tricks! You give 'em one message - I want Sollozzo. If not, it's all-out war, we go to the mattresses.
Tom Hagen: Some of the other families won't sit still for all-out war!
Sonny: Then they hand me Sollozzo!
Tom Hagen: Your father would want to hear this. This is business, not personal.
Sonny: They shot my father? It's business, your ass.
Tom Hagen: Even the shooting of your father was business, not personal, Sonny!
Sonny: Well then, business will have to suffer, all right? And listen, do me a favor, Tom. No more advice on how to patch things up, just help me win, please. All right?
Tom Hagen: I found out about this Captain McClusky who broke Mike's jaw.
Sonny: What about him?
Tom Hagen: Now, he's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll and for big money. McClusky has agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard. What you have to understand, Sonny, is that while Sollozzo's being guarded like this he is invulnerable. Now, nobody has ever gunned down a New York police captain. Never. It would be disastrous. All the five families would come after you, Sonny. The Corleone Family would be outcast. Even the old man's political protection would run for cover. So, do me a favor, take this into consideration.
Sonny: All right, we wait.
Michael: It can't wait.
Sonny: Huh?
Michael: It can't wait. I don't care what Sollozzo says about a deal, he's gonna kill Pop. That's it. That's a key for him. Gotta get Sollozzo.
Clemenza: Mikey's right.
Sonny: Let me ask you something, Professor. I mean, what about this McClusky, huh? What do we do with this cop here?
Michael: They want to have a meeting with me, right? It will be me, McClusky and Sollozzo. Let's set the meeting. Get our informants to find out where it's going to be held. Now we insist it's a public place - a bar or a restaurant, some place where there's people there so I'll feel safe. They're going to search me when I first meet them, right? So I can't have a weapon on me then. But if Clemenza can figure a way to have a weapon planted there for me, then I'll kill them both.
Sonny: Hey. What are you gonna do? Nice college boy, huh? Didn't want to get mixed up in the family business? Now you want to gun down a police captain, what, 'cause he slapped you in the face a little bit, huh? What do you think, this the Army where you shoot 'em a mile away? No, you gotta get up close like this - badda-bing! - you blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit. C'mere.
Sonny: You're taking this very personal. Tom, this is business and this man is taking it very, very personal.
Sonny: How's Paulie?
Clemenza: Oh, Paulie... won't see him no more.
Sonny: Goddamn FBI don't respect nothin'.
Emilio Barzini: Times have changed. It's not like the Old Days, when we can do anything we want. A refusal is not the act of a friend. If Don Corleone had all the judges, and the politicians in New York, then he must share them, or let us others use them. He must let us draw the water from the well. Certainly he can present a bill for such services; after all... we are not Communists.
Michael: It's safer to teach you English!
Don Corleone: So, Barzini will move against you first. He'll set up a meeting with someone that you absolutely trust, guaranteeing your safety. And at that meeting, you'll be assassinated.
Sonny: Did he... did Clemenza tell you to drop the gun?
Michael: Yeah, a million times.
Luca Brasi: Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter... 's wedding... on the day of your daughter's wedding. And I hope their first child be a masculine child. I pledge my ever-ending loyalty.
Capt. McCluskey: I thought I got all you Guinea hoods locked up! What the hell are you doing here?
Michael: What happened to the men who were guarding my father, Captain?
Capt. McCluskey: I pulled them guys off of here, eh, now get away from this hospital!
Michael: I'm not leaving until you put some guards around my father's room.
Capt. McCluskey: Phil, take him in!
Cop with Capt. McCluskey outside hospital: The kid's clean Captain, he's a war hero! He's never been mixed up with the rackets...
Capt. McCluskey: Goddamn it Phil, I said take him in!
Michael: What's the Turk paying you to set up my father, Captain?
Capt. McCluskey: Take a hold of him. Stand him up. Stand him up straight.
Tom Hagen: The Senator called, he apologized for not coming but said that you would understand; also some of the judges. They've all sent gifts.
Tom Hagen: Salut.
Don Corleone: What is that, outside?
Don Corleone: He came all the way from California to the wedding. i told you he was gonna come!
Tom Hagen: It's been two years. He's probably in trouble again.
Don Corleone: He is a good godson.
Sollozzo: I want to talk to you.
Tom Hagen: I haven't got time...
Sollozzo: Make time, Consigliore!
Sollozzo: What are you worried about? If I wanted to kill you you'd be dead already. Get in.
Sonny: You touch my sister again, I'll kill you.
Virgil 'The Turk' Sollozzo: He's still alive. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive!
Sonny: Where're you going?
Michael: To the City.
Sonny: Yeah? Well, send somebody with him.
Michael: No, I'm just gonna go see Pop.
Sonny: I don't care, send some bodyguards with him.
Clemenza: He'll be all right. Sollozzo knows he's a civilian.
Sonny: Yeah? Well take care, all right?
Michael: Yes, sir.
Sonny: Send someone with him anyway...
Connie: You killed my husband! You waited until our father died so nobody could stop you and you killed him! You killed him! You blamed him for Sonny, you always did, everybody did. But you never thought about me. You never gave a dam about me. What am I going to do now?
Kay Adams: Connie...
Connie: Why do you think he kept Carlo at the mall? All the time he knew he was going to kill him. And then he stood Godfather to our baby. You think you know your husband? You know how many men he had killed! Read the papers. Read the papers! That's your husband!
Michael Corleone: Take her upstairs. Get her a doctor.
Michael Corleone: She's hysterical.
Kay Adams: Is it true?
Michael Corleone: Don't ask me about my business, Kay.
Kay Adams: Is it true?
Michael Corleone: Don't ask me about my business...
Kay Adams: No...
Michael Corleone: ENOUGH!
Tom Hagen: I'm an attorney for the Corleone family. These men are private detectives hired to protect Vito Corleone. They are licensed to carry firearms. If you interfere you'll have to appear before a judge in the morning and show cause.
Michael: You gonna kill all those guys?
Sonny: Hey, Mikey, stay out of this, all right?
Don Corleone: How's your boy?
Michael: He's good.
Don Corleone: You know, he looks more like you every day.
Michael: He's smarter than I am. Three years old, and he can already read the funny papers.
Don Corleone: Read the funny papers...
Michael: I have to see my father and his people so have dinner without me.
Kay Adams: Oh, Michael.
Michael: This weekend we'll go out. We'll go to the city, see a show and have dinner, I promise.
Kay Adams: Hmmmm. Michael. Michael, wait, your sister wants to ask you something.
Michael: Well, let her ask.
Kay Adams: No, she's afraid to. Connie and Carlo want you to be Godfather to their little boy.
Michael: We'll see.
Kay Adams: Will you?
Michael: Let me think about it. We'll see.
Michael: Fabrizzio, where are you going?
Michael: NO! NO APOLLONIA!
Don Corleone: Where's Michael?
Sonny: Don't worry. He'll be here.
Don Corleone: We're not taking the picture without Michael.
Clemenza: What's with all the new faces?
Tessio: We'll need 'em now. After the hospital thing, Sonny got mad. We hit Bruno Tattaglia at four o'clock this morning.
Clemenza: ...Jesus Christ.
Don Corleone: I'm a little worried about this Sollozzo fellow. I want you to find out what he's got under his fingernails. Go to the Tattaglias, and tell them you're not too happy with our Family, and find out what you can...
Sonny: What is it?
Clemenza: Hey, Paulie, I thought I told you to stay put.
Paulie Gatto: The guy at the gate says there's a package.
Sonny: Yeah? Hey, Tessio, go see what it is.
Paulie Gatto: You want me to hang around?
Sonny: Yeah, hang around. You all right?
Paulie Gatto: Yeah, yeah...
Sonny: You hungry? There's a little food in the ice box.
Paulie Gatto: Nah, nah.
Sonny: Well, how about a drink? Some brandy, it'll sweat it out of ya. Alright, babe...
Sonny: I want you to take care of that sonofabitch right away. Paulie sold out the old man, that stronz. I don't want to see him no more. I want you to make that first thing on your list, understand?
Clemenza: Understood.
Michael: Fredo, who are the girls?
Fredo: That's for you to find out.
Michael: Get rid of them, Fredo.
Fredo: Hey, Mike, uh...
Michael: I'm here on business I leave tomorrow now get rid of them. Come on, I'm tired. Get rid of the band, too.
Michael: What happened to Moe Greene?
Fredo: He had business. He said give him a call. Once the party started.
Michael: Well, give him a call. Hello, Johnny.
Johnny Fontane: Mike, it's nice to see you again.
Michael: We're all proud of you. Sit down, Johnny, I want to talk to you. The Don's proud of you, too.
Johnny Fontane: Well, I owe it all to him.
Michael: He knows how grateful you are. That's why he'd like to ask a favor.
Johnny Fontane: Mike, what can I do?
Michael: The Corleone family is thinking of giving up all of its interest in the olive oil business, settling out here. Now Moe Greene will sell us his share of the hotel and the casino so that it can be completely owned by the family. Tom.
Fredo: Hey, Mike, are you sure about that? I mean, Moe, loves the business. He never said anything to me about sellin'.
Michael: I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. You see, Johnny, we feel that entertainment is going to be a big factor in drawing gamblers into the casinos. We're hoping that you'll sign a contract agreeing to appear 5 times a year. Perhaps convince some of your friends in the movies to do the same. We're counting on you, Johnny.
Johnny Fontane: Sure, Mike, I'll do anything for my Godfather. You know that.
Michael: Good.
Moe Greene: Hey, Mike! Everybody's here. There's Tom. Freddie. Good to see you, Mike.
Michael: How are you, Moe?
Moe Greene: You got everything you need? The chef cooked for you special, the dancers will kick your tongue out and your credit is good. Draw chips for everyone in the room so they can play on the house.
Don Corleone: Look how they massacred my boy!
Connie: Dinner's on the table.
Carlo Rizzi: I'm not hungry yet.
Connie: Your food is on the table. It's getting cold.
Carlo Rizzi: I'll eat out later.
Connie: You just told me to make you dinner!
Carlo Rizzi: Hey, vaffanculo, eh?
Connie: Aw, vaffanculo you!
Tom Hagen: You know how they're going to come at you?
Michael: They want to arrange a meeting between me and Barzini. On Tessio's ground. Where I'll be safe.
Tom Hagen: Tessio. I always thought it would be Clemenza.
Michael: It's the smart move. Tessio was always smarter.
Don Corleone: I like to drink wine more than I used to...
Don Corleone: Anyway, I'm drinking more.
Michael: It's good for you, Pop.
Don Corleone: Ah, I don't know...
Clemenza: Damn it, Sonny's running scared. He's thinking of going to the matresses already. We got to go pick up some stuff at this address. You know any good spots on the west side?
Paulie Gatto: Yeah, I'll think about it.
Clemenza: Well, think about it while you're driving, will ya? I wanna hit New York sometime this month. And watch out for the kids when you're backing out!
Michael: You and I are going to move my father to another room, now can you disconnect those tubes so we can move the bed out of here?
Night Nurse: That is out of the question.
Michael: You know my father? Men are coming here to kill him, now help me, please.
Clemenza: The negotiator's at my house playing pinochle with some of my men, he's happy. They're letting him win.
Tom Hagen: Maybe we shouldn't get Mike mixed up in this too directly...
Michael: New Jersey... we're going to New Jersey?
Sollozzo: Maybe.
Sollozzo: I'm glad you came, Mike. I hope we can straighten everything out. I mean, this is terrible... it's not the way I wanted things to go at all. It should've never happened.
Michael: We'll straighten everything out tonight. I don't want my father bothered anymore.
Sollozzo: He won't be, Mike. I swear on my children he won't be. But you gotta keep an open mind when we talk. I mean, I hope you're not a hothead like your brother Sonny. You can't talk business with him.
Capt. McCluskey: Ahh, he's a good kid. I'm sorry about the other night, Mike.
Capt. McCluskey: I gotta frisk you, so turn around, on your knees facing me.
Capt. McCluskey: I guess I'm getting too old for my job. Too grouchy... can't stand the aggravation. You know how it is.
Capt. McCluskey: He's clean.
Connie: What's the matter, Carlo?
Carlo Rizzi: Shut up and set the table!
Don Corleone: My godson has come all the way from California. Give him a drink.
Clemenza: Paulie, pull over, I gotta take a leak.
Capt. McCluskey: How's the Italian food in this restaurant?
Sollozzo: Good. Try the veal, it's the best in the city.
Capt. McCluskey: I'll have it.
Sonny: Get up! Do something!     