
Blondie: One, two, three, four, five, six. Six. Perfect number.
Angel Eyes: Huh. Isn't three the perfect number?
Blondie: Mm... yeah. But I've got six more bullets in my gun.
Tuco: If you work for a living, why do you kill yourself working?
One Armed Man: I've been looking for you for 8 months. Whenever I should have had a gun in my right hand, I thought of you. Now I find you in exactly the position that suits me. I had lots of time to learn to shoot with my left.
Tuco: When you have to shoot, shoot. Don't talk.
Tuco: Hey, Blond! You know what you are? Just a dirty son-of-a-b-!
Blondie: Such ingratitude, after all the times I saved your life.
Tuco: "See you soon, id... " "idi... "
Blondie: "Idiots".
Blondie: It's for you.
Blondie: Every gun makes its own tune.
Tuco: There are two kinds of spurs, my friend. Those that come in by the door; those that come in by the window.
Tuco: I never hurt anybody!
Officer: ...wanted in 14 counties of this state, the condemned is found guilty of the crimes of murder, armed robbery of citizens, state banks and post offices, the theft of sacred objects, arson in a state prison, perjury, bigamy, deserting his wife and children, inciting prostitution, kidnapping, extortion, receiving stolen goods, selling stolen goods, passing counterfeit money, and, contrary to the laws of this state, the condemned is guilty of using marked cards...
Tuco: Hurrah! Hurrah for the Confederacy! HURRAH! Down with General Grant! Hurrah for General... what's his name?
Blondie: Lee.
Tuco: Lee! LEE! Ha ha! God is with us because he hates the Yanks too. HURRAH!
Blondie: God's not on our side because he hates *idiots* also.
Blondie: I've never seen so many men wasted so badly.
Tuco: While I'm waiting for the Lord to remember me, I, Tuco Ramirez, brother of "Brother" Ramirez will tell you something! You think you're better than I am... where we came from, if one did not want to die in poverty, one became a priest or a bandit! You chose your way, I chose mine. *Mine* was harder! You talk about Mother and Father... you forget that when you left to become a priest *I* stayed behind! I must have been ten, twelve, I don't remember which, but *I stayed*! I tried, but it was no good! Now I'm going to tell you something... you became a priest because you were too much of a coward to do what *I* do!
Tuco: I'm very happy you are working with me! And we're together again.
Tuco: I get dressed, I kill him and be right back.
Blondie: Listen, I forgot to mention... He's not alone. There's five of 'em.
Tuco: Five?
Blondie: Yeah, five of 'em.
Tuco: So, that's why you came to Tuco.
Tuco: It doesn't matter, I'll kill them all.
Tuco: I like big fat men like you. When they fall they make more noise. And sometimes they never get up.
Blondie: Two hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money. We're gonna have to earn it.
Blondie: You see in this world there are two kinds of people my friend. Those with loaded guns, and those who dig. You dig.
Tuco: You never had a rope around your neck. Well, I'm going to tell you something. When that rope starts to pull tight, you can feel the Devil bite your ass.
Blondie: It's not a joke, it's a rope, Tuco. Now I want you to get up there and put your head in that noose.
Tuco: There are two kinds of people in the world, my friend: Those with a rope around the neck, and the people who have the job of doing the cutting.
Tuco: I'm looking for the owner of that horse. He's tall, blonde, he smokes a cigar, and he's a pig!
Blondie: Sorry, Shorty.
Blondie: You may run the risks, my friend, but I do the cutting. We cut down my percentage - uh, cigar? - liable to interfere with my aim.
Tuco: But if you miss you had better miss very well. Whoever double-crosses me and leaves me alive, he understands nothing about Tuco. Nothing!
Tuco: Don't die, I'll get you water. Stay there. Don't move, I'll get you water. Don't die until later.
Tuco: You want to know who you are? Huh? You want to know who's son you are? You don't, I do, everybody does... you're the son of a thousand fathers, all bastards like you.
Angel Eyes: Even a filthy beggar like that has got a protecting angel.
Angel Eyes: A golden-haired angel watches over him
Baker: Here, this is for you. You did a good job for me. Worth five hundred dollars,
Angel Eyes: Oh I almost forgot. He gave me a thousand. I think his idea was that I kill you.
Angel Eyes: But you know the pity is when I'm paid, I always follow my job through. You know that.
Baker: Noo! Angel Eyes!
Tuco: What was it you told me the last time? Ah, yes..."If you save your breath I feel a man like you can manage it." And if you won't manage it, you'll die... only slowly. *Very* slowly, old friend.
Union Captain at the Bridge: Whoever has the most liquor to get the soldiers drunk and send them to be slaughtered... he's the winner.
Blondie: If your friends stay out in the damp, they're liable to catch a cold aren't they... or a bullet.
Union Captain at the Bridge: Can you help me live a little more? I expect good news.
Tuco: Who the hell is that? One bastard goes in, another comes out!
Blondie: Were you gonna die alone?
Blondie: If you shoot me, you won't see a cent of that money.
Angel Eyes: Why?
Blondie: I'll tell you why.
Blondie: Cause there's nothin' in here!
Blondie: I mean our partnership is untied.
Tuco: Blondie: Oh no, not you, you remain tied. I'll keep the money and you can have the rope.
Tuco: Hey! Hey everybody look! He's giving him the filthy money! JUDAS! You sold my HIDE!
Tuco: I'll kill you!
Blondie: If you do that, you'll always be poor... just like the greasy rat that you are.
Jackson: There's no number... there's a name... it's written...
Jackson: Water!
Tuco: You talk first, I'll give you water later! Sad Hill Cemetery, okay, in the grave okay! But it must have a name or a number on it! There must be a thousand, five thousand!
One-armed Union soldier: Hey, corporal, afraid he'll get lost? Where's the Rebel going?
Cpl. Wallace: To Hell, with a rope around his neck and a price on his head.
Tuco: Yeah... three thousand dollars, friend. That's a lot of money for a head.
Tuco: I bet they didn't even pay you a penny for your arm.
Bounty Hunter: No! No pistol, amigo! It won't do you any good. There are three of us!
Mexican Bounty Hunter: Hey, amigo! You know you got a face beautiful enough to be worth $2000?
Blondie: Yeah, but you don't look like the one who'll collect it.
Blondie: A couple steps back.
Union Captain at the Bridge: The most potent weapon of war!
Blondie: Put your drawers on, and take your gun off.
Tuco: Unk-... unk-... there's no name on it.
Blondie: There's no name here, either. See, that's what Bill Carson told me... it was the grave marked "Unknown" right beside Arch Stanton.
Tuco: I would like to piss, it's rough. I've been shaking up in this train nearly ten hours now.
Cpl. Wallace: You smell like a pig already. Let's try not to make things any worse.
Cpl. Wallace: Get going.
Tuco: I can't while you're watching me.
Stevens: What does he pay you for murdering me?
Angel Eyes: Five hundred dollars... to get the name.
Blondie: I have a feeling it's really gonna be a good, long battle.
Tuco: Blondie, the money's on the other side of the river.
Blondie: Oh? Where?
Tuco: Amigo, I said on the other side, and that's enough. But while the Confederates are there we can't get across.
Blondie: What would happen if somebody were to blow up that bridge?
Tuco: Yeah. Then these idiots would go somewhere else to fight.
Blondie: Maybe.
Tuco: I told you once, friend, if I ever get you down, you're going to need a lot of help to get back up again!
Tuco: I... I must tell you the truth, Blondie. In my place, you would do the same thing. It's all over for you now. There's nothing anyone can do any more.
Tuco: Oh, God, forgive me! It's my fault!
Tuco: Mine, mine, mine, mine! I'll tell you one thing, Blondie. If I knew that my last hour had come, I swear, in my place... in your place I would do the same thing. I would tell about the gold. Yes, yes, I would. I would tell the name on the grave. What good is the money if you're dead? I know the name of the cemetery. But you know how many graves there are there? Please. Blondie, please. Have a little... coffee? Please, tell me the name. On... on the grave. If I get my hands on the 200,000 dollars, I'll always honour your memory. I swear, I'll always honour your memory.
Blondie: The way I figure, there's really not too much future with a sawed-off runt like you.
Sheriff: So you're an honest farmer. You recognize this man?
Tuco: Me?
Sheriff: Yeah, it's you!
Tuco: Hey, who said so, huh? You can't even read!
Tuco: Roll it up, roll it up! I'll give you a good idea where you can put it!
Stevens: You're... from Baker?
Stevens: Tell Baker that I told him all that I know already and I want to live in peace, understand? That it's no use to go on tormenting me! I know nothing at all about that case of coins.
Stevens: Now that gold has disappeared, but if he'd listened we could have avoided this altogether. I went to the Army court; there were no witnesses. They couldn't uncover any more. I can't tell Baker what happened to the money. Go back and tell him that!
Union Captain at the Bridge: You'll all turn to dust,but one thing is sure, boys... Branston Bridge will stand unbroken.
Angel Eyes: Why are you going under the name Bill Carson now?
Tuco: One name is as good as another. Not wise to use your own name. Like you! I'll bet they don't call you Angel Eyes! Sergeant Angel Eyes!
Union Captain at the Bridge: The Rebs have decided that bridge is the key to this whole area. Stupid, useless bridge! Flyspeck on Headquarters' maps. Headquarters has declared we must take that ridiculous flyspeck. Even if all of us are killed. Otherwise the key'll get rusty and just be a spot on the wall.
Tuco: What about our parents?
Father Pablo Ramirez: Only now do you think of them? To begin after nine years...
Tuco: Nine years?
Tuco: So it's nine years. Nine years!
Father Pablo Ramirez: Our mother has been dead a long time now.
Father Pablo Ramirez: Our father died a few days ago. That's why I was away. He asked for you to be there... but there was only me.
Father Pablo Ramirez: And you... outside of evil, what else have you managed to do? It seems to me you once had a wife somewhere.
Tuco: Not one, lots of them! One here, one there, wherever I found them!
Tuco: Go on, preach me a sermon, Pablo!
Father Pablo Ramirez: What good would that be?
Angel Eyes: Be sure these two get good treatment.
Tuco: Hey, Blondie. Did you hear that? Good treatment.
Tuco: ¡Hijo de una puta que te parió! You'll pay for this! I hope you end up in a graveyard, with the cholera and the rabies and the plague! Cut me loose! Cut me loose, you filthy bastard! Put me down! I hope your mother ends up in a two-dollar whorehouse! Cut me loose! Cut me loose!
Tuco: Let me go, and I'll pardon you. Let me go! I think I feel sick. The blood is bursting through my...
Tuco: I'm dry, Blondie. Water...
Blondie: There are two kinds of people in the world my friend: those with guns and those who dig. You dig.
Angel Eyes: How's your digestion now?
Pardue the Hotel Owner: This morning l heard the whole thing. They say Colonel Canby's closing in with his Northerners, and no later than tomorrow that they'll be in the city. That's why these Southerners are getting out! You see, as soon as these cowards hear there are blue shirts around, they run. These rebels have no will to fight.
Pardue's Wife: Poor things.
Pardue the Hotel Owner: They'll soon be finished. We get rid of these bastards... then we begin making money on those Yankees. They carry gold, not paper dollars. And they're going to beat the South. Look, see that one with the white beard sitting in the wagon? General Sibley. He looks dead. He's finally getting out of our hair.
Pardue the Hotel Owner: Hooray for Dixie! Hooray! Hooray for Dixie!
Tuco: Ah, my belly's full. Nice guy, my brother. I didn't tell you my brother was in charge here? Everything. Like the Pope, almost. He's in charge in Rome. Yeah, yeah, my brother, he say to me, "Stay, brother, don't go home. We never see each other. Here, there's plenty to eat and drink. Bring your friend, too." Whenever we see each other, he never lets me go. It's always the same story. My brother, he's crazy about me.
Tuco: That's so... even a tramp like me, no matter what happens, I know there's a brother somewhere who'll never refuse me... a bowl of soup.
Maria: Is that you Bill? Bill!
Maria: Who are you? What do you want with me?
Angel Eyes: Go on talking about Bill Carson.
Cpl. Wallace: You're a lot luckier than that one there. You get some grub, a rope and your own finish... and there isn't any partner this time to shoot you down.
Union Captain at the Bridge: We have two attacks a day.
Tuco: Two attacks a day?
Union Captain at the Bridge: Sure, the Rebs have decided that damn bridge is the key to this whole area. Stupid, useless bridge. Flyspeck on headquarters' maps. And headquarters has declared we must take that ridiculous flyspeck even if all of us are killed. Otherwise, the key will get rusty and just be a spot on the wall.     