
Bonnie Parker: You've heard the story of Jesse James / Of how he lived and died / If you're still in need / Of something to read / Here's the story of Bonnie and Clyde. / Now Bonnie and Clyde are the Barrow gang / I'm sure you all have read / How they rob and steal / And those who squeal / Are usually found dyin' or dead. / They call them cold-hearted killers / They say they are heartless and mean / But I say this with pride / That I once knew Clyde / When he was honest and upright and clean. / But the laws fooled around / Kept takin' him down / And lockin' him up in a cell / Till he said to me: "I'll never be free / So I'll meet a few of them in Hell." / If a policeman is killed in Dallas / And they have no clue to guide / If they can't find a fiend / They just wipe their slate clean / And hang it on Bonnie and Clyde / If they try to act like citizens / And rent them a nice little flat / About the third night / They're invited to fight / By a sub-guns' rat-a-tat-tat. / Some day, they'll go down together / They'll bury them side by side / To a few, it'll be grief / To the law, a relief / But it's death for Bonnie and Clyde.
Clyde Barrow: This here's Miss Bonnie Parker. I'm Clyde Barrow. We rob banks.
Bonnie Parker: We rob banks!
Farmer: All I can say is, they did right by me - and I'm bringin' me and a mess of flowers to their funeral.
Buck Barrow: Hey, you wanna hear a story 'bout this boy? He owned a dairy farm, see. And his ol' Ma, she was kinda sick, you know. And the doctor, he had called him come over, and said, uh, "Uhh listen, your Ma, she's lyin' there, she's just so sick and she's weakly, and uh, uh I want ya to try to persuade her to take a little brandy," you see. Just to pick her spirits up, ya know. And "Ma's a teetotaler," he says. "She wouldn't touch a drop." "Well, I'll tell ya whatcha do, uh," - the doc - "I'll tell ya whatcha do, you bring in a fresh quart of milk every day and you put some brandy in it, see. And see. You try that." So he did. And he doctored it all up with the brandy, fresh milk, and he gave it to his Mom. And she drank a little bit of it, you know. So next day, he brought it in again and she drank a little more, you know. And so they went on that way for the third day and just a little more, and the fourth day, she was, you know, took a little bit more - and then finally, one week later, he gave her the milk and she just drank it down. Boy, she swallowed the whole, whole, whole thing, you know. And she called him over and she said, "Son, whatever you do, don't sell that cow!"
Clyde Barrow: You know what you done there? You told my story, you told my whole story right there, right there. One time, I told you I was gonna make you somebody. That's what you done for me. You made me somebody they're gonna remember.
Bonnie Parker: You're a smart fella. You sure do know a lot about automobiles, don't you?
C.W. Moss: Yes, I guess I do.
Bonnie Parker: Well, um, would you know what kind of car this is?
C.W. Moss: This is a 4-Cyllinder Ford Coupe.
Bonnie Parker: No.
C.W. Moss: Sure it is.
Bonnie Parker: No, this is a stolen 4-Cyllinder Ford Coupe.
Bonnie's Mother: You know Clyde, I read about you all in the papers, and I just get scared.
Clyde Barrow: Now Ms. Parker, don't you believe what you read in all them newspapers. That's the law talkin' there. They want us to look big so they gonna look big when they catch us. And they ain't gonna catch us. 'Cause I'm even better at runnin' than I am at robbin' banks! Shoot, if we'd done half that stuff they said we'd done in that paper, we'd be millionaires by now, wouldn't we? But Ms. Parker, this here's the way we know best how to make money. But we gonna be quittin' all this, as soon as the hard times are over. I can tell ya that. Why just the other night, me and Bonnie were talkin'. And we were talkin' about the time we're gonna settle down and get us a home. And uh, she says to me, she says, "You know, I couldn't bear to live more than three miles from my precious Mother." Now how'd ya like that, Mother Parker?
Bonnie's Mother: I don't believe I would. I surely don't. You try to live three miles from me and you won't live long, honey. You best keep runnin', Clyde Barrow. And you know it.
Bonnie's Mother: Bye, baby.
Bonnie Parker: You're good!
Clyde Barrow: I ain't good. I'm the best!
Bonnie Parker: And modest!
Bonnie Parker: What would you do if some miracle happened and we could walk out of here tomorrow morning and start all over again clean? No record and nobody after us, huh?
Clyde Barrow: Well, uh, I guess I'd do it all different. First off, I wouldn't live in the same state where we pull our jobs. We'd live in another state. We'd stay clean there and then when we'd take a bank, we'd go into the other state.
Bonnie Parker: Mama's an old woman now. I don't have no mama. No family either.
Clyde Barrow: Hey, I'm your family.
Bonnie Parker: You know what, when we started out, I thought we was really goin' somewhere. This is it. We're just goin', huh?
Clyde Barrow: I love you.
Clyde Barrow: There's nothing wrong with me, I mean, I don't like boys.
C.W. Moss: I spent a year... I spent *A YEAR* in reformatory!
Bonnie Parker: Whooee! A man with a record!
Clyde Barrow: I don't think he's lost. I think the bank's been offerin' extra reward money for us. I think Frank just figured on some easy pickins, didn't ya Frank? You're no Texas Ranger. You're hardly doin' your job. You ought to be home protectin' the rights of poor folk, not out chasin' after us!
Blanche Barrow: Well why not? I earned my share same as everybody. Well, I coulda got killed same as everybody. And I'm wanted by the law same as everybody... I'm a nervous wreck and that's the truth. I have to take sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time. I deserve mine.
Clyde Barrow: Alright. Alright. If all you want's a stud service, you get on back to West Dallas and you stay there the rest of your life. You're worth more than that. A lot more than that. You know it and that's why you come along with me. You could find a lover boy on every damn corner in town. It don't make a damn to them whether you're waitin' on tables or pickin' cotton, but it does make a damn to me.
Bonnie Parker: Why?
Clyde Barrow: Why? What's you mean, "Why?" Because you're different, that's why. You know, you're like me. You want different things. You got somethin' better than bein' a waitress. You and me travelin' together, we could cut a path clean across this state and Kansas and Missouri and Oklahoma and everybody'd know about it. You listen to me, Miss Bonnie Parker. You listen to me.
Bonnie Parker: Hey, that ain't ours!
Clyde Barrow: Sure it is.
Bonnie Parker: But we come in this one.
Clyde Barrow: That don't mean we have to go home in it!
Clyde Barrow: Hell, you might just be the best damn girl in Texas.
Clyde Barrow: Now you just tell me what was wrong with that car.
C.W. Moss: Dirt.
Clyde Barrow: Dirt?
C.W. Moss: Dirt in the fuel line... just blowed it away.
Clyde Barrow: 'Least I ain't a liar.
Bonnie Parker: Hey! What's your name, anyway?
Clyde Barrow: Clyde Barrow.
Bonnie Parker: Hi. I'm Bonnie Parker. Pleased to meet you!
Clyde Barrow: ...the truck drivers come in to eat greasy burgers and they kid you and you kid them back, but they're stupid and dumb, boys with big tattoos all over 'em, and you don't like it... And they ask you for dates and sometimes you go... but you mostly don't, and all they ever try is to get into your pants whether you want to or not... and you go home and sit in your room and think, when and how will I ever get away from this?... And now you know.
Clyde Barrow: We got a dollar ninety-eight, and you're laughing!
Bonnie Parker: *Damn it*, you almost got us killed!
Blanche Barrow: What did I do wrong? I thought you'd be happy if I got shot!
Bonnie Parker: Yeah! Yeah, it would've saved us all a lot of trouble!
Clyde Barrow: You try to get something to eat around here and some son of a bitch comes up to you with a meat cleaver.
Bonnie Parker: You're just like your brother. Ignorant, uneducated hillbilly, except the only special thing about you is your peculiar ideas about love-making, which is no love-making at all.
Bonnie Parker: Hey, whaddya do, anyhow?
Eugene Grizzard: I'm an undertaker.
Bonnie Parker: Get them out of here.
Clyde Barrow: You know, down in Duncanville last year, poor farmers kept you Iaws away from us with shotguns. You're supposed to be protecting them from us and they're protecting us from you.
Clyde Barrow: What're you writing?
Bonnie Parker: I'm writing a poem about us.
Clyde Barrow: Let me hear it.
Bonnie Parker: It's called The story of Bonnie and Clyde. You've heard of the story of Jesse James, of how he lived and died. If you're still in need of something to read... here's the story of Bonnie and Clyde.
Eugene Grizzard: Step on it, Velma. Step on it, Velma. Step on it, Velma.
Velma Davis: I am!
Eugene Grizzard: Step on it, Velma. Step on it, Velma. Velma, step on it, Velma!
Clyde Barrow: Next time, I'll aim a little lower!
Bonnie Parker: Why don't y'all go back to your *own* cabin, if you want to play with C.W.
Bonnie Parker: Your advertising's just dandy... folks would never guess you don't have a thing to sell.
Bonnie Parker: When we started out... I thought we were really going somewhere. But this is it. We're just going.
Clyde Barrow: I love you.     