
Bar Owner: Who are you?
Jeff Costello: Doesn't matter.
Bar Owner: What do you want?
Jeff Costello: To kill you.
Gunman: Nothing to say?
Jeff Costello: Not with a gun on me.
Gunman: Is that a principle?
Jeff Costello: A habit.
Jeff Costello: Who sent you?
Gunman: I can't tell you that.
Jeff Costello: Yet you could try to kill me. Look at me. I'll ask you just once more. Who? Name and address.
Gunman: You don't know him; he's not in our league.
Jeff Costello: Don't keep me waiting.
Gunman: Olivier Rey... 73, Boulevard de Montmorency.
Jeff Costello: That's how you became unemployed.
Jeff Costello: I never lose. Never really.
Valérie: Why Jeff?
Jeff Costello: I've been paid to.
Jeff Costello: Why say you did not recognize me?
Valérie: Why kill Marty?
Jeff Costello: I was to be paid.
Valérie: What had he done to you?
Jeff Costello: Not a thing. I didn't know him. I met him for the first and last time 24 hours ago.
Valérie: What sort of man are you?
Olivier Rey's associate: He's a lone wolf.
Olivier Rey: He's a wounded wolf; now there will be a trail. He must be disposed of quickly.
Superintendant: Don't you love him?
Jane Lagrange: No.
Superintendant: Really? I'd have said you did. Laying yourself on the line for him like that, I thought you must love him.
Jane Lagrange: You're not the psychologist you imagined.
Jane Lagrange: I like it when you come round, because you need me.
Superintendant: I don't like forcing the pace to extract confessions or get information. I'm very liberal, a great believer in the liberty of the individual... in people's right to live as they choose. Provided that the way of life they choose harms no one else... and is contrary to neither law and order nor public decency.
Jane Lagrange: If I understand you right, I'll have no problems if I perjure myself. If I insist on telling the truth, then I can expect trouble. Am I right?
Superintendant: Not quite. Because the truth isn't what you say, it's what I say... despite the methods I am obliged to employ to get at it.
Jeff Costello: Trouble?... Because of me?
Jane Lagrange: No, you've never meant trouble for me.
Superintendant: Have you ever thought how close girls like you are to being prostitutes?     