
Maude: Harold, *everyone* has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Harold: You sure have a way with people.
Maude: Well, they're my species!
Maude: I should like to change into a sunflower most of all. They're so tall and simple. What flower would you like to be?
Harold: I don't know. One of these, maybe.
Maude: Why do you say that?
Harold: Because they're all alike.
Maude: Oooh, but they're *not*. Look. See, some are smaller, some are fatter, some grow to the left, some to the right, some even have lost some petals. All *kinds* of observable differences. You see, Harold, I feel that much of the world's sorrow comes from people who are *this*,
Maude: yet allow themselves be treated as *that*.
Maude: Maude: A lot of people enjoy being dead. But they are not dead, really. They're just backing away from life. *Reach* out. Take a *chance*. Get *hurt* even. But play as well as you can. Go team, go! Give me an L. Give me an I. Give me a V. Give me an E. L-I-V-E. LIVE! Otherwise, you got nothing to talk about in the locker room.
Maude: The earth is my body; my head is in the stars.
Maude: Who said that, Harold?
Harold: I don't know.
Maude: Well, I suppose I did, then.
Maude: Dreyfus once wrote from Devil's Island that he would see the most glorious birds. Many years later in Brittany he realized they had only been seagulls... For me they will always be - *glorious* birds.
Maude: You know, at one time, I used to break into pet shops to liberate the canaries. But I decided that was an idea way before its time. Zoos are full, prisons are overflowing... oh my, how the world still *dearly* loves a *cage.*
Harold: Maude?
Maude: Yeah?
Harold: Here.
Maude: A gift!
Maude: "Harold loves Maude."... and Maude loves Harold. This is the nicest gift I've received in years.
Harold: Maude: So I'll always know where it is.
Maude: Oh, Harold... That's *wonderful.* Go and love some more.
Psychiatrist: Tell me, Harold, how many of these, eh, *suicides* have you performed?
Harold: An accurate number would be difficult to gauge.
Psychiatrist: Well, just give me a rough estimate.
Harold: A rough estimate? I'd say
Harold: fifteen.
Psychiatrist: Fifteen?
Harold: That's a rough estimate.
Psychiatrist: Were they all done for your mother's benefit?
Harold: No. No, I would not say "benefit."
Psychiatrist: A very common neurosis; particularly in this society, whereby the male child subconsciously wishes to sleep with his mother. Of course what puzzles me, Harold; is that you want to sleep with your grandmother.
Maude: Vice, Virtue. It's best not to be too moral. You cheat yourself out of too much *life.* Aim above morality. If you apply that to life, then you're bound to live life fully.
Priest: I would be remiss in my duty, if I did not tell you, that the idea of... intercourse - the fact of your firm, young... body... commingling with the... withered flesh... sagging breasts... and flabby b-b-buttocks... makes me want... to vomit.
Harold: Maude.
Maude: Hmm?
Harold: Do you pray?
Maude: Pray? No. I communicate.
Harold: With God?
Maude: With *life*.
Maude: Harold, we have *got* to do something about this life.
Harold: What?
Maude: We'll transplant it. To the forest.
Harold: You can't do that.
Maude: Why not?
Harold: This is public property.
Maude: Well, *exactly*.
Harold: You hop in any car you want and just drive off?
Maude: Well, not any car - I like to keep a variety. I'm always looking for the new experience.
Harold: Maybe.
Harold: Nevertheless, I think you're upsetting people. I don't know if that's right.
Maude: Well, if some people get upset because they feel they have a hold on some things, I'm merely acting as a gentle reminder: here today, gone tomorrow, so don't get attached to things *now.* With *that* in mind, I'm not against collecting stuff.
Maude: *Don't* get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious - That is the curse of a government job.
Psychiatrist: That's very interesting, Harold, and I think, very illuminating. There seems to be a definite pattern emerging. And, of course, this pattern, once isolated, can be coped with. Recognize the problem, and you are halfway on the road to its, uh, its solution. Uh, tell me, Harold, what do you do for fun? What activity gives you a different sense of enjoyment from the others? Uh, what do you find fulfilling? What gives you that... special satisfaction?
Harold: ...I go to funerals.
Harold: I haven't lived. I've died a few times.
Harold: I like you, Maude.
Maude: I like you, Harold.
Maude: I couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell!
Harold: Farewell?
Maude: Oh, yes, dear... My 80th birthday.
Harold: But you're not going anywhere... are you?
Maude: I took the tablets an hour ago. I'll be gone by midnight.
Harold: WHAT?
Harold: So... you don't use the umbrella anymore?
Harold: No more revolts?
Maude: Oh, yes! Every day. But I don't need a *defense* anymore. I embrace! Still fighting for the Big Issues, but now in my small, individual way.
Maude: That was fun! Let's play something together.
Harold: I don't play anything.
Maude: Nothing? Dear me, everybody should be able to make some music. That's the cosmic dance.
Maude: Tell me, do you dance?
Harold: Pardon me?
Maude: Do you sing and dance?
Harold: Uh, no.
Maude: Uh, no. I thought not.
Harold: Do you... *enjoy*... knives?
Mrs. Chasen: I have here, Harold, the forms sent out by the National Computer Dating Service. It seems to me that as you do not get along with the daughters of my friends, this is the best way for you to find a prospective wife.
Mrs. Chasen: Please, Harold, we have a lot to do and I have to be at the hairdresser's at three.
Mrs. Chasen: The Computer Dating Service offers you at least three dates on the initial investment. They screen out the fat and ugly, so it is obviously a firm of high standards.
Mrs. Chasen: I suppose you think that's very funny, Harold... Oh, dinner at eight, Harold. And do try and be a little more vivacious.
Maude: Hey, this old thing handles well! Ever drive a hearse Harold?
Harold: Yeah.
Maude: Well! It's a new experience for me!
Maude: Good on curves! Shall I take you home Harold?
Harold: Uh, this is my car.
Maude: YOUR hearse?
Harold: Y'hearse!
Maude: Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!
Maude: Then YOU shall take ME home!
Maude: Consistency is not *really* a human trait.
Harold: What were you fighting for?
Maude: Oh, big issues. Liberty. Rights. Justice. Kings died, kingdoms fell. I don't regret the kingdoms - what sense in borders and nations and patriotism? But I miss the kings.
Motorcycle Officer: License, lady?
Maude: I don't have one. I don't believe in them.
Motorcycle Officer: How long you been driving, lady?
Maude: About 45 minutes,
Maude: wouldn't you say, Harold? We were hoping to start sooner but you see it's rather hard to find a truck.
Motorcycle Officer: This your truck?
Maude: Oh no, I just took it.
Maude: It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
Harold: He's following us.
Maude: Is he? Police always want to play games!
Maude: Who sends dead flowers to a funeral? It's absurd.
Harold: She took my head... She took my head! I'LL KILL HER!
Mrs. Chasen: Harold!... That was your last date!
Harold: During war time, the national suicide rate goes down.
Maude: Grab the shovel, Harold.
Uncle Victor: Well, what do you say, Harold? Ahh, it's a great life. There's action, adventure, advising; and you'll get a chance to see the war firsthand. And there are plenty of slant-eyed girls. Why it'll make a man out of you, Harold. You'll travel the world, put on a uniform and take on a man's job. You'll walk tall, with a glint in your eye, and a spring in your step, and the knowledge in your heart that you are working for peace... and are serving your country. Just like Nathan Hale. Now that's what this country needs - more Nathan Hales.
Uncle Victor: The two best wars this country ever fought were against the Gerrys. I say get the Krauts on the other side of the fence where they belong. Let's get back to the kind of enemy worth killing, and the kind of war this whole country can support.
Mrs. Chasen: She provides the *whole* southwest with chicken feed!
Maude: I ask you though Harold, is it enough?
Maude: Vice, virtue, it's best not to be too moral; you cheat yourself out of too much life. Aim above morality. When you apply that to life, then you're bound to live it fully!     