
School Bully: Keith. Keithy. oi, oi.
Shaun: Talkin' to me?
Shaun: What?
School Bully: I never knew Keith Chegwin had a son.
Shaun: Piss off.
School Bully: What the fuck are they?
Shaun: These, I'm wearing them for a bet, what's your excuse?
School Bully: Cheeky Bastard. Woodstock's that way pal.
Shaun: Fuck off, at least I don't look like count Dracula.
Shaun: You think your funny yeh?
Shaun: yeh.
School Bully: You think your funny you little spaz?
Shaun: Yeh.
School Bully: You want to hear a fucking joke yeh?
Shaun: Yeh, yeh go on then
School Bully: How many people can you fit into a mini?
Shaun: I don't fucking know how many?
School Bully: Three in the back, two in the front, and your fucking dad in the ashtray.
Shaun: You fucker!
Combo: But I've got one question to ask you. Do you consider yourself English, or Jamaican?
Milky: English.
Combo: Lovely, lovely, love you for that, that's fucking great. A proud man, learn from him; that's a proud man. That's what we need, man. That's what this nation has been built on, proud men. Proud fucking warriors! Two thousand years this little tiny fucking island has been raped and pillaged, by people who have come here and wanted a piece of it - two fucking world wars! Men have laid down their lives for this. For this... and for what? So people can stick their fucking flag in the ground and say, "Yeah! This is England. And this is England, and this is England."
Woody: I'm Harvey and I'm here to give you jip.
Woody: Listen to me. He's a young lad. He's had a fucking bad week. So we bring him in wi' us to show him a bloody good time and you've just friggin back handed him roun' head. I'M DISAPPOINTED MATE!
Shaun: I just wondered if you'd like to be my girlfriend. I think you're lovely.
Mr. Sandhu: Oh, and you're banned.
Shaun: Oh, and you're a mong.
Woody: Honestly mate, you look sterling.
Combo: Don't you fucking dare backchat me, or I will slay you now where you fucking stand, you fucking Paki cunt!
Smell: You might look about four, but you kiss like a fourty year old!
Lenny: Some people say we're racists.We're not racists. We're realists.Some people call us Nazis.We're not Nazis.No, what we are, we are nationalists and there's a reason people try to pigeonhole us like this.And that is because of one word, gentlemen.- Fear.
Woody: Now I feel bad, I feel bad now.
Woody: You fucking prick, you know what you are?
Woody: You're a friggin' bully, Gadget.
Lol: Beautiful? I was sixteen and pissed, it wasn't beautiful.
Smell: I loved when you gave me that cake, that was sweet. Did you make it yourself?
Shaun: Ya
Smell: You didn't make it yourself, did you?
Shaun: No
Combo: Picking on a kid, mate? Fucking hell. Picking on a fucking kid, was ya? Eh?
Mr. Sandhu: Just take what you want and go, OK?
Combo: SHUT UP! I'M talking! I'M your fucking size! Fuck with me!
Mr. Sandhu: You got what you want! Just go now, alright?
Combo: Don't you fucking dare backchat me, or I will slay you now where you fucking stand, you fucking Paki cunt! Right? You listen to fucking me! That fucking kid's Dad DIED for this fucking country! What have YOU fucking done for it? FUCK-ALL but take fucking jobs off decent people.
Combo: Now listen, son. Listen good. We'll be back here whenever we want, right? Cuz this is fucking OURS, now. This is OURS, this, fucking Sandhu. Don't forget that. Any fucking time we want. And clean the place up, it fucking stinks of curry! Fucking stinks! REEKS of the fucking shit!
Shaun: Get me... 'undred fags, two bottles of wine, a bottle of whisky, and ten cans of lager now.
Mr. Sandhu: You know what you're gonna have? Nothing!
Shaun: What?
Mr. Sandhu: You know you're not supposed to be in here. Go. Out. Bang.
Shaun: Just fucking get them, you Paki bastard!
Mr. Sandhu: What did you say?
Shaun: Get them you FILTHY - PAKI - BASTARD!
Mr. Sandhu: Right! That's it!
Mr. Sandhu: That's it!
Shaun: Get off!
Mr. Sandhu: Get out!
Combo: What's going on, mate? You gotta problem?
Mr. Sandhu: He's been calling me a Paki bastard. Just open the door and I'll let him out. Go on, mate.
Combo: GET YOUR FUCKING HANDS OFF HIM NOW! FUCKING HANDS OFF HIM!
Combo: Fuckin' hell, Gadge. Couldn't you get any more fucking sweets, man?
Combo: Look at these little fuckin' sewer rats, look. Fuckin' vermin. Boys!
Combo: Now that's OUR ball now, right? And WE'RE playin' 'ere, so I suggest you take fuckin' Tweedledum and Tweedledee and fuck off home. If I see you in my streets again...
Combo: ...I'll slash ya, and it'll be an 'undred times fuckin' worse, alright?
Football kid: Yeah...
Combo: Now run 'ome, cuz mummy's cookin' curry. Go on.
Shaun: Oh, Combo, what have you done to 'im?
Combo: Men don't cry! Remember, men don't cry!
Combo: What are you doing?
Accomplice: I thought I'd take a shit.
Combo: Put your arse away, mate.
Lenny: Are you ready to return to the fight?
NF Crowd: Yes!
Lenny: Are you ready to shed blood?
NF Crowd: Yes!
Combo: Spit? That's a man's handshake, I promise you.
Shaun: Passenger: I mean, do you really believe all this bullshit?
Combo: Get out, you faggot!
Combo: What do you think makes a bad father?
Milky: I don't know. How about you, what do you think?
Combo: Niggers.
Milky: What's with the "Nigger"?
Combo: Lol: What you mean before you went to prison and ruined everything? I'm going to be late for work. You can keep your little box.
Lol: Combo: Combo: Now I want you on your best behaviour.
Smell: I think it's like Michelle.
Shaun: At least I don't look like Dracula!
Banjo: We didn't want this.
School Bully: I'll tell you how to get four people into a mini. Two in the back, two in the front and your Dad in the ashtray!     