
Aisling: I have lived through many ages, through the eyes of salmon, deer, and wolf. I have seen the Northmen invading Ireland, destroying all in search of gold. I've seen suffering in the darkness. Yet I have seen beauty thrive in the most fragile of places. I have seen the book. The book that turned darkness into light.
Brendan: You can't find out everything from books, you know.
Aidan: I think I read that once.
Aidan: Old fools should learn to keep quiet.
Brendan: Unless young fools want to listen.
Aisling: Is this your cat?
Aisling: Well?
Brendan: I've heard about... creatures like you. You're a fairy!
Aisling: What are you doing in my forest? You've come to spoil it, haven't you?
Brendan: Uh...
Aisling: You were probably sent here by your family to get food, weren't you? Well. You can go right back where you came from. If you don't, I'll make the wolves get you. *Rawr!*
Brendan: No! uh, I didn't mean to. Look, I'm sorry alright? I'm not here to get food for my family. I'm here to get things to make ink. I don't have a family, and we have food in Kells. So I wouldn't come here for it anyway. I was just... a bit lost.
Aisling: You have no family?
Brendan: Uh, no.
Aisling: No mother?
Aisling: I'm alone too.
Aisling: Open your eyes and I'll tell you my name.
Aisling: Aisling.
Brendan: Aisling.
Aisling: And this... is my forest.
Brendan: Aidan is my friend. I'm helping him make the most incredible book in the whole world! He says it will turn darkness into light. Wait until you see it!
Aisling: Wait until you see the rest of my forest.
Aidan: Me and white Pangur / Two who relish bundles of art / Me pursuing that which does not come easy / Slippery Pangur hunts prey / Fame or repute I seek not / As I turn ink into glowing light / Little does Pangur value the words of a prophet / He would much prefer a mouse to a book...
Aisling: It took my mother. It takes everything. You'll die.
Aidan: When they come, all we can do is run and hope that we are fast enough.
Aisling: I thought you knew how to climb trees.
Brendan: I do. Smaller ones.
Aisling: Yeah. Like bushes.
Abbot Cellach: Pagans, Crom worshipers... It is with the strength of our walls that they will come to trust the strength of our faith.
Brendan: Aisling!
Brendan: What was that?
Aisling: That was him... CROM.
Abbot Cellach: No! Not yet... Not yet!     