
Sigmund J채hn: Socialism doesn't mean live behind a Wall. Socialism means reach the others and live with the others.
Alexander Kerner: My mother outlived the GDR by three days. I believe it was a good thing she never learned the truth. She died happy. She wanted us to scatter her ashes to the winds. That's prohibited in Germany, both East and West. But we didn't care.
Alexander Kerner: She's up there somewhere now. Maybe looking down at us. Maybe she sees us as tiny specks on the Earth's surface, just like Sigmund J채hn did back then. The country my mother left behind was a country she believed in; a country we kept alive till her last breath; a country that never existed in that form; a country that, in my memory, I will always associate with my mother.
Alexander Kerner: The future lay in our hands. Uncertain, yet promising.
Alexander Kerner: On the evening of October 7, 1989 several hundred people got together for some evening exercise and marched for the right to go for walks without the Berlin Wall getting in their way.
Denis: Eighth floor?
Alexander Kerner: Yup.
Denis: Elevator?
Alexander Kerner: Broken.
Denis: Shit.
Alexander Kerner: You can say that again.
Ariane Kerner: You were in a coma. Eight months ago.
Christiane Kerner: Eight months? What happened?
Ariane Kerner: Yeah, it was...
Alexander Kerner: It was in October, in the supermarket. There was this enormous queue and it was really hot and you just passed out.
Christiane Kerner: In October?
Alexander Kerner: It was a really hot October. At the time.
Denis: Denis
Denis: It's my best production ever. A pity your Mom will be the only audience...
Sigmund J채hn: Where to?
Alexander Kerner: Wannsee
Sigmund J채hn: I know what you think. Everyone does. But I'm not him.
Dr. Wagner: You must protect her from any kind of excitement. And I do mean any kind, Mr. Kerner.
Alexander Kerner: Any kind of excitement.
Dr. Wagner: It would be life-threatening.
Alexander Kerner: And this here?
Alexander Kerner: Wouldn't you call this exciting?
Alexander Kerner: All this stuff has to go. Are the old curtains in the cellar?
Ariane Kerner: You can't be serious.     