
John Hartigan: An old man dies. A young woman lives. A fair trade. I love you, Nancy.
Priest: ...ask yourself if that corpse of a slut is worth dying for.
Marv: Worth dying for.
Marv: Worth killing for.
Marv: Worth going to hell for.
Marv: Amen.
Marv: The night's as hot as hell. It's a lousy room in a lousy part of a lousy town - I'm staring at a goddess. She's telling me she wants me. I'm not going to waste one more minute wondering how I've gotten this lucky. She smells like angels ought to smell, the perfect woman... the Goddess. Goldie. She says her name is Goldie.
Dwight: The Fire, baby. It'll burn us both. It'll kill us both. There's no place in this world for our kind of fire. My warrior woman. My Valkyrie. You'll always be mine. Always... and never.
Dwight: Most people think Marv is crazy. He just had the rotten luck of being born in the wrong century. He'd be right at home on some ancient battlefield swinging an axe into somebody's face. Or in a Roman arena, taking his sword to other gladiators like him. They woulda tossed him girls like Nancy back then.
John Hartigan: I take away his weapon.
John Hartigan: Both of them.
The Salesman: Turn the right corner in Sin City, and you can find anything...
The Salesman: Becky, care for a smoke?
Becky: I love you too, mom.
The Salesman: ... Anything.
Marv: That there is one damn fine coat you're wearin'.
The Salesman: The wind rises, electric. She's soft and warm and almost weightless. Her perfume is a sweet promise that brings tears to my eyes. I tell her that everything will be all right. That I'll save her from whatever she's scared of and take her far, far away. I tell her I love her.
The Salesman: The silencer makes a whisper of the gunshot. I hold her close until she's gone. I'll never know what she was running from. I'll cash her check in the morning.
Marv: This is blood for blood and by the gallons. These are the old days man, the bad days, the all-or-nothing days. They're back! There's no choices left. And I'm ready for war.
Lucille: Prison was hell for you Marv, it's gonna be life this time.
Marv: Hell's waking up every goddamn day and not even knowing why you're here. But I'm out now. It took someone who was kind to me getting killed to do it. But I'm out. And I know exactly what I'm gonna do.
Senator Roark: Power don't come from a badge or a gun. Power comes from lying. Lying big, and gettin' the whole damn world to play along with you. Once you got everybody agreeing with what they know in their hearts ain't true, you've got 'em by the balls.
Marv: I'll stare the bastard in the face as he screams to God, and I'll laugh harder when he whimpers like a baby. And when his eyes go dead, the hell I send him to will seem like heaven after what I've done to him.
John Hartigan: And after I pull off that miracle, maybe I'll go punch out God.
Jack Rafferty: ...sccaught you ssmokinggthere, bud.
Dwight: You shut the hell up, Jackie-Boy. You're dead. I'm just imagining this, so shut the hell up.
Jack Rafferty: ...Hntells you somethin 'bout your sstate a' mind don't it?... Ss'got you hearin things'got yer nerves shot. S'got you ssmoking... You know it's truuuuuuue nobody ever really quitsss... Smoker's a smoker when the chips're downn and your chips're down, pretty much
Dwight: I'm fine, you shut the hell up.
Jack Rafferty: Will ya look at thaat! Oooooh, those hookers let ya dowwnn hehehehe... What're you gonna do when ya run outta gas? Call Triple A? You ssucker for the babes, you... You ain't even gonna make itt to The Pitss.
Dwight: You shut the hell up... I'll make it.
Jack Rafferty: Not unless you keep your eyess on the road, sshugar-pie...
Jack Rafferty: Watch it!
Jack Rafferty: Ahh this is grrreatt, s'just like being in a buddy movie. Heheheheh...
Jack Rafferty: Shut Up!
Jack Rafferty: Hehehe
Jack Rafferty: Oh, you're screwed. It's over.
Jack Rafferty: You're flushed.
Dwight: This time I can't bring myself to tell him to shut up. Sure he's an asshole... Sure he's dead... Sure I'm just imagining that he's talking. None of that stops the bastard from being absolutely right. I don't have a chance in hell of outrunning this cop. Not in this heap. The only question left is whether I'm gonna kill him or not. Tough call. For all I know, he's an honest cop, regular guy. Working stiff with a mortgage, a wife and a pile of kids. My hand moves all on its own, sliding on of my guns to my lap and thumbing back the hammer. I don't know what to do...
Jack Rafferty: You better stopp, you're making him mad.
Dwight: ...Whatever you say...
Dwight: The Valkyrie at my side is shouting and laughing with the pure, hateful, bloodthirsty joy of the slaughter... and so am I.
Marv: That's the thing with dames, sometimes all they gotta do is let it out and a few buckets later there's no way you'd know.
Marv: He never screams. Even after the dog has its fill and his guts are hanging out, he never screams.
Dwight: Deadly little Miho. She won't let you feel a thing unless she wants you to. She twists the blade. He feels it.
Cardinal Roark: Will that bring you satisfaction, my son? Killing a helpless, old, fart?
Marv: Killing? No. No satisfaction. Everything up until the killing, will be a gas.
John Hartigan: Skinny little Nancy Callahan. She grew up. She filled out.
Dwight: It's time to prove to your friends that you're worth a damn. Sometimes that means dying, sometimes it means killing a whole lot of people.
Marv: I love hitmen. No matter what you do to them, you don't feel bad.
Dwight: I'm Shellie's new boyfriend and I'm out of my mind. If you so much as talk to her or even think her name, I'll cut you in ways that'll make you useless to a woman.
Jack Rafferty: You're making a big mistake, man. A *big* mistake.
Dwight: You made a big mistake yourself... you didn't flush.
Nancy, Age 11: They won't let me testify. I told the cops that you saved my life and they just acted like I was crazy. They talked my parents into keeping me away. They said that you done things that you didn't do. I told them that you saved me from that Roark creep, but they won't even check me out to see if I'm still a virgin. I'm still a virgin, still alive... thanks to you. They got it all backwards.
John Hartigan: Sometimes the truth doesn't matter like it ought. But you'll always remember things right. That's gonna mean a lot to me. But stay away, Nancy. They'll kill you if you don't stay away. Don't visit me. Don't write me. Don't even say my name.
Nancy, Age 11: Maybe you won't let me visit, but I'll still write to you, Hartigan. I'll sign my letters "Cordelia." That's the name of a really cool detective in books I read. I'll write to you every week... for forever.
John Hartigan: Sure, kid. Now run on home. It's not safe for you here.
John Hartigan: Bye, Nancy.
Nancy, Age 11: I love you.
John Hartigan: When it comes to reassuring a traumatized 19-year-old, I'm about as expert as a palsy victim doing brain surgery with a pipe wrench.
Marv: I'm on my feet for about ten minutes before the cops kick them out from under me. They don't ask me any questions. They just keep knocking the crap out of me and waving a confession in my face. And I keep spitting blood all over it and laughing at how many fresh copies they come up with. Then along comes this worm assistant district attorney who turns the recorder off and says if I don't sign their confession, they'll kill my mom. I break his arm in three places and I sign it.
Marv: Marv: Walk down the right back alley in Sin City...
Bouncer: Leave your hands off Nancy!
Marv: ... and you could find anything.
Bouncer: That coat looks like Baghdad. So does your face. Take off!
Bouncer: Urrrghh... aaahhhhh! Ahhh!
Maeve: He's new here, Marv, he didn't know.
Cardinal Roark: Kevin? Is that you?
Marv: What's left of him, anyway. The dog ate the rest.
John Hartigan: There's wrong, and there's wrong, and there's *this*.
Marv: Is that the best you can do, you pansies?
The Salesman: She shivers in the wind like the last leaf on a dying tree. I let her hear my footsteps. She only goes stiff for a moment.
Stuka: Hey... Will ya look at that? It's right through me. Guys, look. It's cut a hole right through me.
Schutz: There's something wrapped around it. Some kind of note.
Manute: Give it to me.
Stuka: Guys, this is starting to really hurt. Just look at it. It's poked a hole right through me. Guys?
Manute: McCarthy, you fool.
Stuka: Guys, don't you think maybe somebody oughta call a doctor for me or something? This isn't the kind of thing you just ignore, guys.
Manute: Out back. Everyone. Bring the women.
Stuka: Guys?
Stuka: Ugh.
Dwight: She doesn't quite chop his head off. She makes a Pez dispenser out of him.
Klump: I can only express puzzlement, which borders on alarm.
Marv: Modern cars - they all look like electric shavers.
Yellow Bastard: Do you think I'm tired? You think I'm getting tired? You're the one who's gonna crack! You'll crack! You'll cry and beg! You'll Scream! Oh, yeah, you'll scream, you big, fat, ugly cow! You'll scream!
Yellow Bastard: You thinking the whip was the worse I could do? That was foreplay.
Nancy Callahan: Hartigan was right about you. You can't get it up unless I scream. You're pathetic! You're pathetic.
Yellow Bastard: It's not wise at all to make fun of me like that. It brings out the worst in me.
Yellow Bastard: My dad - I'd love him if I didn't *hate* him! He spent a fortune hiring every expert on the planet to grow back that equipment you blew off between my legs! He succeeded, although, as you can see, there were some... side effects.
Wendy: You sat there and took it... when you could've taken my gun away from me any time you wanted to...
Marv: Sure, but I thought I might be able to talk some sense into you. And I probably would've had to paste you one getting the gun. And I don't hurt girls.
Marv: Wait a second. Why'd she call you Wendy?
Wendy: Because that's my name, you ape. Goldie was my sister. My twin sister.
Marv: I guess she was the nice one.
Marv: Hell's waking up every goddamn day and not even knowing why you're here.
Bob: I'm gonna get on the horn and wait for back-up. We're gonna wait for back-up!
John Hartigan: Sure, Bob. You'll call for back-up. And we'll sit on our hands while that Roark brat gets his sick thrills from victim number four. Victim number four! Nancy Callahan. Age 11. She'll be raped and slashed to ribbons. And that back-up we're waiting on will just happen to show up late enough to let Roark get back home to his U.S. Senator daddy and everything will be fine until Junior gets the itch again.
Bob: Take a deep breath, Hartigan. Settle down and think straight. You're pushing 60. You've got a bum ticker. You're not saving anybody.
John Hartigan: You've got a great attitude, Bob. You're a great cop. A real credit to the force, you are.
Bob: Eileen's home waiting for you. Think about Eileen.
John Hartigan: Heck, Bob. Maybe you're right.
Bob: I'm glad to hear you're finally talking sense!
John Hartigan: Hell of a way to end a partnership. Hell of a way to start my retirement.
Marv: I don't know about you, but I'm havin' a ball.
Yellow Bastard: Here it comes, it's gonna hurt.
John Hartigan: You're right about that.
John Hartigan: Sucker.
Dwight: She almost yanks my head clean off, shoving my mouth into hers so hard it hurts. An explosion that blasts away the dull, gray years between the now and that one fiery night when she was mine.
Cardinal Roark: What the hell do you know...
Marv: I know it's pretty damn weird to eat people.
Gail: Those boys in that Chrysler are one mistake away from seeing what Miho can do, and she' been aching for some practice.
Dwight: She guides my glance upwards to the pixie perched on the roof's edge. Deadly little Miho.
Yellow Bastard: A little old for my taste, but I can forgive that just this once!
Dwight: Miho. You're an angel. You're a saint. You're Mother Teresa. You're Elvis. You're God. And if you'd shown up about ten minutes earlier, we'd still have Jackie-Boy's head.
Marv: I got you now, ya little bastard. Let's see you hop around now.
John Hartigan: Aim careful, and look the devil in the eye.
Bob: It's a lotta miles into town, Hartigan. You care for a ride?
John Hartigan: Long as you stay in front of me.
Bob: Prison's made you paranoid. Talk about water under the bridge. Christ.
Bob: Eight years.
John Hartigan: Yeah. Eight years.
Bob: Well, if it's any consolation to ya...
Bob: ... you made me hate myself.
Lucille: He made me WATCH! Christ, I could use a cigarette.
Marv: That's the thing with dames; sometimes all they gotta do is let it out and a few buckets later there's no way you'd know.
Jack Rafferty: You want to see it? You wanna see what I got?
Becky: I've seen all shapes, all sizes.
Jack Rafferty: You seen this one? Get in the car.
Becky: Oh, sugar, you just gone and done the dumbest thing in your whole life.
Yellow Bastard: And it'd better be perfect or I'm gonna call my dad!
Priest #2: Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death...
Marv: Would you get a move on already? I haven't got all night.
Marv: I check the list. Rubber tubing, gas, saw, gloves, cuffs, razor wire, hatchet, Gladys, and my mitts.
Gail: We'll fight the cops, the mob, and anybody else who tries to move in on us. We'll go to war.
Dwight: Don't be stupid, Gail. Get me a car.
Gail: Who do you think you are? You got what you wanted out of us.
Gail: You got what you wanted out of me.
Dwight: If I don't make it back, you can have your war.
Dwight: Get me a hardtop with a decent engine and make sure it's got a big trunk.
Dwight: I'll always love ya, baby.
Gail: Always and never.
Jack Rafferty: Come on in the car, baby.
Becky: I'm sorry. I do the day shift and it's been a long day. Besides, I don't do group jobs.
Jack Rafferty: Come on in and we can just have a nice talk.
Becky: I don't do talk jobs either.
John Hartigan: Nancy's car. Six miles from the farm. "Nobody but me can keep this heap running" she told me. Good girl. The car stalled out on that yellow bastard and you didn't tell him how to start it up again. You kept your mouth shut. I'll bet Junior was furious.
John Hartigan: Whatever he does to you: don't scream.
Marv: You can scream now if you want.
John Hartigan: John Hartigan: Eight long years, you son of a bitch!
Klump: And, if my current state of much-justified petulance permits me to press the point, you are likeways demonstratably bereft of a working understanding of the perimeters of our beforementioned mission at hand.
Klump: Relevant to said mission is the following query I now put forth to you. Said query concerning matters strictly spatial in nature... Wherein this most streamlined and trunkless of transports, boner-inspiring though it may be, wherein are we to reposit our recently deceased cargo?
John Hartigan: After a while all I'm doing is punching wet chips of bone into the floorboards. So I stop.
Brian: Never give an Irishman a cause for revenge.
Marv: I don't know why you died, Goldie. I don't know why and I don't know how, I never even met you before tonight. But you were a friend and more when I needed one. And when I find out who did it, it won't be quick and quiet like it was with you. It'll be loud and nasty. My kind of kill. And when his eyes go dead the hell I send him to will seem like heaven after what I've done to him. I love you, Goldie.
Marv: I've been having so much fun I forgot to take my medicine.
Dwight, Gail: Yeesh.
Marv: It wasn't you losers who killed Goldie. The guy who did that knew what he was doing. Still, you got to have something to tell me. Like who it was who sent you.
Marv: I don't hear you giving me any name, jerk. Guess when I shot you in the belly, I aimed a little too high.
Marv: You keep holding out on me like this, and I'm going to have to get really nasty.
Stan: It was Telly Stern passed me the order. Runs the tables over at the Triple Ace Club.
Marv: Thanks again.
Dwight: Dozens of them. Armed to the teeth. I'm outnumbered. Outgunned. But the alley is crooked, dark, and very narrow. They can't surround me. Sometimes you can beat the odds with a careful choice of where to fight.
Dwight: You can have Old Town! I don't care... just gimme the woman!
Dwight: Shut up.
Gail: Dwight... don't do this.
Becky: Hey, wait a minute, something's not right...
Schutz: SHUT UP! Or I'll plug ya.
Manute: Of course, Mr. McCarthy. A fair trade. She's all yours.
Manute: Now, if you'll explain to me why we shouldn't blow both of you to pieces?
Gail: Dwight... what have you done?
Dwight: Exactly what I had to... every step of the way.
Becky: No! It isn't right! There wasn't no tape over his mouth! How come there's tape over his mouth?
Dwight: Where to fight counts for a lot...
Manute: Cute trick, McCarthy... but it will do you no good...
Dwight: But there's nothing like having your friends show up...
Dwight: With lotsa guns...
Manute: NO! McCarthy, you SHIT!
Shellie: I've done some dumb things.
Dwight: Seeing as how I'm one of those dumb things, I can't give you too hard a time on that, Shellie.
Marv: So, you were scared, weren't you Goldie? Somebody wanted you dead and you knew it. Well, I'm gonna find that son of a bitch that killed you, and I'm gonna give him the hard goodbye. Walk down the right back alley in Sin City, and you can find anything.
Marv: I had to fight some cops.
Lucille: Oh, that's lovely. You didn't happen to kill any of them, did you?
Marv: Nah, I don't think so, but they know they've been in a fight, that's for damn sure.
Senator Roark: Tell anybody the truth and they're dead!
Marv: I've been framed for murder and the cops are in on it. But the real enemy, the son of a bitch who killed the angel lying next to me, he's out there somewhere, out of sight, the big missing piece that'll give me the how and the why and a face and a name and a soul to send screaming into hell.
Dwight: It wasn't "Stop." Shellie wasn't saying "Stop." If I had waited and listened to her, I would've known. I could've warned the girls to go easy. To settle for scaring them off. Shellie didn't say "Stop," she said "Cop." He's a *cop*. Detective Lieutenant Jack Rafferty. "Iron Jack" the papers call him. A goddamn *hero cop*.
Dwight: First, we gotta rescue Gail. Then comes the kill. The big, fat kill.
Cop: Sir! There's no sign of the target.
Marv: Here's a sign.
Jack Rafferty: You're gonna love this, baby.
Marv: Goldie's dead. I've been framed for murder. The cops are in on it.
Cop: Open up! Police!
Marv: I'll be right out.
Marv: Nancy Callahan: It has always been you. All these years...
Marv: You crazy god-damn broad! Just take a look at this mug. Would any of you dames let me get close enough to you to kill you? None of you would, but Goldie... But she only did because she thought I could protect her. And I bet those cops didn't do a damn thing about those other girls, did they? But as soon as they had me for a fall guy they showed up, guns blazing. But they didn't get me and I've been killing my way to the truth ever since. So go ahead, doll, shoot me now, or get the hell out of my way.
Marv: That's one fine coat you're wearing.
Marv: I try to slow my heart down and breathe the fire out of my lungs.
Motorcycle Cop: Your buddy there... Partied a little too hard tonight?
Dwight: I'm the designated driver.
Motorcycle Cop: Well, you're driving with a busted tail light.
Motorcycle Cop: I'll let you off with a warning.
Dwight: What next?
John Hartigan: ...Get some sleep.
Nancy Callahan: Sleep with me.
John Hartigan: No, Nancy!
The Customer: Are you as bored of that crowd as I am?
The Salesman: I didn't come here for the party... I came here for you.
Schutz: We just gotta stand here and watch this?
Stuka: What are you kidding me man? I could watch ol' Manute do his thing all night long and not get tired of it. The man's an artist.
The Salesman: Care for a smoke?
John Hartigan: So long, Junior. Been a pleasure.
Dwight: And everything seemed to be going so well.
Wendy: You can call me Goldie.
Ronnie: Remember - we don't have to deliver every last inch of the man, Brian!
Brian: You're right, Ronnie - lend us your knife.
Marv: Heading down for a midnight snack... and I can guess what kind.
Shellie: If you're gonna slug me, just go ahead and get it over with, you sick bastard.
Jack Rafferty: There you go, lying about me again in front of my friends. I have never hit a woman in my life.
Dwight: He's got the drop on her!
Gail: He's got squat! He's dead. He's just too damn dumb to know it.
Wendy: Kill em' for me Marv. Kill 'em good.
Marv: I won't let you down, Goldie.
Shellie: On a night like this everybody's looking for somebody stranger.
John Hartigan: You're just a horny ex-con watching an exotic dancer.
Shellie: Forget it, man, You can bang on that door *all* night if you want. There's no way in hell I'm letting you in.
Shellie: Wish you would've dropped by earlier, Jackie Boy. Then you could've met my boyfriend, could've seen what a real man looks like.
Shellie: You brought your whole pack with you? None of these losers got lives, they gotta hang with you?
Brian: Want the head there, sweetheart? Come and get it!
Brian: I coulda put a bullet in your ear just now, laddy, if I hadn't gone off and got me revolver all wet and useless. You got the drop on me love. I'm as helpless as a baby.
Brian: Better come clean with ya now, sweetheart. That was an outright lie I was giving ya about me revolver being wet. You see, I'm not too fond of shooting. It's my preference to blow things up. Once you blast the roof off a pub, and see all the parts flying off people, a little bang-bang's never going to match the sight of that. And here I am with all these fine grenades, and such a sweet beauty of a remote. But it's my knife I'll be doin' you with.
Marv: I know it's pretty damn weird to eat people.
Dwight: I tell little Miho what has to be done. Then I'll make the most important phone call in my life.
Shellie: Dwight, what did you do to him?
Dwight: I gave him a taste of his own medicine.
Dwight: It's your apartment. But be careful, Shellie, this clown's got big, mean drunk-on and he's got four friends out there in the hall, breathing hard and just as drunk as he is.
Jack Rafferty: Hey, I could swear I heard somebody in there with you, just now. You got somebody with you, baby? You be honest with me. You owe me that much.
Shellie: Somebody? Jackie Boy, it's a regular African love-fest in here. I got me all five starters and half the bench of the Basin City Blues keeping me company. You feel like taking them on?
Jack Rafferty: You're teasing me, baby. I'm no racist.
Marv: What if I'm wrong? I've got a condition. I get confused sometimes. What if I've imagined all this? What if I've finally turned into what they've always said I would turn into? A maniac. A psycho killer.
Bozo No. 1: He is generous. But that temper of his... you shouldn't have picked on him like you did. My temper, you don't have to worry about.
Shellie: Shut up and keep your hands to yourself, or I'll cut your little pecker off.
Bozo No. 1: Woo! I been told!
Cop: You tagged him good.
Cop: Don't take no chances. Perforate the fool!
John Hartigan: Good advice.
Jack Rafferty: This isn't funny... don't anybody laugh.
Lenny: Hold on, Benny. I just want to make sure these two get along all right.
Roark Jr.: And what kind of a beast couldn't get along with a precious little girl like this? You're probably scared now, but you have nothing to be scared of. All we're going to do is talk, just a nice talk, you and me. Don't you cry now.
Nancy Callahan: Let me stay close. Nothing can happen to me when I'm with you.
Brian: Suck on this, you stupid slag!
John Hartigan: Just one hour to go. My last day on the job. Early retirement. Not my idea. Doctor's orders. Heart condition. Angina, he calls it. I'm polishing my badge and getting used to the idea of saying goodbye to it. It and the 30 odd years of protecting and serving and tears and... blood and terror... triumph it represents. I'm thinking about Ilene's slow smile, bout the thick, fat steak she picked up at the butchers today. I'm thinking about the one loose end I haven't tied up. A young girl who's out there somewhere, helpless in the hands of a drooling lunatic.
Dwight: There's no use arguing with her, the ladies are their own enforcers.
Marv: Lucille's my parole officer. She's a dyke, but God knows why. With that body of hers she could have any man she wants.
The Salesman: I'll cash her check in the morning.
Dwight: Get that gun out of my face, Gail.
Manute: No, McCarthy, you shit!
Cardinal Roark: We're going home, Kevin.
Dwight: Do I risk it all and take this cop down?
Yellow Bastard: Recognize my voice, Hartigan? Recognize my voice, you piece-of-shit cop? I look different, but I bet you can recognize my voice!
Dwight: This clown's out of control. I followed him here to make sure he didn't hurt any of the girls.
Gail: Us helpless little girls.
John Hartigan: I'm looking for Nancy Callahan.
Shellie: Eyes to the stage, pilgrim. She's just warming up.
John Hartigan: Roark! Give it up. Let the girl go.
Roark Jr.: You can't do a goddamn thing to me Hartigan. You know who I am. You know who my father is! You can't touch me, you piece of shit cop! Look at you, you can't even lift that cannon you carry!
John Hartigan: Sure I can.
Manute: The truce of Sin City will be shattered. There'll be arrests, there'll be deaths. Nothing can stop this.
Shlubb: I only seek the most lighthearted and momentary digression. The briefest indulgence in automotive pleasure.
Klump: For cheap thrills. Such short-lived durability, Mr. Shlubb. You risk engendering ill will on the part of our employers.
Marv: It's okay, Lucille. I was just grazed.
Becky: Sure, there's money. Sure, you can move my mom into Old Town, and let her know that her daughter's a goddamn whore.
Schutz: Breaks your heart, doesn't it?
Jack Rafferty: Come on get in the car baby, we'll just talk it'd be nice.
Dwight: A hardtop, with a decent engine. And make sure it's got a big trunk!
Senator Roark: Evening, Officer. I don't have to introduce myself, do I? You read the papers. This being an election year, you've seen plenty of my picture. You know what I can do. And I'm doing you, Hartigan. Cold and hard, I'm doing you.
Jack Rafferty: Baby doll, I've had me one helluva bad day. I've been beaten up every time I turn around.
John Hartigan: Cold shower. It helps.
Stuka: I knew there was a reason I got out of bed this morning.
Becky: You're crazy! You could have ripped my throat out you crazy whore!
Jack Rafferty: No questions, dammit. No questions. Now!
John Hartigan: You did it, Roarke. You beat me.
Liebowitz: Mr law and order.
Marv: Lucille's my parole officer. She's a dyke but God knows why. With that body of her she can have any man she wants.
Roark Jr.: You can't touch me you piece of shit cop. Look at you. You can't even lift that cannon you're carrying.
John Hartigan: Sure I can.
    