
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: I want to be like everyone else.
Madame Chose: Thank God, you never will.
Raymond Beaulieu: I don't smoke or drink or swear anymore. Fuck! I left my bag of weed at the pub.
Gervais Beaulieu: Be a man for once in your life and tell the truth!
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: What do you want to hear? That I'm gay? A fag? That I suck cock? Yes something happened but not with him. You know with who. Nothing happened earlier. But I would've fucking loved it if something had! Fucking right!
Gervais Beaulieu: You've got to be sick to keep your penis in someone else's ass!
Laurianne Beaulieu: Hmm... You have bad memory.
Gervais Beaulieu: Well... that was different...
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: Do I look like a fag? Do I talk with a lisp? Strut like a peacock?
Psychothérapeute: Nice idea of homosexuals you've got there. They're not all like that.
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: They all become that way. Sooner of later.
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: This is a waste of time. I'm not a fag. I'd rather die.
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: It's just a fugure of speech. Isn't it obvious? Being happy and healthy, or miserable and fucked-up. It's a no-brainer.
Paul: You can stop your girlfriend's monthly bleeding, too?
Laurianne Beaulieu: Thank God you were dedicated to Virgin Mary.
Gervais Beaulieu: Sometimes I wonder why we pray to a long-haired guy who hangs out with a bunch of guys in robes. It's fishy. Honestly!
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: You seem to be sniffing a lot for someone in detox.
Raymond Beaulieu: Socking cock's made you a prick.
Zachary Beaulieu 15 à 21 ans: Your ass must've been raw after prison.
Raymond Beaulieu: You would have enjoyed that, huh?
Zachary Beaulieu 6 à 8 ans: What's a fairy?
Laurianne Beaulieu: Nothing. Hogwash.
Laurianne Beaulieu: It's what he wanted.
Gervais Beaulieu: So? It's not up to him. You want to turn him into a fairy?
Laurianne Beaulieu: Stop it, he's only five!
Gervais Beaulieu: He's almost six and looks seven.
Laurianne Beaulieu: Oh, come on!
Gervais Beaulieu: Never mind 'come on'. Now return it. Go on.
Prêtre: Stop the singing! Ok, the midnight mass is too long, lets finish it now. Everybody go home and unwrap your presents.
Raymond Beaulieu: I missed... your delicious ironed toast.
Antoine Beaulieu 21 à 27 ans: You done imitating that fucking fag? Huh? You're making us look like a bunch of idiots.
Christian Beaulieu 24 à 30 ans: You got beaten up by Tremblay's little fag.
Antoine Beaulieu 21 à 27 ans: What, you four-eye fag?     