
Professor Albus Dumbledore: After all this time?
Professor Severus Snape: Always.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
Gregory Goyle: Avada Kedavra!
Ron Weasley: Aaarrrgh! That's my girlfriend you numpty!
Remus Lupin: It is the quality of one's convictions that determines success, not the number of followers.
Kingsley Shacklebolt: Who said that?
Remus Lupin: Me.
Molly Weasley: Not my daughter, you bitch!
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and above all, those who live without love.
Harry Potter: We have to go there, now.
Hermione Granger: What? We can't do that! We've got to plan! We've got to figure it out...
Harry Potter: Hermione! When have any of our plans ever actually worked? We plan, we get there, all hell breaks loose!
Lord Voldemort: Harry Potter, the boy who lived... come to die. Avada Kedavra!
Argus Filch: Students out of bed! Students out of bed! Students in the corridor!
Minerva McGonagall: They are supposed to be out of bed you blithering idiot.
Argus Filch: ...Right, I'm sorry Ma'am.
Minerva McGonagall: Actually, Mr. Filch, your timing is impeccable. Could you please escort Miss Parkinson, and the rest of Slytherin House from the Hall.
Lord Voldemort: Why do you live?
Harry Potter: Because I have something worth living for.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: We both know Lord Voldemort has ordered the Malfoy boy to murder me. But should he fail, I should presume the Dark Lord will turn to you. You must be the one to kill me, Severus. It is the only way. Only then will the Dark Lord trust you completely.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable.
Professor Severus Snape: Must be told what?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godric's Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Voldemort's soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find. Harry himself. There's a reason Harry can speak with snakes. There's a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort's mind. A part of Voldemort lives inside him.
Professor Severus Snape: So when the time comes... the boy must die?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Yes. Yes... he must die.
Professor Severus Snape: You've kept him alive so that he can die at the proper moment. You've been raising him like a pig for slaughter!
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Don't tell me now that you've grown to care for the boy.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Lily... after all this time?
Professor Severus Snape: Always.
Harry Potter: Is this all real? Or is it just happening inside my head?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Of course it's happening inside your head, Harry. Why should that mean that it's not real?
Neville Longbottom: Right then, so what's the plan Harry?
Harry Potter: Okay, there's something we need to find, something hidden here in the castle, and it may help us defeat You-Know-Who.
Neville Longbottom: Right, what is it?
Harry Potter: We don't know.
Dean Thomas: Where is it?
Harry Potter: We don't know that either. I realise that's not much to go on.
Seamus Finnigan: That's nothing to go on.
Lily Potter: Harry, you are so loved, so loved. Harry, Mama loves you. Dada loves you. Harry, be safe. Be strong.
Albus Severus Potter: Dad, what if I am put in Slytherin?
Harry Potter: Albus Severus Potter... you were named for two Headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin, and he was probably the bravest man I've ever known.
Hermione Granger: Where have you been?
Ron Weasley: We thought you went to the Forest.
Harry Potter: I'm going there now.
Ron Weasley: Are you mad? No. You can't give yourself up to him.
Hermione Granger: What is it, Harry? What is it you know?
Harry Potter: There's a reason I can hear them... the Horcruxes. I think I've known for awhile.
Harry Potter: And I think you have too.
Hermione Granger: I'll go with you!
Harry Potter: No. Kill the snake. Kill the snake and then it's just him.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: The boy survives.
Professor Severus Snape: He doesn't need protection, the Dark Lord is gone!
Professor Albus Dumbledore: The Dark Lord will return! And when he does, the boy will be in terrible danger! He has her eyes.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: If you truly loved her...
Professor Severus Snape: No one... can know.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: That I shall never reveal the best of you, Severus?
Ginny Weasley: Harry!
Harry Potter: Hi there.
Ron Weasley: Six months she hadn't see me, it's like I'm a Frankie First Year. I'm only her brother...
Seamus Finnigan: She's got lots of them, but there's only one Harry.
Ron Weasley: Shut up Seamus.
Remus Lupin: Remus Lupin: You shouldn't have! It's Teddy who needs you.
Nymphadora Tonks: He'll sleep till dawn and snore like his father. It's you that needs me tonight.
Minerva McGonagall: Why don't you confer with Mr. Finnigan? As I recall, he has a particular proclivity for pyrotechnics.
Seamus Finnigan: I can bring it down!
Minerva McGonagall: That's the spirit, now away you go.
Neville Longbottom: Are you really giving us permission to do this?
Minerva McGonagall: Yes, Longbottom.
Neville Longbottom: Blow it up? Boom?
Minerva McGonagall: BOOM!
Bellatrix Lestrange: The boy... is he dead?
Narcissa Malfoy: Is he alive? Draco, is he alive?
Narcissa Malfoy: Dead.
Helena Ravenclaw: If you have to ask, you'll never know. If you know, you need only ask.
Harry Potter: Ready?
Albus Severus Potter: Ready.
Ron Weasley: If we die for them, Harry, I'm going to KILL YOU!
Harry Potter: You were right. When you told Professor Snape that wand was failing you. It will always fail you!
Lord Voldemort: I killed Snape!
Harry Potter: But what if that wand never belonged to Snape? What if its allegiance was always to someone else? C'mon, Tom... let's finish this the way we started it. Together!
Luna Lovegood: Well, there's Rowena Ravenclaw's lost diadem.
Ron Weasley: Oh bloody hell, here we go.
Young Severus Snape: She's just jealous. That she's ordinary, and you're special.
Young Lily Potter: That's mean, Severus.
Neville Longbottom: It doesn't matter that Harry's gone.
Seamus Finnigan: Stand down Neville!
Neville Longbottom: People die every day. Friends, family. Yeah, we still lost Harry tonight. He's still with us, in here.
Neville Longbottom: So's Fred, Remus, Tonks... they didn't die in vain. But YOU will. 'Cause you're wrong! Harry's heart did beat for us! For all of us! It's not over!
Harry Potter: Confringo!
Bellatrix Lestrange: No! No, come back! Lucius! Come back! Come back and fight!
Harry Potter: I'll lure him into the castle. We have to kill the snake.
Luna Lovegood: Harry, wait, I need to talk to you.
Harry Potter: I'm a bit preoccupied at the moment, Luna.
Luna Lovegood: You won't find it where you're going, you're wasting your time.
Harry Potter: We'll talk later, ok?
Luna Lovegood: Harry!
Harry Potter: Later!
Luna Lovegood: Harry Potter! You listen to me right now! Don't you remember what Cho said about Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem? There's not a person alive whose seen it. It's obvious isn't it? You have to talk to someone whose dead.
Harry Potter: I'm ready to die.
Harry Potter: The Resurrection Stone...
Lily Potter: You've been so brave, sweetheart.
Harry Potter: Why are you here? All of you?
Lily Potter: We never left.
Harry Potter: Does it-does it hurt? Dying?
Sirius Black: Quicker than falling asleep.
James Potter: You're nearly there, son.
Harry Potter: I'm sorry. I never wanted any of you to die for me.
Harry Potter: And Remus, your son...
Remus Lupin: Others will tell him what his mother and father died for. One day, he'll understand.
Harry Potter: You'll stay with me?
James Potter: Until the end.
Harry Potter: And he won't be able to see you?
Sirius Black: No.
Sirius Black: We're here, you see.
Harry Potter: Stay close to me.
Lily Potter: Always.
Flitwick: You do realize we can't keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely.
Minerva McGonagall: That doesn't mean we can't delay him. And his name is Voldemort, Filius. You might as well use it, he's going to try and kill you either way.
Professor Severus Snape: No! Don't kill me!
Professor Albus Dumbledore: The prophecy did not refer to a women. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July.
Professor Severus Snape: Yes but, he thinks its her son! He intends to hunt them down now, to kill them. Hide her, hide them all. I beg you.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: What will you give me in return, Severus?
Professor Severus Snape: Anything.
George Weasley: You okay, Freddie?
Fred Weasley: Yeah.
George Weasley: Me too.
Hermione Granger: Where is everybody?
Professor Horace Slughorn: Harry...
Professor Pomona Sprout: Oh come on, what's the matter with you?
Padma Patil: Oh, she's passed.
Professor Sybil Trelawney: There, she's gone.
Ron Weasley: No! No! NO!
Minerva McGonagall: Hogwarts is threatened! Man the boundaries. Protect us!
Minerva McGonagall: I've always wanted to use that spell.
Harry Potter: Voldemort has the Elder Wand.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: True.
Harry Potter: And the snake's still alive.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Yes.
Harry Potter: And I have nothing to kill it with.
Lord Voldemort: Harry Potter is dead!
Ginny Weasley: No! No!
Lord Voldemort: Silence! Stupid girl. Harry Potter is dead, from this day forth... you put your faith in me. Harry Potter is dead!
Bellatrix Lestrange: Ha ha ha!
Lord Voldemort: Ye-he-he. And now is the time to declare yourself. Come forward and join us... or die.
Lucius Malfoy: Draco... Draco.
Narcissa Malfoy: Draco, come.
Harry Potter: I have to go back, haven't I?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Oh, that's up to you.
Harry Potter: I have a choice?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Oh, yes. We're in King's Cross, you say? I think, if you so desired, you'd be able to board a train.
Harry Potter: And where would it take me?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: On.
Ron Weasley: AHHHHHH! Goyle has set the bloody place on fire!
Ollivander: If he truly has the Elder Wand, I'm afraid you really don't stand a chance.
Harry Potter: I suppose I'll have to kill him before he finds me.
Hermione Granger: We can't just stand here. Who's got an idea?
Ron Weasley: Don't ask us. You're the brilliant one!
Ginny Weasley: Dad? Who's Hagrid carrying? Dad? Who is it?
Lord Voldemort: Harry Potter is dead!
Ginny Weasley: No!
Lucius Malfoy: My Lord... might it... be less, uh - might it not be more prudent to call off this attack and simply seek the boy yourself?
Lord Voldemort: I do not need to seek the boy! Before the night is out, he will come to ME! Do you understand!
Lord Voldemort: Look at me! How can you live with yourself, Lucius?
Lucius Malfoy: I don't know.
Lord Voldemort: Go and find Severus. Bring him to me.
Neville Longbottom: Ya, you and whose army?
Draco Malfoy: Well, well! What brings you here, Potter?
Harry Potter: I would ask you the same.
Draco Malfoy: You have something of mine, I'd like it back.
Harry Potter: What's wrong with the one you have?
Draco Malfoy: It's my mother's, it's powerful but it's... not the same. It doesn't quite... understand me. You know what I mean?
Harry Potter: Why didn't you tell her? Bellatrix.
Harry Potter: You knew it was me. You didn't say anything.
Gregory Goyle: Go on, Draco! Don't be a prat! Do him!
Draco Malfoy: Easy!
Harry Potter: Come on Tom, let's finish this the way we started, together.
Professor Severus Snape: Take them... take them, please.
Harry Potter: Hermione, give me a flask, anything!
Professor Severus Snape: Take them to the Pensieve... and look at me.
Professor Severus Snape: You have your mother's eyes.
Professor Albus Dumbledore: You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man.
Luna Lovegood: It's beautiful here.
Bill Weasley: It was our aunt's. We used to come here as kids. The order uses it now as a safe house. What's left of us at least.
Luna Lovegood: Muggles think these keep away evil, but they're wrong.
Harry Potter: I need to talk to the goblin.
Harry Potter: Ginny! Neville! Are you all right?
Neville Longbottom: Never better! I feel like I could spit fire! You haven't seen Luna have you?
Harry Potter: Luna?
Neville Longbottom: I'm mad for her. I think it's about time I told her, since we'll probably both be dead by dawn!
Ginny Weasley: I know.
Professor Severus Snape: You have performed extraordinary magic with this wand, my Lord, in the last hours alone.
Lord Voldemort: No, I am extraordinary, but the wand... it resists me.
Professor Severus Snape: There is no wand more powerful, Olivander himself has said. Tonight when the boy comes, it will not fail you I assure you.
Neville Longbottom: I'd like to say something...
Lord Voldemort: ...I think we'd all be fascinated to hear what you have to say.
Flitwick, Molly Weasley, Professor Horace Slughorn: Protego Maxima, Fianto Duri, Repello Inimicum.
Hermione Granger: Good morning!
Griphook: Good morning? You're Bellatrix Lestrange, not some dewey-eyed schoolgirl!
Lord Voldemort: Only I can live forever.
Professor Severus Snape: There is no wand more powerful. It answers to you, and to you only.
Minerva McGonagall: And Potter... it's good to see you.
Harry Potter: It's good to see you too, Professor.
Lord Voldemort: You have fought valiantly, but in vain.
Lord Voldemort: I do not wish this. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a terrible waste. I therefore command my forces to retreat.
Lord Voldemort: In their absence, dispose of your dead with dignity. Harry Potter, I now speak directly to you. On this night, you have allowed your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself.
Lord Voldemort: There is no greater dishonor. Join me in the Forbidden Forest and confront your fate. If you do not do this, I shall kill every last man, woman and child who tries to conceal you from me.
Minerva McGonagall: Potter, I assume you're here for a reason. What do you need?
Harry Potter: Time. As much as you can get me, Professor.
Minerva McGonagall: Do what you have to. I'll secure the castle.
Griphook: How did you come upon that sword?
Harry Potter: It's complicated. Why did Bellatrix Lestrange think it should be in her vault?
Griphook: It's complicated.
Lord Voldemort: Join me in the forest tonight and confront your fate.
Minerva McGonagall: Do what you have to do. I'll secure the castle.
Harry Potter: Together.
Harry Potter: What is that, Professor?
Professor Albus Dumbledore: Something that is beyond either of our help.
Kingsley Shacklebolt: Actually, Dean, better tell Professor McGonagall we may need two or three more wands on this side.
Harry Potter: Dumbledore trusted me to see this through.
Aberforth Dumbledore: What makes you think you can trust him? What makes you think you can believe anything my brother told you? In all the time you knew him, did he ever mention my name? Did he ever mention hers?
Harry Potter: Why should he...
Aberforth Dumbledore: ...Keep secrets, you tell me?
Harry Potter: I trusted him.
Aberforth Dumbledore: That's a boy's answer. A boy who goes chasing horcruxes on the word of a man who wouldn't even tell you where to start. You're lying!
Ron Weasley: We can end this.
Argus Filch: Where exactly will I be leading them to, ma'am?
Minerva McGonagall: The dungeons should do.
Rubeus Hagrid: Harry, no, what'r you doin' here!
Harry Potter: That's it, up there!
Harry Potter: He knows if we find them, and destroy all the horcruxes we'll be able to kill him. I reckon he'll stop at nothing to make sure we don't find the rest. There's more, one of them is at Hogwarts.
Young Petunia Dursley: Freak! I'm telling Mummy! You're a freak! You're a freak, Lily!
Professor Severus Snape: You are surely wondering why I have summoned you at this hour. It has come to my attention earlier this evening, Harry Potter was sighted in Hogsmeade.
Professor Severus Snape: Now, should anyone, student or staff, attempt to aid Mr. Potter, they will be punished in a manner consistent with the severity of their transgression.
Professor Severus Snape: Furthermore, any person found to have knowledge of these events who fails to come forward will be treated as... equally guilty. Now then...
Professor Severus Snape: ... if anyone in here has any knowledge of Mr. Potter's movements this evening...
Professor Severus Snape: ... I invite them to step forward... now.
Harry Potter: It seems, despite your exhaustive defenses strategies, you still have a bit of a security problem, Headmaster.
Harry Potter: I'm afraid it's quite extensive, how dare you stand where he stood. Tell them how it happened that night! Tell them how you looked him in the eye, a man who trusted you, and killed him! Tell them!
Minerva McGonagall: Coward!
Bellatrix Lestrange: My Lord? My Lord?
Lord Voldemort: I do not need your help.
Bellatrix Lestrange: My Lord!
Rubeus Hagrid: Harry? No.
Lord Voldemort: They never learn. Such a pity.
Hermione Granger: You're thinking there's a horcrux in Bellatrix's vault?
Bellatrix Lestrange: I wish to enter my vault.
Bellatrix Lestrange: I don't like to be kept waiting!
Ron Weasley: Is it here, Harry? Can you feel anything?
Ollivander: 12 and three quarter inches... unyielding. This belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange.
Helena Ravenclaw: I know what he's done! I know who he is! He defiled it! With dark magic!
Harry Potter: There's something hidden here in the castle, and it may help us defeat you-know-who.
Lord Voldemort: From this day forth, you put your faith... in me.
Ron Weasley: That doesn't sound good.
Lord Voldemort: ...Begin.
Lord Voldemort: The wand, does it truly answer to me? You're a clever man, Severus. Surely you must know. Where does its true loyalty lie?
Professor Severus Snape: With you... of course, my Lord.
Lord Voldemort: The Elder Wand cannot serve me properly because I am not its true master. The Elder Wand belongs to the wizard who killed its last owner.
Lord Voldemort: You killed Dumbledore, Severus. While you live, the Elder Wand cannot truly be mine. You've been a good and faithful servant Severus - but only I can live... forever.
Professor Severus Snape: My Lord...
Lord Voldemort: Nagini, kill!
Hermione Granger: Why didn't it work for him, the Elder Wand?
Harry Potter: It answered to somebody else. When he killed Snape, he thought the wand would become his, but the thing is, the wand never belonged to Snape. It was Draco who disarmed Dumbledore that night in the Astronomy Tower. From that moment on, the wand answered him... until the other night when I disarmed Draco at Malfoy Manor.
Ron Weasley: So that means...
Harry Potter: It's mine.
Ron Weasley: What should we do with it?
Hermione Granger: We?
Ron Weasley: I'm just saying - that's the Elder Wand, the most powerful wand in the world. With that, we'd be invincible!
Lord Voldemort: I know that many of you want to fight. Some of you may even think that to fight is wise, but this is folly. Give me Harry Potter. Do this and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave Hogwarts untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded. You have one hour.
Harry Potter: I'm ready to die.
Pius Thicknesse: My Lord...
Lord Voldemort: AVADA KEDAVRA!
Lord Voldemort: Come, Nagini, I need to keep you safe.
Pansy Parkinson: Let us out, you filthy Squib!
Pansy Parkinson: What you waiting for?
Pansy Parkinson: Someone grab him!
Griphook: I have no interest in gold.
Harry Potter: What then?
Griphook: That. That is my price.     