
Rayburn: A man can be an artist... in anything, food, whatever. It depends on how good he is at it. Creasy's art is death. He's about to paint his masterpiece.
Elderly Man: In the church, they say to forgive.
Creasy: Forgiveness is between them and God. It's my job to arrange the meeting.
Lisa: What are you gonna do?
Creasy: What I do best. I'm gonna kill 'em. Anyone that was involved. Anybody who profited from it. Anybody who opens their eyes at me.
Lisa: You kill 'em all.
Creasy: Revenge is a meal best served cold.
Sister Anna: Do you ever see the Hand of God in what you do?
Creasy: No, not for a long time.
Sister Anna: The Bible says, "Do not be over come with evil, but overcome...?
Creasy: But overcome evil with good."
Creasy: That's Romans Chapter 12 Verse 21.
Creasy: I am the sheep that got lost, Madre.
Pita: Dear God, I do not ask for health or wealth. People ask you so often that you can't have any left. Give me, God, what else you have. Give me what no-one else asks for. Amen.
Pita: Creasy
Pita: You're smiling.
Creasy: What?
Pita: You were smiling.
Creasy: No, I'm not.
Pita: You were.
Creasy: No, I was not.
Pita: You're not now, but you were.
Creasy: No, *you* were smiling, I wasn't smiling.
Pita: You were.
Creasy: When?
Pita: Like, five seconds ago.
Creasy: I'm not smiling.
Pita: Well, a second ago you were.
Creasy: No, you said five seconds ago, now that's six. Six seconds ago I was not smiling.
Pita: Okay, 10 seconds ago.
Creasy: 10 seconds ago, I was smiling. Okay, in the next 10 seconds let's see who smiles first.
Creasy: You smiled already. See? You did.
Pita: Mmm.
Creasy: No, that wasn't a - That was a smirk, that's not a smile. A smirk is different. They both start with "S," but they're not the same - Do your homework.
Pita: You were.
Rayburn: He'll deliver more justice in a weekend than ten years of your courts and tribunals.
Fuentes: You know, I-I'm a professional.
Creasy: That's what everybody keeps saying. "I'm just a professional". Everybody keeps saying that to me. "I'm just a professional", "I'm just a professional". I'm getting sick and tired of hearing that.
Pita: What was your first girlfriends' name?
Creasy: Nonya.
Pita: Nonya who?
Creasy: Nonya business.
Pita: I love you, Creasy. And you love me too, don't you?
Creasy: Yes, I do. With all my heart, Pita. Go.
Creasy: Do you think God'll forgive us for what we've done?
Rayburn: No.
Fuentes: A last wish, please, please. Please.
Creasy: Last wish? I wish you had more time.
Rayburn: Well, you know what they say. A bullet always tells the truth.
Creasy: Okay, my friend. It's off to the next life for you. I guarantee you, you won't be lonely.
Mariana: He's protected better than our president.
Creasy: He's gonna need it.
Creasy: I'm goin' home, too. I'm goin' to Blue Bayou.
Creasy: There is no such thing as tough. There is trained and untrained. Now which are you?
Creasy: I'm gonna take your family apart piece by piece, you understand me? Piece by piece.
song lyrics: A word does not say anything, and at the same time it hides everything. Just as the wind that hides the water, like the flowers that mud hides. A glance does not say anything, and at the same time it says everything. Like rain on your face, or an old treasure map. A truth does not say anything, and at the same time it hides everything. Like a bonfire that does not go out, like a stone that is born dust. If one day you need me, I will be nothing. And at the same time I will be everything. Because in your eyes are my wings, and the shore where I drown. Because in your eyes are my wings, and the shore where I drown.
Samuel: Your resume is quite impressive. 16 years of miltary experience, extensive counter-terrorism work. I'm surprised anyone could afford you, what's the catch?
Creasy: I drink.
Samuel: How does that affect you?
Creasy: Coordination, reaction time. Top professionals try to kidnap your daughter I'll do the best I can but the service will be on par with the pay.
Samuel: What if amateurs try?
Creasy: I'd probably kill 'em. That likely?
Samuel: No. No one is to know about your drinking. That includes my wife.
Pita: There are some good things in this world.
Creasy: Oh yeah, like what?
Pita: Like meeting me.
Daniel Sanchez: The most important thing in life, is family.
Pita: Do you have a girlfriend, Creasy?
Creasy: What?
Pita: Do you have a girlfriend?
Creasy: No. What kind of question is that, anyway? You're supposed to be studying history, okay?
Pita: It is history... Creasy history.
Creasy: No, that's ancient history.
Pita: You're late.
Creasy: I'm sorry.
Pita: Where's my mother?
Creasy: I dropped her at home.
Pita: It's no wonder you're late. Why didn't she just come with you?
Pita: Do you think my mom likes you?
Creasy: I think she's afraid of me. But not the same way most people are.
Pita: I'm not afraid of you.
Creasy: I know you're not.
Pita: Are you afraid of me?
Creasy: I used to be. At first. But not any more.
Pita: Good.
Creasy: I got all the time in the world. *You* don't, but I do.
Rayburn: She showed him it was OK to live again.
Creasy: Do you know what this is? It's a charger used by convicts to hide money and drugs they tuck it up their rectum. This is pencil detonator, timer, used as a receiver from the pager. This is C4 highly explosive; you put it all together you've got a bomb, not very sophisticated, but very powerful.
Creasy: That's what you have in your ass right now. Don't move! Don't move!
Creasy: Did you say good bye to her? Say good bye now.
Rayburn: Georgina!... Obey me, and I will love you.
Creasy: So that's how it works huh?
Rayburn: That's how it works.
Creasy: Does she have a sister?
Creasy: I am going to ask questions. If you don't answer fully and truthfully, you will suffer much more than you have to. I'm going to cut your fingers off. One by one, if I have to.
Lisa: She likes him
Samuel: What are you talking about?
Lisa: Creasy, Pita likes him.
Samuel: Pita loves school. She'd like Count Dracula if he took her back there, honey. Okay?
Creasy: The gunshot holds no fear, say it.
Pita: The gunshot holds no fear.
Creasy: You welcome the sound. In fact it's the sound that sets you free. You are a prisoner on this block until that sound sets you free.
Rayburn: And they're gonna wish they never touched a hair on her head.
Manzano: Mariana?
Mariana: Sí.
Manzano: When do I get to sleep with you again?
Mariana: We never sleep. We fuck.
Manzano: Do you recognize any of these men?
Creasy: No. That make me a suspect?
Manzano: No. It would be convenient, but no.
Daniel Sanchez: You have my family. So... how much do you want?
Creasy: Ah. Your brother wants to say something to you. Hold on.
John Creasy: Pita's parents are away in Juarez. I was...
Sister Anna: Today, you are her father.
Caption: There is a kidnapping every 60 minutes in Latin America.
Lisa: You should be sleeping, baby.
Pita: I'm trying, Mom
Lisa: Good news. You're going back to school
Pita: When?
Lisa: Samuel is going to hire a new bodyguard. It may take a few days, but you're going back
Pita: Could he speak English? Emilio couldn't speak English.
Lisa: We'll see. And thank your father in the morning. A man always needs to be thanked.
Lisa: You read the Bible Mr. Creasy?
Creasy: Yeah, sometimes.
Lisa: Does it help?
Creasy: Yeah, sometimes
Lisa: I'll call you from Detroit, baby.
Pita: You're going to miss Mexican Halloween. The day of the dead.
Samuel: You enjoy it for us, Pita.
Creasy: I'm gonna ask your wife a couple of questions. You move... you make one sound... I'll snatch the life right outta you, understand?
Chief Ramirez: This man, John W. Creasy, an American citizen, is under arrest for the murder of two officers of the Judicial Police and is suspected of possible involvement in the kidnapping of Lupita Martin Ramos.
Mariana: Chief Ramirez... Chief Ramirez... The two officers that were killed... records show they were off duty at the time... so why were they in uniform and in a patrol car?
Chief Ramirez: All I know is that they died bravely.
Mariana: Of course, but what exactly were they doing at the scene of the kidnapping? Or were they known for their exceptional good luck?
Manzano: They were known for being corrupt, and now are celebrated for being dead.
Creasy: A bullet always tells the truth.
Pita: I think he's been sick. He's all right now, but I think he's been very, very sick.
Creasy: They'll be back in a week.
Pita: They can stay for two weeks. I don't care.
Creasy: PITA, RUN! RUN!
Pita: Creasy!
Jorge Ramirez: What do want to know? What do you want to know? Huh? WHAT DO YOU WANT TO KNOW?
Caption: 70% of the victims do not survive.
Creasy: Pita, do you have a pencil?
Pita: I go to school, don't I?
Fuentes: The kidnapper will tell you to deliver the money alone. Por favor, don't do that or you will find your self in a real Mexican hell, no mariachi, and no tequila, and no Pita
Creasy: 2.5 million, that's what Victor got, isn't it? 2.5 million to your lawyer Jordan Kalfus that he put in an account in the Cayman Islands, but he won't get a chance to spend it. What happened to the other five Sam? Huh? That's 2.5, 2.5. What is five from ten? That's five. What happened to the other five, Sam?
Samuel: So what happened?
Jordan: Family paid the ransom. And they sent the kid home after a couple of days... minus an ear, of course.
Jordan: Look, Sammy, all my clients have, uh, kidnap and ransom insurance.
Samuel: I have a policy. A.I.G. My dad gave it to me.
Jordan: Yeah, I know. I got it for your dad. But what are you gonna do in sixty days when you can't renew it? You can't, because you don't have a bodyguard.
Samuel: I know, I had to let Emilio go.
Jordan: You gotta please Lisa. I mean, hey, ass like that's hard to find.
Creasy: do you think God will ever forgive us for what we've done?
Creasy: Revenge is a meal best served cold...
Rayburn: Creasy's art is death, and he is about to paint his masterpiece.
Creasy: There's trained and there's untrained. Now, which one are you?
Pita: CREASY!
Lisa: Do you have any family Mr. Creasy?
Creasy: No.
Pita: Where are you from, Creasy?
Creasy: The United States.
Pita: I know, but which state?
Creasy: No state in particular.
Pita: My mom and me are from Houston, Texas. Have you been there?
Creasy: No.
Pita: That's "Bird." Emilio forgot to take him with when he left.
Creasy: Who's Emilio?
Pita: My last bodyguard. He drove me to school in the morning and picked me up in the afternoon
Creasy: I'm here for you?
Pita: In between you can take Mum shopping and to lunch. Does that sound all right, Mr. Creasy?
Manzano: Ah! When I heard it was this hospital, I was so pleased. There is a pastry shop nearby. Delgado's. They have the best pastries in Mexico.
Rayburn: What's going on?
Manzano: Hospitals can be very dangerous places. Especially when you have killed two corrupt cops.
Daniel Sanchez: I will give you her life for your life. And in exchange I will get my life back.
Creasy: What life? Whose life?
Daniel Sanchez: The girl"s. Pita's.
Creasy: Pita's dead!
Daniel Sanchez: I'm a businessman. A girl dead is worth nothing to me.
Creasy: Forgiveness is between them and God... My job is to arrange the meeting.     