
Dave Boyle: Maybe some day you forget what it's like to be human and maybe then, it's ok.
Sean Devine: So Jimmy, when was the last time you saw Dave?
Jimmy Markum: The last time I saw Dave...
Sean Devine: Yeah, Dave Boyle.
Jimmy Markum: Dave Boyle...
Sean Devine: Yeah Jimmy, Dave Boyle.
Jimmy Markum: That was twenty-five years ago, going up this street, in the back of that car.
Jimmy: We bury our sins here, Dave. We wash them clean.
Sean Devine: Jimmy, what did you do?
Jimmy Markum: Jimmy Markum: Thanks for finding my daughter's killer, Sean. If only you'd been a little faster.
Sean Devine: You gonna send Celeste Boyle 500 a month too?
Sean Devine: The reality is we're still 11 year old boys locked in a cellar imagining what our lives would have been if we'd escaped.
Brendan Harris: I loved her so much. I'm never gonna feel that again. It doesn't happen twice.
Sean Devine: Doesn't happen once most times.
Jimmy Markum: And it's really starting to piss me off, Dave! She's my own little daughter, and I can't even cry for her!
Dave Boyle: Jimmy, you're crying now.
Sean Devine: What the fuck am I gonna tell him? "Hey, Jimmy. God said you owed another marker. He came to collect."
Jimmy Markum: This part... you do alone.
Jimmy: Is my daughter in there? Is she in there? Is she in there?
Sean Devine: Hey! Hey, take it easy! That's the father.
Jimmy: Is my daughter in there?
Jimmy: Motherfuckers! Is that my daughter in there? Is she in there?
Jimmy: Sean! Is that my daughter in there? Is that my daughter in there? No! No! No! No, aagggh, no! No! Oh, God! Oh, God! No!
Jimmy: You do death alone, but I coulda helped her with the dyin' part.
Brendan Harris: I know you can speak. So say it, say you love me.
Brendan Harris: Don't look at him, look at me say it say you love me!
Brendan Harris: My brother does nothing without you, huh!
John O'Shea: No, please stop!
Brendan Harris: I'm comin' back!
Brendan Harris: You love me so much you gotta kill my fucking girlfriend, huh? Speak you fuckin' freak, or I will you fucking kill you! Katie.Say it! Say it or you die!
Whitey Powers: The moment I laid eyes on him, I could tell he'd done time. They never lose it, you know. That tension, it settles up around their shoulders.
Sean Devine: He just lost his daughter, maybe that's what's settled in his shoulders.
Whitey Powers: No, that's in his stomach. The tension in his shoulders, that's prison.
Dave: Neighborhood needs a fucking crime wave. Get property values where they belong.
Sean Devine: Do you remember the man's name?
Liquor Store Owner: Do I look senile to you?
Sean Devine: Sometimes I think, I think all three of us got in that car...
Celeste Boyle: He's been acting kind of nuts lately. I'm almost afraid of him. Do you know something?
Jimmy Markum: I know he was taken in by the cops this morning. I know he saw Katie the night she was murdered. Didn't tell me about it until after the cops questioned him. And I know he's got a hand that looks like it's been punching a fucking wall. Is there anything else I should know?
Sean Devine: Okay. "Hey Sean, how was your day?" Oh me? I'm tired of wishing things made sense. I'm tired of caring about some dead girl, and there's just gonna be another one after her. Sending killers to jail is just sending them where they've been heading all their dumb, pathetic lives. The dead are still dead.
Jimmy Markum: They put her in a bag.
Theo: What's that?
Jimmy Markum: That's what Katie looked like when I saw her in the morgue. Like they put her in a bag and then they beat the bag with pipes. Janie died in her sleep, all due respect, but there you go. She went to sleep, she never woke up. Peaceful.
Theo: You don't need to talk about Janie.
Jimmy Markum: My daughter was murdered. They put a gun to her. As we stand here, she's on an autopsy slab getting cut open by scalpels and chest spreaders, and you're talking to me about domestic fucking responsibility? Good to see you, Theo.
Dave: So, I'm walking to my car, and this guy comes up to me and he asks for a light. I say I don't smoke. He says neither does he. So, my heart starts clocking a buck fifty, 'cause there's no one around but me and him.
Celeste Boyle: Oh, my God.
Dave: So that's when I see the knife. He says, 'Your wallet or your life, bitch. I'm leaving with one of 'em.'
Celeste Boyle: That's what he said?
Dave: Yeah! So I try to brush past him, and that's when he slices me.
Celeste Boyle: I thought you said that you swung on him first.
Dave: Jesus, Celeste, can I tell the fuckin' story?
Celeste Boyle: I'm sorry, babe. Ssshh.
Dave: I went fuckin' nuts on him, baby. I went off! I bashed his head on the parking lot. There was blood everywhere, and I might 'a' killed him!
Celeste Boyle: Killed him!
Celeste Boyle: Ssshh.
Dave: It makes you feel alone, you know, hurtin' somebody?
Jimmy Markum: I know in my soul I contributed to your death.
Dave Boyle: Hey, you think I can get that Sprite, Sean?
Sean Devine: Sure.
Dave Boyle: Oh, I get it. You're the good cop. How about a meatball sub while you're at it?
Sean Devine: I ain't your bitch, Dave. Looks like you're going to have to wait.
Dave Boyle: Yeah, but you're someone's bitch, aren't you, Sean?
Jimmy: One more time... about the boy, and I will cut you the fuck open!
Jimmy: I remember, I was more afraid of my little daughter than I ever was of being in prison.
Young Dave: I guess I don't know my own strength.
Young Jimmy: You know, Dave, that must be it.
Whitey Powers: The girl just wants to bed you; she don't wanna wed you. You don't even blink? She wants to worship at the temple of Sean Devine.
Jimmy Markum: Is that my daughter in there?
Jimmy Markum: Admit what you did.
Jimmy Markum: Shut up! It's MY daughter! So shut up!
Jimmy: How long?
Whitey Powers: How long what?
Jimmy: How long till you catch my daughter's killer? I need to know.
Annabeth Markum: Their daddy's a king. And a king knows what to do and *does* it. Even when it's hard. And their daddy will do whatever he has to for those he loves. And that's all that matters. Because everyone is weak, Jimmy. Everyone but us. We will never be weak. And you, you could rule this town. And after Jimmy, let's take the girls down to the parade. Katie would like that.
Annabeth Markum: Celeste called looking for you. She was worried something might happen. She told me about Dave. Told me what she told you. What kind of wive says those things about her husband? And why'd she run to you?
Jimmy Markum: Why did not you call?
Annabeth Markum: Because it's like I told the girls. Their daddy is a king. And a king knows what to do and does it.
Michael Boyle: Dad, you just said the F Word.
Katie Markum: If my dad sees you sneaking in my car, he'll shoot you.
Brendan Harris: What if your dad sees me doing this?
Katie Markum: He'll shoot you. And then he'll kill you.
Celeste Boyle: Michael, Michael, Michael, Michael, Michael.
Radio Announcer #1: ...before the end of the season last year, and then re-injured it in spring training on a terrific game-saving play. You know, I was talking with...
Sean's Father: What time is this going on?
Jimmy's Father: 7:30 is the pre-game.
Sean's Father: Who'd you say was pitching tonight?
Jimmy's Father: Tiant's pitching.
Sean's Father: Goddamn Cuban, man. He can hurl it.
Jimmy's Father: I'd hate to be facing him.     