
Jubei: Gemma, where are you hiding? When I die, I'll take you to Hell with me.
Jubei: Gemma! Burn in your golden HELL!
Utsutsu: You lured me in here because I am blind - is that your plan?
Jubei: Uh! Gemma...!
Kagero: I'm sorry.
Jubei: Forget about it. Haven't the retainers of the castle taken some action yet?
Kagero: They've had two hours.
Jubei: Hmm. I see.
Kagero: You knew it was a trap, and yet you still came to rescue me. Why did you do that? Why risk your life to save me?
Jubei: Because we're comrades.
Kagero: Comrades?
Jubei: Why not? We've helped each other out many times since we met yesterday. You're my comrade.
Jubei: Stay here. The Mochizuki clan has already backed out of this. You mission here is completed.
Kagero: I'm not done yet. I still have a debt that I owe to you.
Jubei: You can pay it back later.
Jubei: Not if you're dead, ninja Jubei! I'll take care of this right now!
Jubei: What are you doing?
Kagero: The old man told me how to do it - counteract the poison. "Kill poison with poison", he said. He said, if you make love to me, you'll be free from poison. Mine will destroy it... so you must take me now.
Kagero: What are you doing? You'll die unless you take me! Why not? Wait, Jubei!
Jubei: That will be your payment, old man. Make sure I never see you again.
Dakuan: Aha - so, you beat me. I thought I would shut your mouth in Edo, but on second thought, you probably wouldn't live that long as you so love risking your life. Everything ends exactly as I have written it!
Dakuan: To understand people's minds and control them is the secret of the ninja strategy. But only true sympathy can move the human heart. A pompous old ninja like me can't hope to do it.
Jubei: How long are you gonna stick with me?
Shogunate Envoy: Gemma, this gold will soon help us make our dream come true.
Lord Himuro Gemma: What dream?
Shogunate Envoy: Our great dream. We'll topple the Tokugawa government, and restore the reign of the house of Toyotomi. You wouldn't understand how we ex-Toyotomi retainers have suffered. This time, the Tokugawa will suffer those agonies. With the gold we intend to buy the most advanced weapons from Spain and use them against him. That is the true dream of all who work for the Shogun of the Dark.
Lord Himuro Gemma: Nonsense.
Shogunate Envoy: Wha... what did you say?
Lord Himuro Gemma: I said it's nonsense.
Shogunate Envoy: Watch your tongue! You're a mere ninja!
Lord Himuro Gemma: My dream is different. The gold won't go to the Shogun of the Dark.
Shogunate Envoy: What?
Lord Himuro Gemma: The Devils of Kimon will take the gold.
Shogunate Envoy: Damn you! Yaah!
Lord Himuro Gemma: I'll use the gold to organise the most powerful army of ninja ever, and we will rule the country with terror and power from the shadows. Anyone who disobeys me - Tokugawa, or Toyotomi, even the Shogun of the Dark - shall die.
Lord Himuro Gemma: That means the *real* Shogun of the Dark... is me!
Jubei: Reincarnation? He meant Gemma... Himuro Gemma has come back to life? That's absurd!
Jubei: Don't die! Kagero!
Kagero: Jubei...
Jubei: I told you to stay there!
Kagero: I owed you a favour... remember, Jubei?
Jubei: Kagero: It was the first time... anyone ever treated me as a woman, and not, not as a ninja warrior who was completely expendable. I knew I would become more attracted to you if we stayed together, but I needed that from you - please forgive me, I'm sorry. You were the only person who didn't care about my poisoned soul! Whether for an antidote, or just from compassion. I wish we could have made love just, just once!
Kagero: I was not honest, I was weak. I... needed... you!
Jubei: No... it's not over yet!
Kagero: Oh, Jubei... I'm so glad I met you and I'm, I'm happy... I...
Chamberlain: You, ninja girl! You've done well.
Kagero: You must hurry, or they'll get away! Are there any other members?
Chamberlain: Don't be worried, we've already surrounded this area.
Kagero: Then please, you must go quickly!
Kagero: Jubei!
Jubei: Kagero!
Dakuan: No, stop! Don't do it, it's a trap!
Chamberlain: You idiots! Sakaki Hyobu died two days ago!
Lord Himuro Gemma: I killed him myself.
Jubei: GEMMA!
Shijima: Interesting - he vanished. A strange technique.
Dakuan: Yours is interesting as well, my friend.
Lord Himuro Gemma: Yumimaru, report.
Yurimaru: Lord Gemma, all three have been killed.
Lord Himuro Gemma: Incompetent. All three are still alive!
Yurimaru: I will kill them myself.
Lord Himuro Gemma: You will stay where you are. Lure them there, then kill them. Understand?
Yurimaru: Yes.
Lord Himuro Gemma: I never expected to see you again. Not this soon... JUBEI!
Jubei: No... I know the way now! So leave me alone, alright?
Tessai: Not quite the right direction. The way to Hell is...
Tessai: RIGHT HERE!
Lord Himuro Gemma: I won't let you die before I torture you enough to pay me back. To pay me back for my destroyed dream!
Jubei: Your dream? Of becoming the only true Shogun of the Dark? That's a laugh. If you became a Shogun, there'd be nothing but devils in this world. If you so want the company of devils... you'd better hurry back to hell, Gemma!
Utsutsu: If you want to kill me, you mustn't make any sound at all.
Jubei: The only sound you'll hear... is the sound of your own voice, screaming.
Dakuan: They poisoned the wells, and killed the villagers, and then said it was an infectious disease. This was their method of keeping the curious away. They're planning something, something very extraordinary.
Jubei: I'm interested in finding out what it is they're planning.
Dakuan: That's admirable. But don't get yourself in too deep, or you'll surely wind up dead.
Jubei: Gemma! Did you miss the flames of hell? Is that why you came here?
Lord Himuro Gemma: So it's you, Jubei. I should've finished you off myself when I had the opportunity.
Jubei: I thought rats usually leave a sinking ship.
Lord Himuro Gemma: Heh! I suppose you want to avenge that ninja girl, Kagero. She's nothing compared to what I'm going to lose with this ship.
Jubei: Prepare to lose your life as well!
Dakuan: Well, this ninja girl is very useful. You see she has the technique of poisoning the man she sleeps with... In fact, the man you thought you killed, was poisoned by her. Anyone who makes love to her dies. So you see, she's perfect in this amoral world.
Jubei: Who was he, that devil back there? Never mind, I don't really want to meet him again.
Kagero: I'm grateful to you. I am Kagero of the Koga ninja team.
Jubei: My name's Jubei. Jubei Kibagami. Are you certain you're alright?
Kagero: I am not in danger anymore. Kakio is west of here. I must go now.
Hanza: Kagero! What are you doing here?
Kagero: Hanza, tell me why you have counted me out of this mission.
Hanza: Need I remind you, you have your own mission, don't you Kagero? Don't forget that poison tasting is a very important responsibility.
Kagero: While our lord is away, there is really no need for my expertise. Till he returns I belong with you... a member of your Koga ninja!
Hanza: But it is too dangerous!
Kagero: You might die on this mission. Do you expect me to just sit here and wait? Alone?
Koga Ninja: Kagero is beautiful, even more beautiful than before. That's why I pity her even more - it's her destiny. She must hate it.
Jubei: I'll kill you yet!
Lord Himuro Gemma: No one can kill me. This - you, of all men - should know by now.
Lord Himuro Gemma: I have become immortal as a true demon.
Jubei: Is that so?
Jubei: I swear if you... come back to life again, then I'll... kill you again, no matter how many times!
Yurimaru: Benisato... you mean the man Jubei Kibagami is the remnant of the government spies?
Benisato: Possibly.
Yurimaru: Why didn't you kill him?
Benisato: Someone interfered.
Yurimaru: No excuses accepted.
Yurimaru: If he is a government spy, he'll show up soon enough. Be sure to kill him next time.
Benisato: I don't need your advice on that. If you don't mind, I'll tell Gemma in bed later on, Yurimaru. Do you mind?
Yurimaru: Sleep well.
Dakuan: We're arriving. There's a weird bloody air hovering around here, as no hell lies beyond.
Utsutsu: Your sight is a weakness!
Yurimaru: Isn't Tessai back yet, Zakuro?
Zakuro: Benisato went to look for him. We're alone. Completely alone, Yurimaru. I've fallen madly in love with you. Oh, you know that, don't you?
Yurimaru: I don't need your love. You don't interest me even in the slightest. Now go and stand watch.
Zakuro: So, what I've heard is true. Have many pleasant dreams in Gemma's arms. But Gemma makes love to both men and women. Oh, by the way, do you know he regularly has Benisato? Oh, so you didn't?
Zakuro: It looks as if Yurimaru carelessly stepped into my trap; an unfortunate accident, but his own fault. Now he's the Queen of the Devils!
Jubei: Haven't you had enough yet? What are you thinking?
Kagero: Why have you become so desperate to die?
Jubei: It's not me who's so desperate to throw my life away to return a favour! You're acting as if your life is worthless or something! Because of your body? Is it true then, that you kill whichever man sleeps with you - by poisoning him?
Kagero: You'll know if you sleep with me.
Kagero: No, you fool! Poison is seeped into every part of my being. It's become so strong that even the touch of my lips can kill you instantly. No one can ever touch me. If you dare to, you're dead.
Jubei: Is your heart filled with poison as well?
Kagero: How dare you!
Jubei: I hate those who think so little of their own worth.
Kagero: What do you know of it? You will never know.
Bandit Boss: Thanks to your interference, Jubei, we lost 300 pieces of gold! I can't go back empty-handed!
Jubei: Well, perhaps you won't have to go back completely empty-handed...
Jubei: Bite?
Bandit Boss: Then, it's true! They hired you for only 20 pieces of gold, Jubei?
Jubei: Yeah.
Bandit Boss: But the sword we stole was a precious treasure given by the Shogun! And they're paying you only 20 pieces of gold for getting it back for them?
Bandit Boss: You fool!
Jubei: They're a poor, small clan. You can't swindle 300 pieces of gold for a sword. You're asking too much - you're the fool!
Bandit Boss: Shut up! Damn you!
Jubei: Looks like a storm is brewing here. I better get movin'!
Jubei: It hurts... that makes us even, doesn't it? Let's just call it quits!
Tessai: Not until you have paid your debt.
Jubei: That's not very smart... first of all, don't you think that if we keep this up, it's almost certain one of us is gonna die?
Tessai: One of us? Yes.
Jubei: There's no reason we should kill each other...
Jubei: That's the only sensible answer! Isn't it?
Tessai: Well, answer THIS!
Jubei: Ahem.
Tessai: Hey, piss off. I'm busy.
Tessai: Can't you hear me? Beat it!
Jubei: Do me a favor - y-y'see, I'm lost and I need to find the quickest way from here to Kakio? I'm really sorry to bother you, but the highway was closed...
Jubei: My best hat!
Tessai: Shut up. And perhaps I'll let you live just a little bit longer. Don't let it cross your mind that I wouldn't mind raping a dead girl.
Tessai: Better...
Tessai: Nice try. I'll get rid of this pesky insect, and then I'll kill you!
Tessai: What now? You regret not running away?
Jubei: No. As a matter of fact, I've been thinking about... your body. It seems to me that... your body can't be as hard as rock all over, now, can it?
Yurimaru: Do you feel the agony, Jubei?
Benisato: What's your destination, stranger?
Jubei: No place in particular. Just moving.
Benisato: I'm looking for someone... and you look exactly like him. So I...
Jubei: All strangers look alike. I'm a vagabond named Jubei Kibagami.
Benisato: It was exactly your face. Tessai copied your visage in his palm... his death is your fault!
Benisato: Die!
Jubei: Weave your spells on someone else!
Jubei: Now you need the antidote as well, old man.
Dakuan: Oh, boy. You're such a fool. That isn't the same dart that stabbed you. I threw that hellish thing away!
Jubei: Demon!
Dakuan: Jubei Kibagami, you have lost this time. Well, live and learn. My name is Dakuan. Let's be friends!
Benisato: Answer my question. Are there more than just you and the travelling monk?
Jubei: Of course. There's a whole army - even if you sent one of these snakes for each one, you wouldn't have enough. You'll see.
Benisato: Hmph - what lies!
Jubei: Okay - I'll tell you the truth! Well, there's... the monk and myself, and one other. She's right behind you!
Kagero: Get rid of the snakes. Get rid of them all!
Benisato: Her sting is most deadly!
Kagero: Get rid of them!
Kagero: And now it is your turn to answer this. What are you doing in this village? Well, speak!
Benisato: Jubei: Get rid of the wasps! Do you hear me?
Mushizo: I'm afraid you must defeat me first.
Mushizo: Do you think I escaped into this water mill?
Jubei: No, I don't. But I have many questions to ask of you, demon... but I will ask only one. Is Himuro Gemma still alive?
Mushizo: Why ask?
Jubei: Because I sent Gemma to Hell once already!
Mushizo: Oh, is that so? Then I must be careful - unlike Gemma, I don't have the ability to reincarnate myself.
Jubei: Reincarnation?
Mushizo: So, you have harmed the wasps' home!
Dakuan: What are you planning to do?
Kagero: The man you hired will die of poison soon unless you give him an antidote. You must tell me how to save him.
Dakuan: Why ninja girl, you amaze me. Do you mean to tell me that... you're in love with him?
Kagero: Old fool, he saved my life and I'm simply... returning the favour!
Dakuan: I don't think so. Imagine a ninja woman who believes she's falling in love...
Dakuan: If you kill me, then he will die as well.
Kagero: Hmm. Yes that's true, but your mission won't be accomplished either.
Kagero: Tell me - why did you join him, Jubei?
Jubei: He hired me. For a hundred pieces of gold.
Kagero: Will you do anything for money? A ninja for hire?
Jubei: That's right. But it seems that he's beaten me this time.
Jubei: You see, he trapped me. Looks like I'm gonna die of this poison in about half a day.
Kagero: Jubei: He also promised me an antidote besides the gold pieces. That's why I work for him. I can't back out now. You better go away while I divert their attention.
Kagero: I couldn't do that. I would end up owing you another debt.
Jubei: I can't sell your debt, okay?
Kagero: Look, I told you, I don't take orders from you! And I'm ready to die at any given moment.
Jubei: You don't have to convince me you're tough.
Kagero: No?
Jubei: Oh, damn it! It's this hot and damp air. I wish a storm would come so a shower would cool your head.
Kagero: You're in no position to worry about me.     