
Doc Holliday: I'm your huckleberry...
Curly Bill: Wyatt Earp, huh? I heard of you.
Ike Clanton: Listen, Mr. Kansas Law Dog. Law don't go around here. Savvy?
Wyatt Earp: I'm retired.
Curly Bill: Good. That's real good.
Ike Clanton: Yeah, that's good, Mr. Law Dog, 'cause law don't go around here.
Wyatt Earp: I heard you the first time.
Wyatt Earp: Winner to the King, five hundred dollars.
Curly Bill: Shut up, Ike.
Johnny Ringo: And you must be Doc Holliday.
Doc Holliday: That's the rumor.
Johnny Ringo: You retired too?
Doc Holliday: Not me. I'm in my prime.
Johnny Ringo: Yeah, you look it.
Doc Holliday: And you must be Ringo. Look, darling, Johnny Ringo. The deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill, they say. What do you think, darling? Should I hate him?
Kate: You don't even know him.
Doc Holliday: Yes, but there's just something about him. Something around the eyes, I don't know, reminds me of... me. No. I'm sure of it, I hate him.
Wyatt Earp: He's drunk.
Doc Holliday: In vino veritas.
Johnny Ringo: Age quod agis.
Doc Holliday: Credat Judaeus apella, non ego.
Johnny Ringo: Eventus stultorum magister.
Doc Holliday: In pace requiescat.
Tombstone Marshal Fred White: Come on boys. We don't want any trouble in here. Not in any language.
Doc Holliday: Evidently Mr. Ringo's an educated man. Now I really hate him.
Turkey Creek Jack Johnson: Doc, you oughta be in bed, what the hell you doin this for anyway?
Doc Holliday: Wyatt Earp is my friend.
Turkey Creek Jack Johnson: Hell, I got lots of friends.
Doc Holliday: I don't.
Doc Holliday: You're no daisy! You're no daisy at all. Poor soul, you were just too high strung.
Billy Clanton: Why, it's the drunk piano player. You're so drunk, you can't hit nothin'. In fact, you're probably seeing double.
Doc Holliday: I have two guns, one for each of ya.
Wyatt Earp: What makes a man like Ringo, Doc? What makes him do the things he does?
Doc Holliday: A man like Ringo has got a great big hole, right in the middle of him. He can never kill enough, or steal enough, or inflict enough pain to ever fill it.
Wyatt Earp: What does he need?
Doc Holliday: Revenge.
Wyatt Earp: For what?
Doc Holliday: Bein' born.
Doc Holliday: Why Johnny Ringo, you look like somebody just walked over your grave.
Wyatt Earp: All right, Clanton... you called down the thunder, well now you've got it! You see that?
Wyatt Earp: It says United States Marshal!
Ike Clanton: Wyatt, please, I...
Wyatt Earp: Take a good look at him, Ike... 'cause that's how you're gonna end up!
Wyatt Earp: The Cowboys are finished, you understand? I see a red sash, I kill the man wearin' it!
Wyatt Earp: So run, you cur... RUN! Tell all the other curs the law's comin'!
Wyatt Earp: You tell 'em I'M coming... and hell's coming with me, you hear?...
Wyatt Earp: Hell's coming with me!
Johnny Ringo: My fight's not with you, Holliday.
Doc Holliday: I beg to differ, sir. We started a game we never got to finish. "Play for Blood," remember?
Johnny Ringo: Oh that. I was just foolin' about.
Doc Holliday: I wasn't.
Billy Clanton: Is that "Old Dog Trey? Sounds like "Old Dog Trey."
Doc Holliday: Pardon?
Billy Clanton: Stephen Foster. "Oh, Susannah", "Camptown Races". Stephen stinking Foster.
Doc Holliday: Ah, yes. Well, this happens to be a nocturne.
Billy Clanton: A which?
Doc Holliday: You know, Frederic fucking Chopin.
Doc Holliday: Oh. Johnny, I apologize; I forgot you were there. You may go now.
Ike Clanton: What is that now? Twelve hands in a row? Holliday, son of a bitch, nobody's that lucky.
Doc Holliday: Why Ike, whatever do you mean? Maybe poker's just not your game Ike. I know! Let's have a spelling contest!
Sherman McMasters: Where is he?
Doc Holliday: Down by the creek, walking on water.
Doc Holliday: Why Ed does this mean we're not friends anymore? You know Ed, if I thought you weren't my friend... I just don't think I could bear it!
Doc Holliday: What did you ever want?
Wyatt Earp: Just to live a normal life.
Doc Holliday: There's no normal life, Wyatt, it's just life. Get on with it.
Wyatt Earp: Don't know how.
Doc Holliday: Sure you do. Say goodbye to me. Go grab that spirited actress and make her your own. Take that beauty from it, don't look back. Live every second. Live right on to the end. Live Wyatt. Live for me. Wyatt, if you were ever my friend - if ya ever had even the slightest of feelin' for me, leave now. Leave now... Please.
Wyatt Earp: Thanks for always being there, Doc.
Turkey Creek Jack Johnson: Nobody move!
Doc Holliday: Nonsense. By all means, move.
Doc Holliday: Nonsense, I have not yet begun to defile myself.
Wyatt Earp: Go ahead, skin it! Skin that smokewagon and see what happens!
Johnny Tyler: Listen, mister, I - I'm - I'm - I'm gettin' awful tired of your...
Wyatt Earp: I'm gettin' tired of your gas. Now jerk that pistol and go to work!
Wyatt Earp: I said throw down, boy!
Wyatt Earp: How are you?
Doc Holliday: I'm dying, how are you?
Wyatt Earp: How many cards do you want?
Doc Holliday: I don't want to play any more.
Wyatt Earp: How many?
Doc Holliday: Damn it, you're the most fallible, stubborn, self-deluded, bullheaded man I've ever known in my entire life.
Wyatt Earp: I call.
Wyatt Earp: You win.
Doc Holliday: You're the only human being in my entire life that ever gave me hope...
Wyatt Earp: Well, I'll be damned.
Doc Holliday: You may indeed, if you get lucky.
Frank McLaury: I've got you now... you son of a bitch!
Doc Holliday: You're a daisy if you do!
Johnny Ringo: Well,I didn't think ya had it in you.
Doc Holliday: I'm your huckleberry.
Doc Holliday: Why, Johnny Ringo, you look like somebody just walked over your grave.
Johnny Ringo: Fight's not with you, Holliday.
Doc Holliday: I'll beg to differ, sir. We started a game we never got to finish. Play for blood, remember?
Johnny Ringo: I was just foolin' about.
Doc Holliday: I wasn't. And this time...
Doc Holliday: ... it's legal.
Johnny Ringo: All right, lunger. Let's do it.
Doc Holliday: Say when.
Doc Holliday: Poor soul. You were just too high-strung.
Doc Holliday: I'm afraid the strain was more than he could bear. Oh, I wasn't quite as sick as I made out.
Wyatt Earp: Good God.
Doc Holliday: My hypocrisy goes only so far.
Wyatt Earp: All right. Let's finish it.
Doc Holliday: Indeed, sir. The last charge of Wyatt Earp and his immortals
Doc Holliday: Make no mistake, it's not revenge he's after. It's a reckonin'.
Doc Holliday: Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
Narrator: The Red Sash Cowboy Gang was broken forever. Ike Clanton was shot and killed two years later during an attempted robbery. Mattie died of a drug overdose shortly after she left Tombstone. Virgil and Allie Earp moved to California where Virgil, despite the use of only one arm, became a town sheriff. Wyatt and Josephine embarked on a series of adventures. Up or down, thin or flush, in 47 years they never left each other's side. Wyatt Earp died in Los Angeles in 1929. Among the pallbearers at his funeral, were early western stars William S. Hart and Tom Mix. Tom Mix wept.
Curly Bill: Hey Johnny, what did that Mexican mean by a sick horse is going to get us?
Johnny Ringo: He was quoting the Bible, Revelations. "Behold the pale horse". The man who "sat on him was Death... and Hell followed with him".
Wyatt Earp: From now on I see a red sash, I kill the man wearing it. So run you cur. And tell the other curs the law is coming. You tell 'em I'm coming! And Hell's coming with me you hear! Hell's coming with me!
Wyatt Earp: Sheriff Behan, have you met Doc Holliday?
Doc Holliday: Piss on you, Wyatt.
Florentino: He talkin loco... crazy... somethin' about a sick horse comin' to get us.
Johnny Ringo: That's not what he said, you ignorant wretch. Your Spanish is worse than your English.
Doc Holliday: It appears my hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Wyatt Earp: Doc you're not a hypocrite, you just like to sound like one.
Doc Holliday: It's true, you are a good woman. Then again, you may be the antichrist.
Doc Holliday: I stand corrected, Wyatt. You're an oak.
Wyatt Earp: You gonna do somethin' or just stand there and bleed?
Texas Jack: Did you ever see anything like that before?
Turkey Creek Jack Johnson: Hell, I ain't never even heard of anything like that.
Morgan Earp: Remember what I said about people seein' a bright light before they die? It ain't true. I can't see a damn thing.
Johnny Ringo: All right, 'lunger'. Let's do it.
Doc Holliday: Say when.
Doc Holliday: It would appear that the strain was more than he could bear.
Doc Holliday: Why Kate, you're not wearing a bustle. How lewd.
Wyatt Earp: You die first, get it? Your friends might get me in a rush, but not before I make your head into a canoe, you understand me?
Virgil Earp: What the hell kinda town is this?
Morgan Earp: Nice scenery.
Doc Holliday: Well, an enchanted moment.
Josephine Marcus: Interesting little scene. I wonder who that tall drink of water is.
Mr. Fabian: My dear, you've set your gaze upon the quintessential frontier type. Note the lean silhouette... eyes closed by the sun, though sharp as a hawk. He's got the look of both predator and prey.
Josephine Marcus: I want one.
Mr. Fabian: Happy hunting.
Wyatt Earp: How we feelin' today, Doc?
Doc Holliday: I'm dying. How are you?
Wyatt Earp: Pretty much the same.
Frank Stillwell: That's Virgil there with the women.
Ike Clanton: He's mine, understand?
Frank Stillwell: Hey Mattie! Where's Wyatt?
Wyatt Earp: Right behind you, Stillwell.
Wyatt Earp: Fight's commenced! Get to fightin' or get away!
Curly Bill: You know what I'd do? I'd take that deal 'n' crawfish, then drill that ol' Devil in the ass. What about you Juanito, what would you do?
Johnny Ringo: I already did it.
Doc Holliday: Very cosmopolitan.
Doc Holliday: My hypocrisy goes only so far.
Doc Holliday: Why Johnny Tyler! You madcap!
Johnny Tyler: Doc?
Doc Holliday: Where you goin' with that shotgun?
Narrator: 1879 - the Civil War is over, and the resulting economic explosion spurs the great migration west. Farmers, ranchers, prospectors, killers, and thieves seek their fortune. Cattle growers turn cow towns into armed camps, with murder rates higher than than those of modern day New York or Los Angeles. Out of this chaos comes legendary lawman Wyatt Earp, retiring his badge and gun to start a peaceful life for his family. Earp's friend, John, Doc Holliday, a southern gentlemen turned gunman and gambler, also travels west, hoping the dry climate would relieve his tuberculosis. Silver is discovered in Arizona. Tombstone becomes queen of the boom towns where the latest Pairs fashions are sold from the backs of wagons. Attracted to this atmosphere of greed, over 100 exiled Texas outlaws band together to form the ruthless gang recognized by the red sashes they wear. They emerge as the earliest example of organized crime in America. They call themselves, The Cowboys.
Wyatt Earp: I don't think I'll let you arrest us today, Behan.
Wyatt Earp: I have nothing left, nothing to give you, I have no pride, no dignity, no money, I don't even know how we'll make a living, but I promise I'll love you the rest of your life
Wyatt Earp: I just want you to know it's over between us.
Curly Bill: Well... bye.
Johnny Ringo: Smell that, Bill? Smells like someone died.
Johnny Tyler: Well, for a man that don't go heeled, you run your mouth kinda reckless, don't you?
Wyatt Earp: No need to go heeled to get the bulge on a tub like you.
Wyatt Earp: I did my duty, now I'd like to get on with my life. I'm going to Tombstone.
Crawley Dake: Ah, I see. To strike it rich. Well, all right, that's fine. Tell you one thing, though... I never saw a rich man who didn't wind up with a guilty conscience.
Wyatt Earp: Already got a guilty conscience. Might as well have the money, too. Good day, now.
Johnny Ringo: So, there's nothin' I can say to get you to come back?
Sherman McMasters: Not after what you done. Not after shootin' at the Earp's women.
Johnny Ringo: All right then, I guess you can just get back on your horse and ride back down there to your new friends.
Ike Clanton: Hey. I just got one question; how're you planning on gettin' back down there?
Doc Holliday: You must be Ringo.
Doc Holliday: Look, darlin', it's Johnny Ringo. Deadliest pistoleer since Wild Bill, they say. What do you think, darlin', should I hate him?
Wyatt Earp: "It's not your problem, Doc, you don't have to mix up in this."
Doc Holliday: "That is a hell of a thing for you to say to me."
Josephine: I'm a woman, I like men. If that means I'm not "lady-like", then I guess I'm just not a lady! At least I'm honest.
Wyatt Earp: You're different. No arguin' that. But you're a lady alright. I'd take my oath on it.
Johnny Ringo: I want your blood. And I want your souls. And I want them both right now!
Doc Holliday: And so she walked out of our lives forever.
Ike Clanton: What's wrong with him?
Milt Joyce (owner: Lunger.
Ike Clanton: Yeah, well I hope you die.
Johnny Ringo: You gonna stick with your new friends?
Sherman McMasters: 'Least they don't go around scarin' women.
Morgan Earp: It said that a lot of people, when they die, they see this light. Like in a tunnel. They say it's the light leadin' you to heaven.
Wyatt Earp: Really? Well, what about hell? They got a sign there or what?
Kate: I've been good to you, I've taken care of you. If you die, where does that leave me?
Doc Holliday: Without a meal ticket I suppose.
Kate: You bastard!
Doc Holliday: Why Kate, have you no kind words for me as I ride away?
Doc Holliday: I calculate not.
Mexican Groom: You go hell!
Curly Bill: You first.
Wyatt Earp: I spent my whole life not knowing what I want out of it, just chasing my tail. Now for the first time I know exactly what I want and who... that's the damnable misery of it.
Doc Holliday: Weave a circle round him thrice, / And close your eyes with holy dread, / For he on honey-dew hath fed, / And drunk the milk of Paradise.
Wyatt Earp: In all that time workin' those cow towns, I was only ever mixed up in one shootin', just one! But a man lost his life and I took it! You don't know how that feels, and believe me boy, you don't ever want to know. Not ever!
Morgan Earp: Look at all the stars. You look up and you think, "God made all this and He remembered to make a little speck like me." It's kind of flattering, really.
Sherman McMasters: If they were my brothers, I'd want revenge, too.
Doc Holliday: Oh, make no mistake. It's not revenge he's after. It's a reckoning.
Wyatt Earp: You could have been busted up back there, or killed.
Josephine Marcus: Fun, though, wasn't it?
Wyatt Earp: You'd die for fun?
Josephine Marcus: Wouldn't you?
Wyatt Earp: What in the hell are you doin'? I told you we weren't gettin' involved!
Virgil Earp: You got us involved when you brought us here.
Wyatt Earp: Now you hold on a minute, Virg!
Virgil Earp: Hold on nothin'! I walk around this town and look these people in the eyes. It's just like someone's slappin' me in the face! These people are afraid to walk down the street, and I'm tryin' to make money off that like some goddamn vulture! If we're gonna have a future in this town, it's gotta have some law and order!
Wyatt Earp: Don't do this to me!
Virgil Earp: It's got nothin' to do with you! It's got to do wi...
Wyatt Earp: Nothin' to do with me? I'm your brother, for Christ's sake! God, I don't believe this!
Wyatt Earp: Talk to him, will you? Or hit him!
Wyatt Earp: Ah, God, don't tell me!
Morgan Earp: Like you said, Wyatt, we're brothers. Gotta back your brother's play. Just did like I figured you would.
Allie Earp: Tonight, me and my old man are gonna have some fun. Come on, get movin', old man.
Virgil Earp: Maiden name was Sullivan.
Kate: How are you feeling Doc?
Doc Holliday: Better.
Kate: That's good. I knew it was nothing.
Doc Holliday: We must talk darling. It appears we must redefine the nature of our association.
Kate: I'm a good woman to you Doc. Don't I always take care of you? Nobody cares for you like me. I'm a good woman.
Doc Holliday: Yes, it's true you are a good woman. Then again, you may be the anti-christ.
Doc Holliday: Maybe poker's just not your game, Ike. I know: let's have a spelling contest.
Wyatt Earp: You're the only person I can afford to loose to any more. How we feelin' today doc?
Doc Holliday: I'm dyin', how are you?
Wyatt Earp: Pretty much the same.
Sheriff John Behan: You are all under arrest.
Wyatt Earp: I don't think I'm going to allow you to arrest us today, Behan.
Wyatt Earp: Okay, fine. Say you're right, say you don't get yourself killed. There's somethin' else. All those years I worked those cow towns, I was only ever mixed up in one shootin', just one. But a man lost his life, and I took it. You don't know how that feels, Morg. Believe me, boy, you don't ever wanna know. Not ever.
Doc Holliday: Sheriff, allow me to present a pair of fellow sophisticates. Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack Vermillion. Mind your ear, Creek.
Johnny Tyler: Christ Almighty, it's like I'm sittin' here playin' cards with my brother's kids or somethin'. You nerve-wrackin' sons-a-bitches.
Curly Bill: Looks like we win.
Wyatt Earp: How the hell did we get ourselves into this?
Barnes: Wearing that badge don't make you right.
Wyatt Earp: Oh my God.
Sheriff John Behan: We're growing. Be as big as San Francisco in a few years, and just as sophisticated.     