
Stevens: You know what I am doing, Miss Kenton? I am placing my thoughts elsewhere while you chatter away.
Lewis: You are, all of you, amateurs. And international affairs should never be run by gentlemen amateurs. Do you have any idea of what sort of place the world is becoming all around you? The days when you could just act out of your noble instincts, are over. Europe has become the arena of realpolitik, the politics of reality. If you like: real politics. What you need is not gentlemen politicians, but real ones. You need professionals to run your affairs, or you're headed for disaster!
Stevens: In my philosophy, Mr. Benn, a man cannot call himself well-contented until he has done all he can to be of service to his employer. Of course, this assumes that one's employer is a superior person, not only in rank, or wealth, but in moral stature.
Miss Kenton: Look at it! Is that or is it not the wrong chinaman?
Stevens: Miss Kenton, I'm very busy. I am surprised that you have nothing better to do than stand around all day...
Miss Kenton: Mr. Stevens, look at that chinaman and tell me the truth!
Stevens: Miss Kenton, I would ask you to keep your voice down. What would the other servants think to hear us shouting at the top of our voices about... chinamen?
Miss Kenton: And I would ask you, Mr. Stevens, to turn around and look at the chinaman.
Miss Kenton: What's in that book? Come on, let me see!
Stevens: This is my private time. You're invading it.
Miss Kenton: Oh, is that so?
Stevens: Yes.
Miss Kenton: I'm invading your private time, am I?
Stevens: Yes.
Father: There was this English butler out in India. One day, he goes in the dining room and what does he see under the table ? A tiger. Not turning a hair, he goes straight to the drawing room. "Hum, hum. Excuse me, my lord," and whispering, so as not to upset the ladies : "I'm very sorry my lord. There appears to be a tiger in the dining room. Perhaps his Lordship will permit use of the twelve bores ?" They go on drinking their tea. And then, there's three gunshots. Well, they don't think nothing of it, this being out in India where they're used to anything. When the butler is back to refresh the teapots, he says, cool as a cucumber : "Dinner will be served at the usual time, my lord. And I am pleased to say there will be no discernible traces left of the recent occurence by that time." There will be no discernible traces of the recent occurrence by that time!
James Stevens: If two members of staff have to fall in love and decide to get married, there's nothing one can say. But what I do find a major irritation are those persons who are simply going from post to post looking for romance.
Stevens: I was too busy serving to listen to the speeches.
Stevens: I'm sorry sir, but I am unable to be of assistance in this matter.
Miss Kenton: Why? Why, Mr. Stevens, why do you always have to hide what you feel?
Reginald Cardinal: You remember that American, Stevens, calling Lord Darlington an Amateur? Well he was right, Stevens. He was damn right.
Doctor Richard Carlisle: If a mistake was to be made, wouldn't you rather have made your own?
Miss Kenton: Mister Stevens! Am I to take it that after all the years I have been in this house you have nothing else to say to me?
Stevens: You have my warmest congratulations.
Stevens: Do you know what I'm doing, Miss Kenton? I'm putting my thoughts elsewhere while you chatter on.
Sir Geoffrey Wren: So, gentlemen, you speak of Jews and Gypsies, Negroes, and so on so forth. But one has to regard the racial laws of the Fascists as a sanitary measure much overdue, in my opinion.
Wren's Friend: But imagine trying to enforce such a rule in this country.
Sir Geoffrey Wren: My Lord, my Lord, you cannot run a country without a penal system. Here we call them prisons. Over there they call them concentration camps. What's the difference? Ah, Stevens, is there any meat of any kind in this soup?
Miss Kenton: Why do people clap when the lights come on?
Stevens: For some people the evening is the best part of the day...     