
Little Bill Daggett: You'd be William Munny out of Missouri. Killer of women and children.
Will Munny: That's right. I've killed women and children. I've killed just about everything that walks or crawled at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you did to Ned.
Little Bill Daggett: I don't deserve this... to die like this. I was building a house.
Will Munny: Deserve's got nothin' to do with it.
Little Bill Daggett: I'll see you in hell, William Munny.
Will Munny: Yeah.
The Schofield Kid: It don't seem real... how he ain't gonna never breathe again, ever... how he's dead. And the other one too. All on account of pulling a trigger.
Will Munny: It's a hell of a thing, killing a man. Take away all he's got and all he's ever gonna have.
The Schofield Kid: Yeah, well, I guess they had it coming.
Will Munny: We all got it coming, kid.
Will Munny: Who's the fellow owns this shithole?
Will Munny: You, fat man. Speak up.
Skinny Dubois: Uh, I... I own this establishment. I bought the place from Greeley for a thousand dollars.
Will Munny: You better clear outta there.
Man: Yes, sir.
Little Bill Daggett: Just hold it right there. Hold it...!
Little Bill Daggett: Well, sir, you are a cowardly son of a bitch! You just shot an unarmed man!
Will Munny: Well, he should have armed himself if he's going to decorate his saloon with my friend.
Will Munny: All right, I'm coming out. Any man I see out there, I'm gonna shoot him. Any sumbitch takes a shot at me, I'm not only gonna kill him, but I'm gonna kill his wife, all his friends, and burn his damn house down.
Will Munny: You better bury Ned right!... Better not cut up, nor otherwise harm no whores... or I'll come back and kill every one of you sons of bitches.
Bill Munny: I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.
Delilah Fitzgerald: Are you still goin' to kill those men?
Will Munny: I reckon so. The money's still available, ain't it?
Delilah Fitzgerald: Yeah. Your two friends have been taking advances on the money.
Will Munny: What?
Delilah Fitzgerald: You know, free ones.
Delilah Fitzgerald: Alice and Silky been givin' them free ones. Would you like a free one?
Will Munny: I reckon not.
Delilah Fitzgerald: I didn't mean with me. Alice and Silky would be glad to give you one.
Will Munny: I meant I didn't want a free one with Alice or Silky. Because of my wife back home. I reckon if I was to want a free one, it would be with you.
Ned Logan: I sure do miss my bed.
Will Munny: You said that last night.
Ned Logan: No, last night I said I missed my wife, tonight I just miss my dadgum bed.
Little Bill Daggett: Look son, being a good shot, being quick with a pistol, that don't do no harm, but it don't mean much next to being cool-headed. A man who will keep his head and not get rattled under fire, like as not, he'll kill ya.
W.W. Beauchamp: But if the other fella is quicker, and fires first...
Little Bill Daggett: Then he'll be hurrying, and he'll miss. Look here...
Little Bill Daggett: That's about as fast as I can draw, and aim, and hit anything more than ten feet away... 'less it's a barn.
W.W. Beauchamp: But if he doesn't miss?
Little Bill Daggett: Then he'll kill ya.
Little Bill Daggett: Yeah, that's why there's so few dangerous men around like old Bob, like me. It ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow, especially if the son-of-a-bitch is shootin' back at you. I mean, that'll just flat rattle some folks.
Will Munny: Any man don't wanna get killed better clear on out the back.
Bill Munny: It's a hell of a thing, killin' a man. Take away all he's got, and all he's ever gonna have.
Little Bill Daggett: First off, Corky never carried two guns. Though he should have.
W.W. Beauchamp: No, no, he was, he was called "Two-Gun Corcoran."
Little Bill Daggett: Yeah well, a lot of folks did call him "Two-Gun" but that wasn't because he was sporting two pistols. That was because he had a dick that was so big it was longer than the barrel of that Walker Colt that he carried. And the only "insultin' to a lady" he ever did was to stick that thing of his into this French lady that Bob here was kind of sweet on.
Will Munny: I ain't like that no more. I ain't the same, Ned. Claudia, she straightened me up, cleared me of drinkin' whiskey and all. Just 'cause we're goin' on this killing, that don't mean I'm gonna go back to bein' the way I was. I just need the money, get a new start for them youngsters. Ned, you remember that drover I shot through the mouth and his teeth came out the back of his head? I think about him now and again. He didn't do anything to deserve to get shot, at least nothin' I could remember when I sobered up.
Ned Logan: You were crazy, Will.
Will Munny: Yeah, no one liked me. Mountain boys all thought I was gonna shoot 'em out of pure meanness.
Ned Logan: Well, like I said, you ain't like that no more.
Will Munny: That's right. I'm just a fella now. I ain't no different than anyone else no more.
Little Bill Daggett: You see, the night that Corky walked into the Blue Bottle, and before he knows what's happening, Bob here takes a shot at him! And he misses, 'cause he's so damn drunk. Now that bullet whizzing by panicked old Corky, and he did the wrong thing. He went for his gun in such a hurry that he shot his own damn toe off. Meantime Bob here, he's aiming real good, and he squeezes off another, but he misses, because he's still so damn drunk, and he hits this thousand-dollar mirror up over the bar. And now, the Duck of Death is as good as dead. Because Corky does it right. He aims real careful, no hurry...
W.W. Beauchamp: And...?
Little Bill Daggett: BAM! That Walker Colt blew up in his hand, which was a failing common to that model. You see, if old Corky had had two guns instead of just a big dick, he would have been there right to the end to defend himself.
W.W. Beauchamp: Wait a minute. You mean that, English Bob killed him when he didn't even have...?
Little Bill Daggett: Well, old Bob wasn't goin' to wait for Corky to grow a new hand. No, he just walked over there real slow - 'cause he was drunk - and shot him right through the liver. Pop!
The Schofield Kid: You go on, keep it. I'm never gonna use it again. I won't kill nobody no more. I ain't like you, Will...
The Schofield Kid: Go on, keep it. All of it. It's yours.
Will Munny: What about your spectacles and fancy clothes?
The Schofield Kid: I guess I'd rather be blind and ragged than dead.
Will Munny: You don't have to worry, Kid. I ain't gonna kill you. You're the only friend I got.
The Schofield Kid: Like I was saying, you don't look no meaner-than-hell, cold-blooded, damn killer.
Will Munny: Maybe I ain't.
The Schofield Kid: Yeah, well, Uncle Pete says you was the meanest goddamn son-of-a-bitch alive, and if I ever wanted a partner for a killin', you were the worst one. Meaning the best, on account as your's as cold as the snow and you don't have no weak nerve nor fear.
Will Munny: Pete said that, huh?
The Schofield Kid: Yeah, yeah he did. I'm a damn killer myself. 'Cept, uh, I ain't killed as many as you because of my youth.
Will Munny: What I said the other day, you looking like me, that ain't true. You ain't ugly like me, it's just that we both have got scars.
Little Sue: He said how you was really William Munny out of Missouri... and Bill said "Same William Munny that dynamited the Rock Island and Pacific in '69 killin' women and children an' all?" And Ned says you done a lot worse than that, said you was more cold blooded than William Bonney or Clay Alisson or the James Brothers and how if he hurt Ned again you was gonna come an' kill him like you killed a U.S. Marshall in '73.
Will Munny: And that didn't scare Little Bill though, did it?
Little Sue: No, sir.
Little Bill Daggett: It's been a long time, Bob. You run out of Chinamen?
English Bob: Little Bill, well I thought you was, well I thought that you were dead. I see you've shaved your chin whiskers off.
Little Bill Daggett: I was tasting the soup two hours after I ate it.
English Bob: Well, actually, what I heard was that you fell off your horse, drunk of course, and that you broke your bloody neck.
Little Bill Daggett: I heard that one myself, Bob. Hell, I even thought I was dead 'til I found out it was just that I was in Nebraska.
Title card: Some years later, Mrs. Ansonia Feathers made the arduous journey to Hodgeman County to visit the last resting place of her only daughter. William Munny had long since disappeared with the children... some said to San Francisco where it was rumored he prospered in dry goods. And there was nothing on the marker to explain to Mrs. Feathers why her only daughter had married a known thief and murderer, a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition.
Will Munny: You boys better move away.
Little Bill Daggett: All right, gentlemen. He's got one barrel left. When he fires that, take out your pistols, and shoot him down like the mangy scoundrel he is!
Will Munny: I seen 'em, Ned, I seen the angel of death, he's got snake eyes.
Ned Logan: Who Will, who's got snake eyes?
Will Munny: It's the angel of death. Oh Ned, I'm scared of dying.
Ned Logan: Easy, partner, easy.
Will Munny: I see Claudia too.
Ned Logan: That's good, Will, that's good you saw Claudia, ain't it?
Will Munny: Her face was all covered with worms. Oh Ned, I'm scared, I'm dying. Don't tell nobody, don't tell my kids, none of the things I done, hear me?
Ned Logan: All right, Will.
Little Bill Daggett: Eyewitnesses?
W.W. Beauchamp: Yes, sir.
Little Bill Daggett: Like the Duck himself, I guess.
W.W. Beauchamp: The Duke.
Little Bill Daggett: Duck, I says.
Ned Logan: Hell, Will. We ain't bad men no more. Shit, we're farmers.
Will Munny: Should be easy killing them, supposing they don't go on down to Texas first.
Ned Logan: How long has it been since you fired a gun at a man, Will? Nine, ten years?
Will Munny: Eleven.
Ned Logan: Easy, huh? Hell, I don't know that it was all that easy even back then. And we was young and full of beans. I mean, if you was mad at 'em, Will, I mean. If they'd done you some wrong, I could see shooting 'em.
Will Munny: We done stuff for money before, Ned.
Ned Logan: Yeah, we thought we did. All right, so what did these fellas do? Cheat at cards? Steal some strays? Spit on a rich fella? What?
Will Munny: No, they cut up a woman.
Ned Logan: What?
Will Munny: Yeah, they cut up her face, cut her eyes out, cut her fingers off, cut her tits, everything but her cunty, I suppose.
Ned Logan: I'll be dogg - Golly, I guess they got it comin'. 'Course, you know, Will, if Claudia was alive you wouldn't be doin' this.
Title card: She was a comely young woman and not without prospects. Therefore it was heartbreaking to her mother that she would enter into marriage with William Munny, a known thief and murderer, a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition. When she died, it was not at his hands as her mother might have suspected, but of smallpox. That was 1878.
Little Bill Daggett: I don't deserve this... to die like this. I was building a house.
Will Munny: Deserve's got nothin' to do with it.
Little Bill Daggett: I'll see you in hell William Munny.
Will Munny: ...Yeah...
Will Munny: Little Bill Daggett: You just shot an unarmed man.
Bill Munny: He should have armed himself if he's gonna decorate his saloon with my friend.
Will Munny: Wanna help me count this, kid?
The Schofield Kid: I trust you.
Will Munny: Don't go trusting me too much.
Davey: I'm dyin' boys. Jesus, I'm so thirsty.
Will Munny: Give him a drink of water, goddamn it. Will you give him a drink of water, for Christ's sake? We ain't gonna shoot.
Little Bill Daggett: I suppose you know, Bob, if I ever see you again I'm just going to start shooting and figure it was self-defense.
Little Bill Daggett: You been talking about that Queen of yours, again, Bob?
Little Bill Daggett: On Independence Day?
W.W. Beauchamp: Who, uh, who'd you kill first?
Will Munny: Huh?
W.W. Beauchamp: When confronted by superior numbers, an experienced gunfighter will always fire on the best shot first.
Will Munny: Is that so?
W.W. Beauchamp: Yeah, Little Bill told me that. And you probably killed him first, didn't you?
Will Munny: I was lucky in the order, but I've always been lucky when it comes to killin' folks.
W.W. Beauchamp: And so, who was next? It was Clyde, right? You must have killed Clyde. Well, it could have been Deputy Andy. Wasn't it? Or, or...
Will Munny: All I can tell you is who's gonna be last.
Will Munny: It's a hell of a thing, ain't it, killin' a man. You take everything he's got... and everything he's ever gonna have...
The Schofield Kid: Well, I guess they had it... comin'.
Will Munny: We all got it comin', Kid.
The Schofield Kid: That was the first one.
Will Munny: First one what?
The Schofield Kid: First one I ever killed.
Will Munny: Yeah?
The Schofield Kid: You know how I said I shot five men? It weren't true. That Mexican that come at me with a knife, I just busted his leg with a shovel. I didn't kill him or nothing, neither.
Will Munny: Well, you sure killed the hell outta that fella today.
Strawberry Alice: You just kicked the shit out of an innocent man.
Little Bill Daggett: Innocent? Innocent of what?
Little Bill Daggett: That you here, Bob, on the cover? "The Duck of Death?"
W.W. Beauchamp: Duke. It's the Duke. "Duke of Death."
Fatty Rossiter: It was already loaded. Jesus, Clyde, you have three pistols and you only have one arm for Christ's sake.
Clyde: Well I just don't want to be killed for lack of shootin' back.
Little Bill Daggett: I guess you think I'm kicking you, Bob. But it ain't so. What I'm doing is talking, you hear? I'm talking to all those villains down there in Kansas. I'm talking to all those villains in Missouri. And all those villains down there in Cheyenne. And what I'm saying is there ain't no whore's gold. And if there was, how they wouldn't want to come looking for it anyhow.
Little Bill Daggett: Now Ned, them whores are going to tell different lies than you. And when their lies ain't the same as your lies... Well, I ain't gonna hurt no woman. But I'm gonna hurt you. And not gentle like before... but bad.
English Bob: Well there's a dignity royalty. A majesty that precludes the likelihood of assassination. If you were to point a pistol at a king or a queen your hands would shakes as though palsied.
Barber: Oh I wouldn't point no pistol at nobody sir.
English Bob: Well that's a wise policy, as wise policy. But if you did. I can assure you, if you did, that the sight of royalty would cause you to dismiss all thoughts of bloodshed and you would stand... how shall I put it? In awe. Now, a president... well I mean...
English Bob: why not shoot a president.
English Bob: A plague on you. A plague on the whole stinking lot of ya, without morals or laws. And all you whores got no laws. You got no honor. It's no wonder you all emigrated to America, because they wouldn't have you in England. You're a lot of savages, that's what you all are. A bunch of bloody savages. A plague on you. I'll be back.
Man: Murderin' whores!
Strawberry Alice: HE HAD IT COMING! THEY ALL HAVE IT COMING!
Clyde: You know, he don't have a straight angle in that whole god-damned porch, or the whole house for that matter. He is the worst damn carpenter.
The Schofield Kid: You still think he's in there? the outhouse
Will Munny: Yeah, he's in there.
The Schofield Kid: Well he's holding onto his shit like it was money.
English Bob: This Strawberry Alice person, tell me again.
Barber: Down the street and across. Greely's Beer Garden and Billiard Parlour. Just ask for Alice; say you want a game of billiards.
English Bob: Even though I don't really wish to play.
Barber: They burned the table in '78 for firewood.
English Bob: Quite right. Quite right.
Will Munny: Hey, Kid!
Ned Logan: KID? Is that Kid shooting at us?
Will Munny: Here, take this money and give my half and Ned's half to my kids. Tell 'em if I ain't back in a week, they give half to Sally Two-Trees. You keep the rest, you can get them spectacles now.
Will Munny: Funny thing, killin' a man. You take away everything he's got and everything he's gonna have.
Little Bill Daggett: I guess you think I'm kicking you Bob!
Strawberry Alice: Just because we let them smelly fools ride us like horses don't mean we gotta let 'em brand us like horses. Maybe we ain't nothing but whores but we, by god, we ain't horses.
Penny Munny: Did Pa used to kill folks?
Little Bill Daggett: I'll have that thirty-two Bob.
Little Bill Daggett: Yeah, well, a lotta folks did call him "Two Gun," but that wasn't because he was sportin' two pistols. No, it was because he had a dick that was so big, it was longer than the barrel on that Walther Colt that he carried. And the only insultin' he ever did was to stick that thing of his into this French lady that English Bob here was kinda sweet on.
Little Bill Daggett: Now all you gotta do is pull the trigger mister.
Little Bill Daggett: Let the man out W.W. He's desiring to leave the hospitality of Big Whiskey behind him.
English Bob: Shit and fried eggs.
English Bob: Well, Sir, again I don't wish to give offense when I suggest that this country should select a, uh, king or even a queen instead of a president. One isn't that quick to shoot a king or a queen. The majesty of royalty, you see.
Joe: Well, maybe you don't wish to give offense, Sir, but you are giving it pretty thick. This country don't need no queens whatsoever, I reckon. As a matter of fact what I heard about queens-...
Quick Mike: Dammit! Come a-running, lad!
Delilah Fitzgerald: Stop it!
Strawberry Alice: You mean you ain't even gonna whip 'em?
Little Bill Daggett: Well, I fined 'em instead, Alice.
Strawberry Alice: After what they done? Skinny gets some ponies and that's it? That ain't fair, Little Bill. That ain't fair!
Little Bill Daggett: Haven't you seen enough blood for one night? Hell, Alice, it's not like they was tramps, or loafers, or bad men. Just two hard-working boys that was foolish. If they was given over to wickedness in a regular way...
Skinny Dubois: You know how women lie.     