
Tom Reagan: Nobody knows anybody. Not that well.
Bernie: Look in your heart! Look in your heart!
Tom Reagan: What heart?
Eddie Dane: How'd you get the fat lip?
Tom Reagan: Old war wound. Acts up around morons.
Tom Reagan: Think about what protecting Bernie gets us. Think about what offending Caspar loses us.
Leo O'Bannion: Oh, come on, Tommy. You know I don't like to think.
Tom Reagan: Yeah. Well, think about whether you should start.
Johnny Caspar: Friends is a mental state. Wuddya say, kid?
Tom Reagan: I'll think about it.
Johnny Caspar: He'll think about it. Hear that, Bluepoint? That's terrific. The kid's a thinker.
Frankie: Does he want a pillow for his head?
Johnny Caspar: Okay kid, think about it. It's a mental state. But make it quick, my family's waitin'.
Tom Reagan: I'll think about it and tell you later.
Frankie: He needs to think in the thinking room.
Johnny Caspar: Kid, if it'll help you think, you should know that if you don't do this you won't be in any shape to walk outta here.
Tom Reagan: Would that be physically... or just a mental state?
Leo O'Bannion: You hear about Rug?
Tom Reagan: Yeah, RIP.
Leo O'Bannion: They took his hair, Tommy. Jesus, that's strange, why would they do that?
Tom Reagan: Maybe it was injuns.
Tom Reagan: If you want me to keep my mouth shut, it's gonna cost you some dough. I figure a thousand bucks is reasonable, so I want two.
Johnny Caspar: You think that I'm some guinea, fresh off the boat, and you can kick me! But I'm too big for that now. I'm sick a' takin the scrap from you, Leo. I'm a' of marching into this goddamn office to kiss your Irish ass. And I'M SICK A' THE HIGH HAT!
Johnny Caspar: Youse fancy pants, all a youse.
Leo O'Bannion: Johnny, you're exactly as big as I let you be, and no bigger, and don't forget it, ever.
Johnny Caspar: That's right, Leo. You're the big shot around here, and I'm just some schnook likes to get slapped around.
Johnny Caspar: I'm talkin' about friendship. I'm talkin' about character. I'm talkin' about - hell. Leo, I ain't embarrassed to use the word - I'm talkin' about ethics.
Johnny Caspar: When you're right you're right, but you never say 'I told you so'.
Tom Reagan: So what am I right about?
Johnny Caspar: Well, I'll tell ya, but first you gotta promise not to say 'I told you so'.
Tom Reagan: I don't say that and I don't like people who do.
Johnny Caspar: Mink was robbin' me right along with the shmatte.
Tom Reagan: What convinced you of that?
Johnny Caspar: Mink Larouie took a powder. We can't find him. Bluepoint's makin' excuses for him, but personally, I think you were right. I think Mink and Bernie was in it together. I think Mink heard you'd bumped the shmatte, and lit out. The lousy sonofabitch.
Tom Reagan: I told you so.
Johnny Caspar: Hahahaha! You got a lip on you!
Verna: What're you chewin' over?
Tom Reagan: Dream I had once. I was walkin' in the woods, I don't know why. Wind came up and blew me hat off.
Verna: And you chased it, right? You ran and ran, finally caught up to it and you picked it up. But it wasn't a hat anymore and it changed into something else, something wonderful.
Tom Reagan: Nah, it stayed a hat and no, I didn't chase it. Nothing more foolish than a man chasin' his hat.
Tom Reagan: All in all not a bad guy - if looks, brains and personality don't count.
Verna: You better hope they don't.
Tom Reagan: Tell Leo he's not God on the throne, he's just a cheap political boss with more hair tonic than brains.
Leo O'Bannion: Dammit, Tom, I forgive you!
Tom Reagan: I didn't ask for that and I don't want it. Good-bye, Leo.
Verna: Leo's got the right idea. I like him, he's honest and he's got a heart.
Tom Reagan: Then it's true what they say. Opposites attract.
Verna: I thought you said you didn't care about Leo no more.
Tom Reagan: I said we're through. That's not the same thing.
Tom Reagan: So what's the deal, you get to live and Verna has to be Leo's girl?
Bernie: I have nothing to do with that, she'll sleep with anyone Tom, you know that! She even tried to teach me a thing or two about bed antics once. Some crackpot idea about saving me from my friends. She's a sick twist all right.
Tom Reagan: She speaks highly of you.
Bernie: Yeah, well, you stick by your family.
Tom Reagan: I am awake.
Tad: Your eyes are shut.
Tom Reagan: Who you gonna believe?
Tom Reagan: Rug Daniels is dead.
Verna: Gee, that's tough.
Tom Reagan: Don't get hysterical.
Mink: Hey Tom, what's the rumpus?
Terry: The old man's still an artist with a Thompson.
Bernie: Tommy, you can't do this! You don't bump guys! You're not like those animals back there. It's not right, Tom! They can't make us do this. It's the wrong situation, they can't make us different people than we are. We're not muscle, Tom. I... I... I... never killed anybody. I used a little information for a chisel, that's all. It's my nature, Tom! I... I... I... can't help it, somebody gives me an angle, I play it. I don't deserve to die for that. Do you think I do?
Bernie: I'm... I'm... I'm just a grifter, Tom. I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm an nobody! But I'll tell you what, I never crossed a friend, Tom. I never killed anybody, I never crossed a friend, nor you, I'll bet. We're not like those animals! This is not us! Th... th... this is some hop dream! It's a dream, Tommy! I'm praying to you! I can't die! I can't die... out here in the woods, like a dumb animal! In the woods, LIKE A DUMB ANIMAL! Like a dumb animal! I can't... I can't... I CAN'T DIE OUT HERE IN THE WOODS!... like a dumb animal. I can't... die!
Bernie: I'm praying to you! Look in your heart! I'm praying to you! Look in your heart! I'm praying to you! Look in your heart! I'm praying to you! Look in your heart...
Bernie: I'm praying to you! Look in your heart. I'm praying to you... look in your heart... look in your heart! You can't kill me... look in your heart.
Johnny Caspar: One thing I always try to teach my boys: always put one in the brain!
Eddie Dane: Where's Leo?
Hitman at Verna's: If I tell you, how do I know you won't kill me?
Eddie Dane: Because if you told me and I killed you and you were lying I wouldn't get to kill you *then*. Where's Leo?
Hitman at Verna's: He's moving around. He's getting his mob together tomorrow night. Whisky Nick's.
Eddie Dane: You sure?
Hitman at Verna's: Check it. It's gold.
Eddie Dane: You know what, yegg? I believe you.
Tom Reagan: If I'd known we were gonna cast our feelings into words, I'd've memorized the Song of Solomon.
Verna: You think you've raised hell.
Tom Reagan: Sister, when I've raised hell, you'll know it!
Leo O'Bannion: You ain't got a license to kill bookies and today I ain't sellin' any. So take your flunky and dangle.
Leo O'Bannion: Seein' you mope around here ruins my, whaddya call it, "joy de veever"?
Tom Reagan: "Joie de vivre".
Verna: Why don't we just pick up and leave town? There's nothing keeping you here. I know there's nothing keeping me.
Tom Reagan: What about Bernie?
Verna: He could go with us.
Tom Reagan: You, me and Bernie; where would we go, Verna? Niagara Falls?
Verna: That's not why you came, either.
Tom Reagan: Tell me why I came.
Verna: The oldest reason there is.
Tom Reagan: There are friendlier places to drink.
Tom Reagan: You don't hold elected office in this town. You run it because people think you do. They stop thinking it you stop running it.
Eddie Dane: Very smart. What were you doing at the club, talking things over with Leo?
Tom Reagan: Don't think so hard, Eddie. You might sprain something.
Eddie Dane: You are so goddamn smart. Except you ain't. I get you, smart guy. I know what you are. Straight as a corkscrew. Mr. Inside-Outski, like some goddamn Bolshevik picking up his orders from Yegg Central. You think you're so goddamn smart. You join up with Johnny Caspar, you bump Bernie Bernbaum. Up is down. Black is white. Well, I think you're half smart. I think you were straight with your frail, I think you were queer with Johnny Caspar... and I think you'd sooner join a ladies' league than gun a guy down. Then I hear from these two geniuses they never even saw this rub-out take place.
Frankie: Boss said to have him do it. He didn't say nothing about...
Eddie Dane: Shut up! Or maybe you still got too many teeth. Everyone is so goddamn smart. Well, we'll go out to Miller's Crossing... and we'll see who's smart.
Tom Reagan: Who's winning?
Terry: We are, for the nonce.
Tom Reagan: What's the disposition?
Terry: Four to one, Dana Cudahy went up with the house.
Tom Reagan: And theirs?
Terry: One burned...
Tom Reagan: The other three...?
Terry: Lead...
Tom Reagan: Whose?
Terry: Leo's... the old man's still an artist with a Thompson.
Johnny Caspar: It's gettin' so a businessman can't expect no return from a fixed fight. Now, if you can't trust a fix, what can you trust? For a good return, you gotta go bettin' on chance - and then you're back with anarchy, right back in the jungle.
Leo O'Bannion: I figure I can still trade body-blows with any man in this town.
Leo O'Bannion: Except you Tom.
Tom Reagan: And Verna.
Johnny Caspar: You can't say, "I told you so."
Tom Reagan: I don't say that and I don't like people who do.
Johnny Caspar: You got references? You been to college? We ONLY take yeggs what's been to college, ain't that right, Dane? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! I'm joking, of course.
Tom Reagan: Hello Bernie.
Bernie: Hello Tom. What's the rumpus? How'd you know it was me?
Tom Reagan: You're the only one I know who'd knock and then break in.
Bernie: Your other friends wouldn't break in, huh?
Tom Reagan: My other friends want to kill me so they wouldn't've knocked.
Verna: Maybe that's why I like you, Tom. I've never met anyone who made being a son of a bitch such a point of pride.
Leo O'Bannion: So you wanna kill him...
Eddie Dane: For starters.
Bernie: Don't smart me! See I wanna watch you squirm; I wanna see you sweat a little, and when you smart me... it ruins it.
Verna: Shouldn't you be doing your job?
Tom Reagan: Intimidating helpless women is my job.
Verna: Then go find one, and intimidate her.
Tom Reagan: Close your eyes ladies! I'm comin' in!
Tic-Tac: C'mon, Tom. Boss wants to see ya. He didn't have time to engrave nothin' formal.
Tom Reagan: Tell Lazarre no hard feelings.
Lazarre's Messenger: Jesus Tom, he knows.
Johnny Caspar: What is this, the high hat?
O'Doole: Jesus, Tom, I was just speculatin' about a hypothesis. I know I don't know nothin'.
Tom Reagan: Hello, Brian. Still fighting the good fight?
Cop - Brian: Hello, Tom! Neither rain nor wind nor snow...
Tom Reagan: That's the mailman!
Adolph: Hey, horses got knees?
Tom Reagan: I don't know... fetlocks.
Adolph: Well if I was a horse, I'd be down on my fetlocks praying you don't bet on me.
Johnny Caspar: You double-cross once - where's it all end? An interesting ethical question.
Tic-Tac: You gotta remember to put one in his BRAIN. Your first shot puts him down, then you put one in his BRAIN. Then he's dead. Then we go home.
O'Doole: Look, don't nobody ask me, since I'm just the chief around here, but I'll tell you my opinion. Caspar is just as crazy as Leo, and an eye-tie into the bargain!
Tom Reagan: What's the matter, O'Doole? Doesn't anything ever suit you?
Tom Reagan: You can't hijack me, Tic-tac, we're on the same side now. Or didn't you get that far in school?
Tony: No small talk, huh? They shoot your horse?
Tom Reagan: If there's any justice...
Verna: What did you tell Leo?
Tom Reagan: I told him you were a tramp and he should dump you.
Eddie Dane: Jesus, I open my mouth, the whole world turns smart.
Verna: You're a pathetic rumhead!
Tom Reagan: And I love you, angel!
Eddie Dane: You understand that if we don't find a stiff out here, we leave a fresh one.
Verna: I guess we both double-crossed Leo. He's well rid of us both. The two of us Tom, we're about bad enough to deserve each other.
Tom Reagan: Are we?
Verna: We're a couple of heels, Tom. Yes we are.
Verna: What you doing?
Tom Reagan: Walking...
Verna: Don't let on any more than you have to.
Tom Reagan: ...in the rain.
Verna: That's you all over, Tom. A lie and no heart.
Eddie Dane: Up is down, black is white.
Tom Reagan: Is there a point... or are you just brushin' up on your small talk?
Eddie Dane: Oh, cool under fire, I like that.
Tic-Tac: I told you to put one in his brain, not in his stinkin' face!
Johnny Caspar: That son of a bitch! I had a feeling about this son of a bitch! We silence him! And we do the same to Mink this very night!
Tom Reagan: My chin's hanging out right next to yours. I'd worry a lot less if I thought you were worrying enough.
Tom Reagan: Drop Johnson? He play your book much?
Tad: Pssh! You kidding? I didn't even know he could count!
Tom Reagan: So, uh, you didn't see Bernie Birnbaum before he was shown across?
Clarence "Drop" Johnson: Uh, no?
Tom Reagan: Seen him since?
Mink: Listen, Bernie wants to see you. It's important.
Tom Reagan: Yeah, well, I'm right here. I'm not made of glass.
Leo O'Bannion: If I never see him again, it would be soon enough.
Tom Reagan: Nobody knows anybody, not that well...
Tom Reagan: Miss me?
Verna: Drop dead!
Andy: Hello, Tom. How are ya? Care to scrape a knuckle on your playmate here?
Tom Reagan: No. Thanks though, Andy.
Andy: Well, if you change your mind, we'll be
Andy: interrogating for a while.
Tom Reagan: Last I heard, Leo was still running this town.
O'Doole: Yeah, well, he won't be for long if this keeps up. It's no good for anyone. You said as much yourself...
Tom Reagan: First off, O'Doole, I can say what I please to Leo and about him. You can't. Second, once Leo decides, that's that. If that sticks going down, there are plenty of coppers I know who wouldn't mind bein' chief and could swallow it clean.
O'Doole: Jesus, Tom, I was just speculatin' about a hypothesis. I know I don't know nothin'. It's just a damn mess, is all.
O'Doole: A goddamn mess!
Eddie Dane: Hey, Tic-Tac! You ever notice how the snappy dialogue dries up once a guy starts soiling his union suit?
Tom Reagan: Then it's not just the money he's after. He's got a wart on his fanny.
Johnny Caspar: Huh?
Tom Reagan: He's got a wart. On his fanny. Giving him the fidgets.
Eddie Dane: You are so goddamn smart. Except you ain't.
Tom Reagan: You're a fickle boy, Mink. The Dane finds out you got another "amigo," well, I don't peg him as the understandin' type.
Mink: Find out? We ain't event been talkin'! Jesus, Tom! Dammit! Jesus!
Eddie Dane: I am gonna send you to a deep, dark place and I am gonna have fun doing it!
Eddie Dane: You dumpin' Leo for the guy who put a bullet in your brother?
Tic-Tac: It's hanky time!
Tom Reagan: I'll think about it.
O'Doole: Guttin' the golden calf again! I don't know whether to laugh or cry!
Tom Reagan: Yeah, it's awful confusing.
Eddie Dane: Not so fast, there, Kaputnik.
Tom Reagan: It's not Leo's debt. I'll pay me own way.
Tad: I admire a man of principle. Does this go on the tab?
Leo O'Bannion: Goddamn kid's just like a twist!
Caspar's Driver: Ain't it the life, though?     