
Alfred: Vengeance blackens the soul, Bruce. I've always feared that you would become that which you fought against. You walk the edge of that abyss every night, but you haven't fallen in and I thank heaven for that.
Bruce Wayne: It doesn't mean I don't care anymore. I don't want to let you down, honest, but... but it just doesn't hurt so bad anymore. You can understand that, can't you? Look, I can give money to the city - they can hire more cops. Let someone else take the risk, but it's different now!
Bruce Wayne: Please! I need it to be different now. I know I made a promise, but I didn't see this coming. I didn't count on being happy.
Bruce Wayne: Please! Tell me that it's okay.
Andrea Beaumont: Maybe they already have. Maybe they sent me.
Alfred Pennyworth: My... God!
The Joker: Hello, anybody home? Listen, boopsie, even though you never call and never write, I still got a soft spot for you. So I'm sending you a fun gift, airmail! And there's no use jumping out the window this time, toots...
The Joker: The plane of the future is going to make you history!
The Joker: Hello? Hello, operator? I believe my party's been... disconnected! HA-HA-HA-HA-HAAAAA!
Batman: You think you know everything about me, don't you?
Alfred Pennyworth: I diapered your bottom; I bloody well ought to, *sir*!
Joker: Mi casa nostra es su casa nostra.
Joker: I'm impressed, lady. You're harder to kill than a cockroach on steroids.
The Phantasm: So, you figured it out.
Joker: Gotta hand it to you, nice scheme. Costume's a bit theatrical, but hey, who am I to talk?
Batman: Your father's dead, isn't he? You came into town early to get Chuckie Sol, so you could shift the blame to your father if necessary.
Andrea Beaumont: They took everything, Bruce. My father, my friends, my life, you. I'm not saying it's right, or even sane but it's all I have left! So either help me, or get out of the way!
Batman: You know I can't do that.
Andrea Beaumont: Look what they did to us! What we could have had! They had to pay!
Batman: But Andy... what will vengeance solve?
Andrea Beaumont: If anyone knows the answer to that, Bruce, it's you.
Batman: Leave, Andy, now. Please.
Joker: So, what's an old-timer like you want with a two-timer like me?
Joker: Whoops! Ha! I guess the joke's on me. You're not Batman after all. Looks like there's a new face in Gotham and soon his name will be all over town... to say nothing of his legs, and feet, and spleen, and head...
The Phantasm: Stay away! This is not your fight!
Batman: This madness ends now!
Arthur Reeves: Oh, no!
Batman: Why did the Joker meet with you?
Batman: It has to do with the gangster murders, doesn't it? He thinks you're involved. WHY?
Arthur Reeves: I don't know!
Batman: That's not the answer I want!
Arthur Reeves: Beaumont needed me to help him and his kid get out of town...
Arthur Reeves: He kept in touch.
Batman: When was the last time you spoke to him?
Arthur Reeves: Years ago, my first election campaign. I was running out of money and I asked him for help...
Arthur Reeves: He said no!
Batman: So you sold him to the mob.
Arthur Reeves: I was broke! Desperate! They said all they wanted was their money back!
Joker: Now ain't that a co-inky-dink?
Joker: Here we are discussing the old man when the spawn of his loins just happens to call! Makes you want to laugh, doesn't it, Artie?
Joker: Can't be too careful with all those weirdos around.
Batman: Do you still follow your dad's orders?
Andrea Beaumont: The way I see it, the only one in this room controlled by his parents is you.
Andrea Beaumont: You're not smiling, Joker. I thought you found death amusing.
The Joker: Oh, me? You won't hear a giggle out of me.
The Joker: All right, I give in. I surrendered already. Tell her, Batman.
Batman: Andrea, you've got to... get out of here! The whole place is set to... explode!
Andrea Beaumont: No. One way or another it ends tonight. Goodbye, my love.
Joker: I hate that song... Gasp! Can it be? Old Sallie "the Wheezer" Valestra! Welcome, paisan! It's been a dog's age!
Salvatore "Sal The Wheezer" Valestra: Hello, Joker. Didn't mean to drop by unannounced.
Arthur Reeves: What kind of city are we running when we depend on the support of a potential madman!
Alfred: What rot, sir! Why you're the very model of sanity. Oh by the way, I pressed your tights and put away your exploding gas balls.
Bruce Wayne: Thank you, Alfred.
Joker: Don't touch me, old man! I don't know where you've been.
The Joker: Ain't it always the way? You get in the mood and company shows up.
The Joker: That's it. That's what I want to see, a nice big smile.
Andrea Beaumont: What's that you're practicing?
Bruce Wayne: Jujitsu.
Andrea Beaumont: Gesundheit... That was a joke.
Partygoer: Quite a sight.
Andrea Beaumont: Yes.
Partygoer: I'm sorry. Do - Do you want to be alone?
Andrea Beaumont: I am.
Andrea Beaumont: So, tell me - with all that money and power, how come you always look like you want to jump off a cliff?
Bruce Wayne: Why do you care?
Andrea Beaumont: I don't. Mom was asking.
Andrea Beaumont: Hi. Hey, what happened to you? Trip over some loose cash? It's been three days since we met and still no calls. I figured you must be dead or something.
Bruce Wayne: You expect every guy you meet to call you up?
Andrea Beaumont: The ones who are smart enough to dial a phone.
Joker: You're crazy! I'm your only chance to get out of here! Let me go or we'll both die!
Batman: Whatever it takes!
The Joker: What a photo op: The city councilman and his wacky pal!
Arthur Reeves: Friend in need?
Bruce Wayne: Councilman. So, how goes the Bat-bashing?
Arthur Reeves: Better than your love life. Really, Bruce, it's almost as if you pick them because you know there's no chance for a serious relationship. At least since that one girl. What was her name? Ann? Andi? Andrea? Yes, Andrea Beaumont. Now, there was a sweet number. How'd you let her get loose?
Bruce Wayne: Thanks for the handkerchief, Arthur.
Bruce Wayne: You know where you can stick it.
Alfred Pennyworth: There are certain advantages to having a sturdy cranium, Master Bruce. But then, hardheadedness was always your virtue.
The Phantasm: Sal Valestra, your Angel of Death awaits...
The Joker: For once, I'm stuck without a punchline.
The Joker: Very cute! But I can blow smoke too, toots!
The Phantasm: You always were a loser, Mr. Bronski.
Buzz Bronski: Chuckie, Chuckie. You always were a loser.
Joker: You just don't know when to quit, do you?
Andrea Beaumont: I never thought this would happen. I always felt like... like I'd thrown you a curveball, like you never knew what to do with me, because I wasn't in "The Plan".
Bruce Wayne: You are now. I'm changing the Plan.
Bruce Wayne: What the heck am I doing, Alfred? This isn't part of the Plan! I must be going nuts!
Alfred Pennyworth: If I may make so bold, Master Bruce, I'd say quite the reverse.
Charles "Chuckie" Sol: What do you want?
The Phantasm: I want you, Chuckie boy.
Police Commissioner James Gordon: He didn't do it! It's garbage, Councilman! The Batman does not kill. You want him, you get him! I'll have no part in it.
Salvatore "Sal The Wheezer" Valestra: Hello, Joker. Didn't mean to drop by unannounced.
Bruce Wayne: Is my shirt too big, or is that my flesh crawling?
Joker: Tsk, tsk. And to think those tax money would pay these jerks.
Arthur Reeves: You!
Joker: That's right, Artie. Bring in the press, why don't you. What a photo op! The councilman and his wacky pal.
Arthur Reeves: You're no friend of mine.
Joker: Oh, Artie, I'm crushed! How and ho the mighty forget. Don't you remember? You, me, Sally and the gang?
Arthur Reeves: What are you talking about? I never met them or you. I work for Beaumont. I didn't know what he was doing.
Joker: But you knew it afterwards and put it to good use, eh?
Arthur Reeves: What do you want?
Joker: To find out who's iced the old gang.
Arthur Reeves: Haven't you read the papers? It's Batman.
Joker: Wrong. It ain't the bat. Nope, nope, nope. I've seen the guy. He looks more like the Ghost of Christmas Future. Nowhere near as cute as Batboy.
Arthur Reeves: You're saying it was someone else?
Joker: Yeah, someone wouldn't mind seeing our old pals out of the way.
Bruce Wayne: Don't wait up.     