
Dr. Richard Kimble: I didn't kill my wife!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I don't care!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: All right, listen up, ladies and gentlemen, our fugitive has been on the run for ninety minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground, barring injuries, is 4 miles per hour. That gives us a radius of six miles. What I want from each and every one of you is a hard-target search of every gas station, residence, warehouse, farmhouse, henhouse, outhouse and doghouse in that area. Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles. Your fugitive's name is Dr. Richard Kimble. Go get him.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Newman, what are you doing?
Newman: I'm thinking.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, think me up a cup of coffee and a chocolate doughnut with some of those little sprinkles on top, while you're thinking.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Oh! Wow, gee whiz, looky here! You know, we're always fascinated when we find leg irons with no legs in them. Who held the keys, sir?
Old Guard: Me.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Where those keys at?
Old Guard: I don't know.
Poole: Care to revise your statement, sir?
Old Guard: What?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Do you want to change you bullshit story, sir?
Old Guard: ...He might have got out.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: "He might have got out."
Sheriff Rawlins: What the hell is this? A minute ago you're telling me he was part of the wreckage! Now he might have gotten out?
Dr. Richard Kimble: I thought you didn't care?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I don't.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Don't tell anybody, okay?
Marshal Biggs: If they can dye the river green today, why can't they dye it blue the other 364 days of the year?
Gerard's secretary: Sam, there's a guy on the phone claiming to be Richard Kimble.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: This is Gerard.
Dr. Richard Kimble: Do you remember what I told you in the tunnel?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Um yeah... It was noisy... I think you said something like you didn't kill your wife.
Dr. Richard Kimble: Remember what you told me?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I remember you pointing my gun at me.
Dr. Richard Kimble: You said, "I don't care."
Tracing Technician: He's on the south side.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Yeah...
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Yeah... that's right Richard... I don't care. I'm not trying to solve a puzzle here...
Dr. Richard Kimble: Well, I am trying to solve a puzzle.
Cosmo Renfro: Five seconds to location.
Dr. Richard Kimble: And I just found a big piece!
Head Illinois State Trooper: I don't want to tell you how to do your job...
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Put the helicopter on the bridge!
Head Illinois State Trooper: ...but only one man in a million can survive that fall. The guy is fish food.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Fine. Go get a cane pole, catch the fish that ate him.
Marshal Biggs: This is hinky, this guy's a college graduate, he went to medical school, he's not gonna come through all the security, go to the county lockup, to find someone his own people say does not exist. Hinky.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, what does that mean Biggs, 'hinky'?
Marshal Biggs: I don't know. Strange.
Marshal Henry: Weird.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, why don't you say strange or weird? I mean hinky, that has no meaning.
Marshal Biggs: Well, we say hinky.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I don't want you guys using words around me that have no meaning. I'm taking the stairs and walking.
Marshal Biggs: How about 'bullshit?' How about 'bullshit', Sam?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Henry, Dr. Nichols lied to me. Go find him.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Dr. Richard Kimble! There's no way out of here, Richard! The entire building is locked down! Give it up Richard, you don't have any time, Chicago police department thinks you're a cop killer, they WILL shoot you on sight!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Richard, I know you're innocent! I know about Frederick Sykes! I know about Dr. Charles Nichols! Richard, he borrowed your car the night of your wife's murder, he had your keys! No forced entry, Richard! He telephoned Sykes from your car, Richard! Richard, give it up! Richard, I'm either lying or I'm gonna shoot you, what do you think?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Give it up, Richard, it's time to stop running!
Dr. Richard Kimble: They killed my wife.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I know it Richard. But it's over.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: You know I'm glad. I need the rest.
State Trooper: Hey, Doc! We're looking for a prisoner from that bus-train wreck a couple of hours ago, might be hurt.
Dr. Richard Kimble: Uh, what does he look like?
State Trooper: 6'1, 180, brown hair, brown eyes, beard. See anyone like that around?
Dr. Richard Kimble: Every time I look in the mirror, pal - except for the beard, of course!
Dr. Charles Nichols: Richard, I'm sorry, but I'm in the middle of this speech!
Dr. Richard Kimble: You almost got away with it, didn't you? I know all about it. I can prove it.
Dr. Charles Nichols: Ladies and gentlemen, my friend Richard Kimble doesn't feel... well, obviously. So, if you will just go on with your dessert and coffee, I'll be right back. Richard, would you mind to step aside, and we'll just... talk. Okay, so I'll be back in just a second...
Dr. Richard Kimble: You changed the samples, didn't you, huh? You switched the samples... after Lenz died! After Lenz died, you were the only one who had the access. You switched the samples, and the pathology reports.
Dr. Richard Kimble: Did you kill Lenz, too? Huh? Did you?
Dr. Richard Kimble: He falsified his research. So that RDU-90 could be approved and Devlin McGregor could give you... Provasic!
Dr. Richard Kimble: Tell the attending he's got a puncture in the epigastric area.
Paramedic: How the hell could he tell that by looking at his face?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Newman, we're gonna send you a bunch of cops, make sure they turn that place inside out.
Newman: You got it Sam.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: And don't let them give you any shit about your pony tail.
Newman: I won't.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well done young man.
Newman: My pleasure Sam...
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: How's the boy doing?
Dr. Anne Eastman: He saved his life.
Cosmo Renfro: What happened? Where'd he go?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: The guy did a Peter Pan right off of this dam, right here.
Cosmo Renfro: What?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Yeah. BOOM.
Cosmo Renfro: Holy shit... Can we go home now...?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: No...
Sheriff Rawlins: Okay boys, gather around here and listen up. We're shuttin' it down, Wyatt Earp's here to mop up.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: That's funny. "Wyatt Earp."
Cosmo Renfro: When I die, I wanna come back just like you.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Oh, you mean happy and handsome?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: That's my man!
Det. Rosetti: Not anymore, he's not. He's going down. You don't help us, you stay the hell out!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Arrest us.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Doctor Nichols, you really want to help him? You really want to be his friend? Then you'll help us bring him in, unharmed.
Dr. Charles Nichols: Why? So he can go back to prison? Tsk, tsk, tsk. If you want help, gentlemen, you've come to the wrong man. Richard is innocent and you'll never find him. He's too smart.
Marshal Biggs: Oh well... we're pretty smart guys.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Yeah, what about us?
Cosmo Renfro: Last time I looked.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Yeah, we're smart. We are. I mean, how smart could he be, really? Is he as smart as you are?
Dr. Charles Nichols: Smarter.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: My, my, my. What a mess.
Copeland: Now you listen. I don't give a damn which way you go, just don't follow me. You got that?
Dr. Richard Kimble: Yeah.
Dr. Richard Kimble: Hey, Copeland. Be good.
Marshal Henry: I may be crazy but that train sounds like an el.
Cosmo Renfro: St Louis doesn't have an elevated train.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: How do you know it's an elevated train?
Marshal Stevens: I think he's right, I lived under an el for 20 years.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Then you can explain the difference in the sound of an elevated train as opposed to a train that's running along the ground. You must have ears like a eagle, play that back, I wanna hear the sound of an elevated train.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Why did Richard Kimble kill his wife?
Detective Kelly: He did it for the money.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: What do you mean, he did it for the money? He's a doctor. He's already rich.
Detective Kelly: But she was more rich.
Dr. Anne Eastman: Hey, Do you have a particular interest in our patient's X-Rays?
Dr. Richard Kimble: What do you mean?
Dr. Anne Eastman: I saw you looking at that boy's chest film.
Dr. Richard Kimble: It's a hobby of mine.
Dr. Anne Eastman: It's a hobby, really? What are your other hobbies - brain surgery?
Bones: What ever happened with that thing about your wife?
Dr. Richard Kimble: It's not over yet.
Dr. Charles Nichols: You never give up, Richard, do you? You never give up!
Dr. Richard Kimble: Why Helen?
Dr. Richard Kimble: Alright you guys, knock it off, there's nothing to see here and you come with me.
Helen Kimble: Excuse me
Helen Kimble: thank you, I was just down to my last joke.
Marshal Biggs: Sam, are you out of your mind? He's dead.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: That ought to make him easier to catch.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Newman, get rid of the helicopter!
Newman: Why?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: 'Cause I don't want to get shot!
Dr. Kathy Wahlund: If he came to me I would help him, but he wouldn't come to me. It's not his style.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: We're eating oranges and we're making IDs.
Cosmo Renfro: Aw, shit! I just bought these shoes.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Shut up, Cosmo.
Police Dispatcher: Attention all units. Transit police report officer down at Balbo Station. Kimble is suspect! Repeat; Officer Down!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: What'd he do, shoot a cop?
Cosmo Renfro: Chicago PD will eat him alive!
Old Guard: Copeland.
Copeland: What?
Old Guard: Copeland, you be nice now.
Poole: Background just came in from Chicago.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: About time! What do we got?
Cosmo Renfro: Uh, "Richard David Kimble, vascular surgeon... " what the hell is that?
Poole: Somebody that makes more money than you.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I... don't... bargain.
Dr. Richard Kimble: You missed your stop.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: All right, I want to start right there. We're going start with phone taps. I want to start with his lawyer first.
Cosmo Renfro: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You're never gonna get that.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: You call Judge Reuben and tell him I want a whole bunch of phone taps...
Cosmo Renfro: Why are you yelling at me? Why?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: And I'll call him later and tell him on who...
Cosmo Renfro: Why are you always yelling at me?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: IF, I'm in a good mood.
Cosmo Renfro: Why don't you yell at her some time?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: So he showed up not dead yet. Let that be a lesson to you, boys and girls. Don't ever argue with the big dog, because the big dog is always right.
Marshal Biggs: Woo-woo-woo-woof.
Detective Kelly: We were just informed by the U.S. Marshal's Office that Doctor Richard Kimble is alive and well and living in the city of Chicago. Now you all know in what high regard I hold the scumbag. So I am personally donating a bottle of twelve-year-old Scotch to whoever puts the collar on this quack.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Yeah, right there. What's he saying? Sounds like, 'Next... Stop'... Do that again!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: 'Next... stop... '
Poole: ...Merchandise Mart.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Son of a bitch, our boy came home.
Cosmo Renfro: That bell! That bell is the bell on the Wells street bridge, it's six blocks away.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: I knew that was an elevated train.
Marshal Biggs: Oh yeah big dog, you're never wrong.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Your cousin still got his truck?
Cosmo Renfro: Uh huh.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Call him. Tell him we need it.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Sheriff Rawlins, with all due respect, I'd like to suggest check points on a 15 mile radius out here on I-57, I-24 and on route 13 out of Chester...
Sheriff Rawlins: Whoa, whoa, whoa. The prisoners are all dead and the only thing checkpoints are gonna do is get a lot of good people frantic around here and flood my office with calls.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, shit, sheriff, I'd hate to see that happen, so I guess I'll just take over your investigation.
Sheriff Rawlins: You? On what authority?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Governor of the state of Illinois, United States Marshals Office, 5th District Northern Illinois.
Detective Kelly: So, financially, you're not going to be hurting after this, are you? I mean, she was worth quite a bit of money.
Dr. Richard Kimble: Are you suggesting that I killed my wife? Are you saying that I crushed her skull and that I shot her? How dare you! When I came home, there was a man in my house. I fought with this man. He had a mechanical arm. You find this man. You find this man.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Give it up. It's time to stop running.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Does he have a reason to come after you?
Sykes: Well, hell yeah I have a prosthetic arm. I must have murdered his wife right?
Sykes: Give me a break will you? I'll tell you what I told them a year ago, I wasn't in Chicago that night, fifteen people verified it.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: How'd you lose that arm?
Sykes: In the line of duty.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Where are you Desmondo?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, Sir, Mr. Copeland was a bad man. He was gonna shoot one of my kids.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, sir, you can blame me, I'm the one that shot him.
Sykes: Ooh, wait... I marked him.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Poole, you gotta get some new boots.
Cosmo Renfro: I told you not to wear the heels.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: And I want you to wear two coats.
Poole: Sure, next train wreck.
Marshal Biggs: Why are we always mothering her?
Cosmo Renfro: 'Cause she loves us.
Marshal Henry: CCH? What's that?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Cook County Hospital.
Marshal Biggs: Sam!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: What?
Marshal Biggs: We just got a call from Harris Community Hospital. The wounded guard swears he saw Kimble outside the emergency room.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Well, that's hot.
Marshal Biggs: And an ambulance is missing.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Where's he going in an ambulance?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Look on your maps if you wanna know how to get there!
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: We got a gopher.
Det. Rosetti: You better be straight with me kid. You're telling me this is the fella staying in your mother's basement?
Landlady's son: That's what I'm telling you.
One-armed Man at hospital: You guys have a problem?
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: No.
Cosmo Renfro: Uh, no, no problem at all.
Sykes: What is this - a trench coat convention?
Det. Rosetti: As soon as you get a clean shot, you take him out.
policeman in helicopter: Richard. Stay where you are! This is the Chicago Police. Put your hands in the air. The building is totally secure.
policeman in helicopter: I repeat, do not move! Put your hands in the air!
policeman in helicopter: I repeat, stay where you are!
Detective Kelly: Come on Doc.
Old Guard: The bus rolls over several times before it settled at the bottom of the hill here. I don't know if I passed out or what, but, when I looked up, the train was bearing down on us. Fast. I don't know how, uh, it's-still kinda hazy, but, somehow I grabbed him and-and I pushed him out of the bus.
Sheriff Rawlins: You're a brave man. You could've both been killed.
Old Guard: Yeah, I know! But, hell, he's my partner. He would have done the same for me.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: Excuse me, sheriff, I'm United States Marshal Samuel Gerard. I'd like to talk to you...
Sheriff Rawlins: Uh, I'll be with you in just a minute.
Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard: OK.
Sheriff Rawlins: One more time. Just for the record, uh, these three are dead?
Old Guard: Yeah.
Sheriff Rawlins: And, uh, this one?
Old Guard: Well, everything happened so fast, but... no, I don't think he made it.
Old Guard: Kimble! Kimble, get over here! You're a doctor, do something for him!
Dr. Richard Kimble: Unlock me! Unlock me!
Old Guard: Here!
Old Guard: What the hell is that?
Old Guard: To hell with you!
Dr. Richard Kimble: Copeland, give me a hand with this man! Copeland, give me a hand with this man!
Copeland: Kiss my ass, Doc!
Dr. Richard Kimble: No kidding? Armed robbery? He's where? The Kimble character's response and ironic surprise to finding out that one of his one-armed suspects, Clyde Driscoll, has be arrested for 'armed' robbery.     