
Vincent van Gogh: What am I in the eyes of most people - a nonentity, an eccentric, or an unpleasant person - somebody who has no position in society and will never have; in short, the lowest of the low. All right, then - even if that were absolutely true, then I should one day like to show by my work what such an eccentric, such a nobody, has in his heart.
Vincent van Gogh: Days seem like weeks to me. Days are weeks.
Vincent van Gogh: I want to touch people with my art. I want them to say 'he feels deeply, he feels tenderly'.
The Boatman: And, then suddenly it was all silent, and he looked so happy that this dirty crow was coming close. He didn't seem to care that it ran off with his lunch. And, I thought to myself how lonely is this guy that even a thieving crow brightens up his day?
Vincent van Gogh: In the life of the painter, death may perhaps not be the most difficult thing. For myself, I declare I don't know anything about it. But, the sight of the stars always makes me dream. Why I say to myself should those spots of light in the firmament bet Inaccessible lo us? Maybe we can take death to go to a star and lo die peacefully of old age would be to go there on foot. For the moment, I'm going to go to bed because it's late, and I wish you goodnight and good luck with a handshake, your loving Vincent.
Postman Joseph Roulin: Life can even bring down the strong.
Doctor Gachet: Vincent said I was living a lie but he has lived in struggle for the truth.
Vincent van Gogh: I don't know anything with certainty, but seeing the stars makes me dream
Marguerite Gachet: You want to know so much about his death, but what do you know of his life?
Doctor Gachet: Two weeks later, I am sitting at his bedside, and he is dying. The only words he said, Maybe it is better for everyone.
Vincent van Gogh: If only I could've been one of them.
Pere Tanguy: Two hearts, one mind that's what Vincent told me. Maybe that was the case after all because after Vincent died, Theo went into sharp decline.
Vincent van Gogh: Dr. Gachet is eccentric. I don't Know how he thinks he can cure me when he seems at least as sick as I am.
Pere Tanguy: Theo thought his unhappiness went right back to childhood. He tried so hard to fit into his family. But, he never succeeded in this.
Postman Joseph Roulin: Live longer. You'll see. Life can bring even down the strong.
Vincent van Gogh: Who am I in the eyes of most people? A nobody, a non entity, an unpleasant person. Someone who has not, and never will have any position in society. In short, the lowest of the low. Well then even if that were all absolutely true, then one day I will have to show by my work what this nobody, this non entity has in his heart.
Doctor Gachet: Son of the great Joseph Roulin, giant of the South with Dostoevsky's soul. That's what Vincent called your father.     