
Jake Sully: I see you.
Neytiri: I see you.
Neytiri: You are Omaticaya now. You may make your bow from the wood of Hometree. And you may choose a woman. We have many fine women. Ninat is the best singer.
Jake Sully: I don't want Ninat.
Neytiri: Peyral is a good hunter.
Jake Sully: Yes, she is a good hunter. But I've already chosen. But this woman must also choose me.
Neytiri: She already has.
Jake Sully: Look, I know you probably don't understand this...
Jake Sully: Thank you.
Jake Sully: That was pretty impressive. I would have been screwed if you hadn't come along.
Jake Sully: Hey, wait a second! Where are you goin'? Wait up! Just, hey, slow down! I just wanted to say thanks for killin' those things...
Jake Sully: Aah! Damn!
Neytiri: Don't thank. You don't thank for this! This is sad. Very sad only.
Jake Sully: Okay, okay. I'm sorry. Whatever I did, I'm sorry.
Neytiri: All this is your fault. They did not need to die.
Jake Sully: My fault? They attacked me! How am I the bad guy?
Neytiri: Your fault! Your fault.
Jake Sully: Easy. Easy...
Neytiri: You are like a baby. Making noise, don't know what to do.
Jake Sully: Easy. Shh. Fine. Fine. If you loved your little forest friends... why not let them kill my ass? What's the thinking?
Neytiri: Why save you?
Jake Sully: Yeah. Yeah, why save me?
Neytiri: You have a strong heart. No fear. But stupid! Ignorant like a child!
Jake Sully: Well, if I'm like a child, then look, maybe you should teach me.
Neytiri: Sky People cannot learn, you do not See.
Jake Sully: Then teach me how to See.
Neytiri: No one can teach you to See.
Jake Sully: Everything is backwards now, like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream.
Jake Sully: Neytiri calls me skxawng. It means "moron."
Jake Sully: With your permission, I will speak now. You would honor me by translating.
Jake Sully: The Sky People have sent us a message... that they can take whatever they want. That no one can stop them. Well, we will send them a message. You ride out as fast as the wind can carry you. You tell the other clans to come. Tell them Toruk Macto calls to them! You fly now, with me! My brothers! Sisters! And we will show the Sky People... that they cannot take whatever they want! And that this... this is our land!
Moat: It is hard to fill a cup that is already full.
Jake Sully: My cup is empty. Trust me. Just ask Dr. Augustine. I'm no scientist.
Moat: Then what are you?
Jake Sully: I was a marine. A warrior... of the uh... Jarhead Clan.
Jake Sully: Outcast. Betrayer. Alien. I was in the place the eye does not see. I needed their help. And they needed mine. But to ever face them again, I was gonna have to take it to a whole new level.
Dr. Grace Augustine: So you just figured you'd come here, to the most hostile environment known to men, with no training of any kind, and see how it went? What was going through your head?
Jake Sully: Maybe I was sick of doctors telling me what I couldn't do.
Jake Sully: The way I had it figured, Toruk's the baddest cat in the sky. Nothing attacks him. So why would he ever look up? That was just a theory.
Jake Sully: If Grace is there with you - look in her memories - she can show you the world we come from. There's no green there. They killed their Mother, and they're gonna do the same here. More Sky People are gonna come. They're gonna come like a rain that never ends. Unless we stop them. They chose me for something. I will stand and fight. You know I will. But I need a little help here.
Neytiri: Our great mother does not take sides, Jake; she protects the balance of life.
Jake Sully: It was worth a try.
Neytiri: Now you choose your ikran. This you must feel inside. If he also chooses you, move quick like I showed. You will have one chance, Jake.
Jake Sully: How will I know if he chooses me?
Neytiri: He will try to kill you.
Jake Sully: Outstanding.
Trudy Chacon: Looks like we're VFR from here on.
Norm Spellman: What's VFR?
Trudy Chacon: It means you gotta see where you're goin'.
Norm Spellman: But you can't see anything.
Trudy Chacon: Yeah, ain't that a bitch.
Moat: It is decided. My daughter will teach you our ways. Learn well, "Jakesully", and we will see if your insanity can be cured.
Jake Sully: This is how it's done. When people are sittin' on shit that you want, you make 'em your enemy. Then you're justified in taking it.
Jake Sully: Well, uh, I guess this is my last video log. Whatever happens tonight, either way, I'm not gonna be comin' back to this place. Well, I guess I better go. I don't wanna be late for my own party. It's my birthday, after all. This is Jake Sully signin' off.
Jake Sully: Shut up and fly straight!
Dr. Grace Augustine: Okay, let's run through them again.
Jake Sully: Mo'at. Dragon lady.
Jake Sully: Eytukan.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Ey-tu-"kahn". He's the clan leader. But she's the spiritual leader. Like a shaman.
Jake Sully: Got it.
Jake Sully: Tah-soo-tey.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Tsu'tey.
Jake Sully: Tsu'tey.
Dr. Grace Augustine: He'll be the next clan leader.
Jake Sully: Neytiri.
Dr. Grace Augustine: She'll be the next "Tsahik". They become a mated pair.
Jake Sully: So who's this Eywa?
Norm Spellman: Who's Eywa? Only their deity! Their goddess, maker of all living things. Everything they know! You'd know this if you've had any training whatsoever.
Jake Sully: Who's got a date with the chief's daughter?
Norm Spellman: Oh, come on!
Dr. Grace Augustine: Knock it off you two. Village life starts early.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Don't do anything unusually stupid.
Neytiri: It is Toruk, Last Shadow.
Jake Sully: Yeah, right. It's the last one you'll ever see.
Jake Sully: There's no such thing as an ex-marine. You may be out, but you never lose the attitude.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Just relax and let your mind go blank. That shouldn't be too hard for you.
Jake Sully: Kiss the darkest part of my lily white...
Jake Sully: They didn't even have a word for 'lie'.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Jake...
Jake Sully: Grace...?
Dr. Grace Augustine: I'm with Her now, Jake. She is real...
Dr. Grace Augustine: Don't shoot! Don't shoot. You'll piss him off.
Jake Sully: It's already pissed off.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Jake, that armor's too thick. Trust me. It's a territorial threat display. Do not run or he'll charge.
Jake Sully: What do I do? Dance with it?
Dr. Grace Augustine: Just hold your ground.
Jake Sully: Ha, ha! Yeah, come on! What you got! Oh yeah, who's bad? That's right. Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about, bitch. That's right, get your punk ass back to mommy. Yeah? Yeah, you got nothin'. You keep runnin'. Why don't you bring some of your friends, huh?
Jake Sully: What about this one? Run? Don't run? What?
Dr. Grace Augustine: Run! Definitely run!
Col. Quaritch: You are not in Kansas anymore. You are on Pandora, ladies and gentlemen. Respect that fact every second of every day. If there is a Hell, you might wanna go there for some R & R after a tour on Pandora. Out there beyond that fence every living thing that crawls, flies, or squats in the mud wants to kill you and eat your eyes for jujubes. We have an indigenous population of humanoids called the Na'vi. They're fond of arrows dipped in a neurotoxin that will stop your heart in one minute - and they have bones reinforced with naturally occurring carbon fiber. They are very hard to kill. As head of security, it is my job to keep you alive. I will not succeed. Not with all of you. If you wish to survive, you need to cultivate a strong, mental aptitude. You got to obey the rules: Pandora rules. Rule number one...
Dr. Grace Augustine: Mo'at, no!
Moat: If you are one of us, help us!
Dr. Grace Augustine: This is gonna ruin my whole day!
Neytiri: I'm with you now, Jake. We are mated for life.
Jake Sully: What the hell are you doin', Jake?
Jake Sully: Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
Trudy Chacon: You should see your faces!
Neytiri: My grandfather's grandfather was Toruk Macto, Rider of Last Shadow.
Jake Sully: He rode this?
Neytiri: Toruk chose him, it has only happened five times since the time of first songs.
Jake Sully: I see you, Brother... thank you.
Jake Sully: Your spirit will now be with Eywa, but your body will remain for The People.
Norm Spellman: This is a very important part of it. It's not just, "I'm seeing you in front of me," it's "I see into you. I *See* you."
Moat: Why did you come to us?
Jake Sully: I came to learn.
Moat: We have tried to teach other sky people, it is hard to fill a cup which is already full.
Jake Sully: My cup is empty, trust me. Just ask doctor Augustine, I'm no scientist.
Moat: What are you?
Jake Sully: I was a marine, a, er, a warrior of the eh, Jarhead clan.
Tsu'tey: YOU!
Tsu'tey: You mated with this woman?
Dr. Grace Augustine: Oh, shit!
Jake Sully: She said all energy is only borrowed, and one day you have to give it back.
Trudy Chacon: What's goin' on, brother? Long time, no see.
Lock Up Trooper: Hey.
Trudy Chacon: Personally, I don't feel these tree huggin' traitors deserve steak.
Lock Up Trooper: They get steak? That's bullshit. Let me see that.
Trudy Chacon: Yeah, you know what that is. Down, all the way down.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Don't play with that. You'll go blind.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Where's my goddamn cigarette? What's wrong with this picture!
Jake Sully: I became a Marine for the hardship. Told myself that I can pass any test a man can pass. All I ever wanted was a single thing worth fighting for.
Neytiri: Eywa has heard you... Eywa has heard you!
Jake Sully: I may not be much of a horse guy, but I was born to do this.
Neytiri: To become "taronyu" hunter, you must choose your own Ikran and he must choose you.
Jake Sully: When?
Neytiri: When you are ready.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Is the avatar safe?
Jake Sully: Yeah, Doc, it's safe, and you are not gonna believe where I am!
Jake Sully: Tsu'tey, son of Ateyo, I stand before you ready to serve the Omaticya people. You are Olo'eyctan, and you are a great warrior. I can't do this without you.
Tsu'tey: Toruk Macto, I will fly with you.
Jake Sully: All I ever wanted was a single thing worth fighting for.
Jake Sully: I was a warrior who dreamed he could bring peace. Sooner or later, though, you always wake up.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Hey Marine!
Jake Sully: Damn. Grace?
Dr. Grace Augustine: Well who'd you expect, numbnuts?
Dr. Grace Augustine: Think fast.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Motor control is looking good.
Jake Sully: You have to leave, or you're gonna die!
Moat: Are you certain of this?
Jake Sully: Look, they sent me here, to learn your ways, so one day I could bring this message, and that you would believe it.
Neytiri: What are you saying, Jake? You knew this would happen?
Jake Sully: Yes. Look, at first, it was just orders, and then, everything changed. Okay? I fell in love. I fell in love with the - with the forest, with the Omaticaya people... with you... with you...
Neytiri: I trusted you...
Jake Sully: - with you.
Neytiri: I trusted you!
Jake Sully: Trust me, now. Please.
Neytiri: You will never be one of The People!
Neytiri: He tried to stop them!
Jake Sully: Neytiri, please.
Jake Sully: Yeah, why save me?
Neytiri: You have a strong heart, no fear. But stupid, ignorant like a child.
Dr. Grace Augustine: I need to get some samples.
Jake Sully: Excuse me, this is my video log here.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Don't make me force-feed a cripple!
Trudy Chacon: Oops.
Col. Quaritch: A recon gyrene in an Avatar body... that's a potent mix! Gives me the goosebumps!
Neytiri: Sky People cannot learn, they do not see.
Neytiri: Toruk Macto was mighty. He brought the clans together in a time of great sorrow. All Na'vi people know this story.
Jake Sully: When I was lying in the V.A. hospital with a big hole blown through the middle of my life, I started having these dreams of flying. I was free. But sooner or later, you always have to wake up.
Trudy Chacon: I was hoping for some kind of tactical plan that didn't involve martyrdom.
Jake Sully: You wanted to see me, Colonel?
Col. Quaritch: This low gravity'll make you soft. And when you get soft, Pandora will eat you and shit you out dead with zero warning. I read your file, Corporal. Venezuela, that was some mean bush. Nothin' like that here, though. You got some heart, kid, showin' up here.
Jake Sully: Figured it was just another hellhole.
Col. Quaritch: Everyone on this base, every one of you, is fighting for survival, and that's a fact. There's an aboriginal horde out there massing for an attack. These orbital images tell me that the hostile numbers have gone from a few hundred, to well over two thousand in one day. And more are pourin' in. In a week's time there could be 20,000 of 'em. At that point they will overrun our perimeter. That's not gonna happen. Our only security lies in preemptive attack. We will fight terror with terror. The hostiles believe that this mountain territory is protected by their... deity. And when we destroy it, we will blast a crater in their racial memory so deep, that they won't come within 1,000 klicks of this place ever again. And that, too, is a fact.
Jake Sully: Do I have to do this now? Like, I really need to get some rack.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Yes, now, while it's still fresh.
Jake Sully: Okay, uh... location: shack.
Dr. Max Patel: Grace, this is Jake Sully.
Jake Sully: Ma'am.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Yeah, yeah, I know who you are and I don't need you. I need your brother. You know, the PhD who trained for 3 years for this mission.
Jake Sully: He's dead. I know it's a big inconvenience for everyone.
Dr. Grace Augustine: How much lab training have you had?
Jake Sully: I dissected a frog once.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Ya see, ya see? They're just pissing on us without even giving us the courtesy of calling it rain. I'm going to Selfridge.
Dr. Max Patel: Grace. No, I don't think...
Dr. Grace Augustine: No, man, this is such bullshit! Gonna kick his corporate butt. He has no business sticking his nose in *my* department.
Jake Sully: Give it up, Quaritch! It's all over.
Col. Quaritch: Nothin's over while I'm breathin'.
Jake Sully: I kinda hoped you'd say that.
Trudy Chacon: Screw this.
Corporal Lyle Wainfleet: What-what the hell are you doing?
Trudy Chacon: I didn't sign up for this shit!
Jake Sully: In cryo, you don't dream at all. It doesn't *feel* like six years - more like a fifth of Tequila and an ass kicking. Tommy was a scientist, not me. He was the one who wanted to get shot light years out in space to find the answers.
Jake Sully: Are we there yet?
Cryo Vault Med Tech: Yeah, we're there sunshine... We're there.
Suit #2: It's about your brother...
Jake Sully: So a week before he was about to ship out... a guy with a gun ends his journey... for the paper in his wallet.
Cryo Vault Med Tech: You've been in cryo for five years, nine months and twenty-two days. You will be hungry, you will be weak. If you feel nausea, please use the...
Jake Sully: Yeah, Tommy was the scientist. Me? I'm just another dumb grunt goin' some place he's gonna regret.
Trudy Chacon: We're goin' up against gunships with bows and arrows.
Jake Sully: Well, I guess we better stop 'em.
Col. Quaritch: Shut your pie hole!
Dr. Grace Augustine: Or what, *Ranger Rick*? You gonna shoot me?
Col. Quaritch: I can do that.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Those trees were sacred to the Omaticaya in a way you can't imagine.
Selfridge: You know what? You throw a stick in the air around here it falls on some sacred fern, for Christ's sake!
Dr. Grace Augustine: I'm not talking about pagan voodoo here - I'm talking about something REAL and measurable in the biology of the forest.
Selfridge: Which is *what* exactly?
Dr. Grace Augustine: What we think we know - is that there's some kind of electrochemical communication between the roots of the trees. Like the synapses between neurons. Each tree has ten to the fourth connections to the trees around it, and there are ten to the twelfth trees on Pandora...
Selfridge: That's a lot, I'm guessing.
Dr. Grace Augustine: That's more connections than the human brain. You get it? It's a network - a global network. And the Na'vi can access it - they can upload and download data - memories - at sites like the one you just destroyed.
Selfridge: What the HELL have you people been smoking out there?
Selfridge: They're just. Goddamn. Trees.
Dr. Grace Augustine: You need to wake up, Parker. The wealth of this world isn't in the ground - it's all around us. The Na'vi know that, and they're fighting to defend it. If you wanna share this world with them, *you* need to understand *them*.
Col. Quaritch: I think we understand them just fine. Thanks to Jake here.
Jake Sully: Up ahead was Pandora. You grew up hearing about it, but I never figured I'd be goin' there.
Col. Quaritch: Son, I take care of my own. You get me what I need, I make sure that when you rotate home, you get your legs back, your real legs.
Jake Sully: That sounds real good, sir.
Tsu'tey: You see? It is a demon in a false body.
Trudy Chacon: Rogue One is hit. I'm goin' in. Sorry Jake.
Jake Sully: Learning to ride an ikran - we call 'em banshees - is a test every young hunter has to pass. But to do that, you gotta go where the banshees are. Boo-rah.
Jake Sully: You want a fair deal? You're on the wrong planet. The strong prey on the weak, it's just the way things are. And nobody does a damned thing.
Jake Sully: The aliens went back to their dying home. Only a few were chosen to stay.
Trudy Chacon: You're not the only one with a gun, bitch.
Trudy Chacon: I'm Trudy. I fly all the science sorties. And this here, is my baby.
Trudy Chacon: Hold on a second.
Trudy Chacon: Hey, Wainfleet. Get it done. We bounce at zero-nine.
Corporal Lyle Wainfleet: Yeah, I'm on it, Capitan.
Trudy Chacon: The hind strake's still losoe.
Jake Sully: You guys are packin' some heavy gear.
Trudy Chacon: Watch it! Yeah, that's because we're not the only thing flyin' around out there. Or the biggest. I'm gonna need you on a door gun, I'm a man short.
Jake Sully: I thought you'd never ask.
Trudy Chacon: There's your man.
Trudy Chacon: See you on the flight line.
Col. Quaritch: I want this mission high and tight. I wanna be home for dinner.
Jake Sully: I was a stone cold aerial hunter, death from above. Only problem is, you're not the only one.
Jake Sully: Are you out of your goddamn mind?
Col. Quaritch: You crossed the line.
Col. Quaritch: Wheel this meat outta here.
Col. Quaritch: You let me down son! So, you find yourself some local tail, and you just completely forget what team you're playin' for?
Col. Quaritch: That is one big damn tree!
Jake Sully: One life ends, another begins.
Corporal Lyle Wainfleet: Dr. Grace Augustine: Stay with the ship. One idiot with a gun is enough.
Corporal Lyle Wainfleet: You the man, Doc.
Jake Sully: I need your help.
Neytiri: You should not be here.
Neytiri: No! Go back!
Jake Sully: Sooner or later, though, you always have to wake up.
Selfridge: Look. You're supposed to be winning the hearts and minds of the natives. Isn't that the whole point of your little puppet show? If you walk like them, you talk like them, they'll trust you. We build them a school, teach them English. But after - how many years - the relations with the indigenous are only getting worse.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Yeah, well that tends to happen when you use machine guns on them.
Selfridge: Right. C'mere. You see this?
Selfridge: This is why we're here. Because this little gray rock sells for $20 million a kilo. That's the only reason. This is what pays for the whole party, and it's what pays for your science. Those savages are threatening our whole operation. We're on the brink of war and you're supposed to be finding me a diplomatic solution. So use what you've got, and get me some results.
Dragon Gunship Navigator: We are gonna lose some paint in here.
Jake Sully: I became a marine for the hardship, to be hammered on the anvil of life. I told myself I can pass any test a man can pass.
Jake Sully: Who's got a date with the chief's daughter?
Selfridge: You see that?
Worker: Yes sir!
Selfridge: No you didn't, you were looking at the monitor. I love this putter, Ronnie! I love this putter!
Dr. Grace Augustine: Parker. You know, I used to think it was benign neglect, but now I see that you are intentionally screwing me.
Selfridge: Grace, you know, I enjoy our little talks.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Oops.
Col. Quaritch: Well, well, well. I'd say diplomacy has failed.
Dr. Max Patel: Jake! Listen to me! You're not used to your avatar body. This is dangerous!
Jake Sully: This is great!
Jake Sully: They're not gonna give up their home. They're not gonna make a deal.
Jake Sully: For-for what? A light beer and blue jeans? There's nothing that we have that they want. Everything they sent me out here to do is a waste of time. They're never gonna leave Hometree.
Col. Quaritch: So since a deal *can't* be made, I guess things get *real* simple.
Col. Quaritch: Jake, thanks. I'm gettin' all emotional. Might just give you a big wet kiss!
Col. Quaritch: I'll do it with minimal casualties to the indigenous. I'll drive 'em out with gas first. It'll be humane. More or less.
Selfridge: Alright, let's pull the trigger.
Col. Quaritch: Hey Sully... how does it feel to betray your own race? You think you're one of them? Time to wake up!
Corporal Lyle Wainfleet: Aww, man, that is just wrong.
Jake Sully: I'm just saying if you love your little forest friends, then why not just let them kill my ass?
Neytiri: Why save you?
Jake Sully: Yeah, why save me, what's the thinking?
Neytiri: You have a strong heart, no fear. But stupid! Like baby, don't know what to do.
Col. Quaritch: Look, Sully, I want you to learn this savages from the inside, I want you to gain their trust. I need to know how to force their cooperation or hammer them hard if they won't.
Col. Quaritch: And that's how you scatter the roaches.
Dr. Max Patel: Come back at 0800. Use big words.
Dr. Grace Augustine: Why should they help us?
Jake Sully: I just want to say thanks for killing those things.
Neytiri: Don't thank. You don't thank for this. This is sad. Very sad only.
Jake Sully: Okay, okay. I'm sorry. Whatever I did, I'm sorry!
Neytiri: All this is your fault, they did not need to die.
Col. Quaritch: You haven't got lost in the woods, have ya? Your last report was more than 2 weeks *ago*. I'm startin' to doubt your resolve! The way I see it, it's time to terminate the mission.
Jake Sully: I can do this.
Col. Quaritch: You already have. You gave me good, usable intel on this Tree of Souls place. Yeah, I got them by the balls with that when this turns into a shit fight - which it will. Now it's time to come in. By the way, you gon' get your legs back. Yeah. I got you corporate approval. Gonna have you on a shuttle tonight. I'm a man of my word.
Jake Sully: I gotta finish this. There's one more thing. A ceremony. It's uh, it's the final stage of becoming a man. If I do it, I'm one of them. Now trust me. And I can negotiate the terms of their relocation.
Col. Quaritch: Well, then you betta get it done, Corporal.
Col. Quaritch: Mask on!
Jake Sully: If it ain't raining, we ain't training.
Jake Sully: Are you out of your goddamn mind?
Col. Quaritch: You crossed the line!
Jake Sully: Trust me now.
Selfridge: Look at all that Cheddar.     