
Gerben Kuipers: You met that Muntze on the train, right? And he liked you?
Hans Akkermans: Liked her...? He fell for her!
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: He just showed me his stamp collection.
Gerben Kuipers: How far would you go with him? For Tim and the others...?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: How far...? You mean sleep with him...? I want things to be clear, is that what you mean?
Gerben Kuipers: How far would you go...?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: As far as that Muntze wants to go... Okay?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: I never knew this would happen. To fear the liberation...
Gerben Kuipers: We will kill that girl! However, wherever, whenever.
General Käutner: Obersturmführer, open your safe.
Günther Franken: Of course. Which files would you like to see?
General Käutner: None. You're suspected of killing rich Jews. There's nothing wrong with that. But you've been looting the bodies and keeping the valuables for yourself. Failure to turn Jewish property over to the Reich is punishable by death. Open the safe.
Günther Franken: As you wish, Obergruppenführer.
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: We should actually get up and open the coffin.
Gerben Kuipers: Yeah. We should...
Gerben Kuipers: What should we do with all the money?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: It doesn't belong to us.
Gerben Kuipers: It doesn't belong to anybody.
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: To the dead...
Gerben Kuipers: He's quiet. Finally.
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: It seemed forever.
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: Does it never end?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: They're working off a list. Of Jews with money. They murder them.
Gerben Kuipers: How do you know all this?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: Because I was set up myself! Because I've seen my entire family be slaughtered!
Gerben Kuipers: You can stay here. But you have to work.
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: The harder the better.
Gerben Kuipers: Ellis, a girl didn't show up today. Would you replace her?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: Work is work, right?
Gerben Kuipers: Even if it is dangerous?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: What have I got to lose?
Gerben Kuipers: Your life...
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: It is their intention, that for the queen and my fatherland, I have hook up with a powerful SD'er... Sleep with him...
Notary Smaal: Well you're on your own then. I can't help you with that.
Gerben Kuipers: Do you know who this is?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: Gerben Kuipers: What do you have to say for yourself?
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: This.
Rachel Stein aka Ellis de Vries: This says everything.     