
Arif: Would you mind if I turned on on the music?
Old Villager: What kind of music? I don't listen to foreign music! How can I be sure that ain't swearing at my mother!
Arif: How old is your mother?
Old Villager: She is still alive, 93 by now.
Arif: Don't worry, old timer, this band is new. They cannot know your mom!
Band singing: Motherfucker, oh yeah! Motherfucker!
Arif: Speaking English? I live in English. It's not only a language to me, it's totally best way of expressing my own. You know, sometimes I'm dreaming of a world, all people understand each other perfectly. Yes, I have a dream. Imagine all the people dancing and touching each other, communicate in a joyful harmony.
Arif: Son, don't look at me like a cow, go get some tea!
Publisher: It says Kutahya porcelain on here. Look.
Arif: Well, I shot this in Kutahya. There's nothing wrong with it.
Arif: There are four main elements that exist naturally in the world. Fire, Water, Earth, Wood!
Commander Logar: Wood? Shouldn't it be "Air"?
Arif: Wood, for sure! Did it touch you? I said "that exist naturally"!
Arif: Faruk! Why is the robot crying?
Bob Marley Faruk: I don't know! Maybe he was programmed to cry!
Arif: Shut up, Jackass! Hey, Robot why are you crying?
216-Robot: I've been punished!
Arif: By who?
216-Robot: Commander Logar.
Arif: Commander Logar? Fuck Commander Logar! What is he interfering for! I have to do something but... What should I do?
Arif: Everybody speaks Turkish, I don't understand who is a Turk and who's not.
Tihulu: Commander! We have just detected an unidentified flying object approaching us, sir!
Commander Logar: That's our planet, Jackass! We are approaching it! Who are you anyway?
Kuna: Go away! Leave!
Arif: Is this rose for me, dear?
Refectory Guy: Yes, my dear.
Arif: What was the purpose of sending it? Creating a synergy against the aliens, being friends?
Refectory Guy: Don't be so mad, come and sit here.
Arif: What a funny guy you are, cosby show.
Arif: There's a phrase that Americans use, heard it before?
Refectory Guy: What is it?
Arif: Fuck you.     