
Dan Evans: I ain't never been no hero, Wade. The only battle I seen, we was in retreat. My foot got shot off by one of my own men. You try telling that story to your boy. See how he he looks at you then.
Dan Evans: I ain't stubborn.
Ben Wade: Excuse me?
Dan Evans: You said I was stubborn, for keeping my family on a dying ranch. It's my son, Mark. The young one. He got tuberculosis when he was two. Doctor said he would die if he didn't have a dry climate, so...
Ben Wade: Why are you tellin' me this?
Dan Evans: I don't know. I guess I just... wanted you to know that I ain't stubborn, is all.
Ben Wade: You know, squeezin' that watch won't stop time.
Ben Wade: You ever read the bible, Dan? I read it one time. I was eight years old. My daddy just got hisself killed over a shot of whiskey and my mama said "we're going back East to start over". So she gave me a bible, sat me down in the train station, told me to read it. She was gonna get our tickets. Well, I did what she said. I read that bible from cover to cover. It took me three days. She never came back.
Dan Evans: William, I want you to give this back to your mother. I want you to tell her that it helped me find what was right.
William Evans: Pa... I can't. I can't just leave you.
Dan Evans: I'm gonna be a day behind you, William. Unless something happens, and if it does, I need a man at the ranch to run things, protect our family, and I know that you can do that because you've become a fine man, William. You've become a fine man. You got all the best parts of me. What few there are.
Dan Evans: And you just remember that your old man walked Ben Wade to that station when nobody else would.
Glen Hollander: Sometimes a man has to be big enough to see how small he is.
Dan Evans: What did Doc Potter give his life for, William? McElroy...
Ben Wade: Little red ants on a hill.
Butterfield: I'll pay you the 200, Dan. Right now. And you can walk away.
Dan Evans: You know, this whole ride... it's been egging on me. That's what the government gave me for my leg - 198 dollars 36 cents and the funny thing is that... when you think about it, which I have been lately, is they weren't paying me to walk away, they were paying me so they could walk away.
Ben Wade: Don't muddy the past in the present, Dan.
Dan Evans: No... Wade, I'm seeing the world the way it is.
Ben Wade: I've always liked you Byron, but you never know when to shut up. Even bad men love their mommas.
Ben Wade: So, boys - where we headed?
Byron McElroy: Taking you to the 3:10 to Yuma day after tomorrow.
Tucker: Shouldn't have told him that.
Ben Wade: Relax, friend. Now if we get separated, I'll know where to meet up.
Alice Evans: Ben Wade has a gang and they're out there tonight, somewhere.
Dan Evans: If I don't go, we gotta pack up and leave. Now I'm tired, Alice. I'm tired of watching my boys go hungry. I'm tired of the way that they look at me. I'm tired of the way that you don't.
Ben Wade: They're gonna kill you and your father, William. They're gonna laugh while they do it. I think you know that.
William Evans: Call 'em off.
Ben Wade: Why should I?
William Evans: Because you're not all bad.
Ben Wade: Yes, I am.
William Evans: You saved us from those Indians.
Ben Wade: I saved myself.
William Evans: You got us through the tunnels. You helped us get away.
Ben Wade: If I had a gun in them tunnels, I would have used it on you.
William Evans: I don't believe you.
Ben Wade: Kid, I wouldn't last five minutes leading an outfit like that if I wasn't as rotten as hell.
Charlie Prince: Here's to the four we lost in battle. And here's to the boss, who had to say goodbye to Tommy Darden today. And that's too bad.
Ben Wade: Proverbs 13:3. "He that keepeth his mouth, keepeth his life. He that opens his lips too wide shall bring on his own destruction".
Charlie Prince: Amen.
Ben Wade: Tommy was weak. Tommy was stupid. Tommy is dead.
Charlie Prince: I'd drink to that.
Byron McElroy: What the fuck kind of doctor are you anyway?
Doc Potter: It's nice to have a conversation with a patient for a change.
Charlie Prince: For a one-leg rancher... he's one tough son of a bitch.
Butterfield: Twenty-two robberies. Over four hundred thousand dollars in losses. More in delays. The Southern Pacific will have Ben Wade convicted in a federal court. Hanged in public. An example made. And we will pay to make it happen.
Ben Wade: Y'all notice he didn't mention any of the lives I've taken.
Alice Evans: He's a killer, Daniel.
Dan Evans: Then someone ought to have the decency to bring him to justice.
Ben Wade: Woman'll do things to ya, you'll never forget.
Doc Potter: They give you disease you'll never forget.
Charlie Prince: I hate posses.
Doc Potter: Is it true that you dynamited a wagon full of prospectors in the western territories last spring?
Ben Wade: No, that's a lie... It was a train full.
Ben Wade: Be careful with that thing. That gun's got a curse on it.
Ben Wade: Laugh while you can.
Alice Evans: Don't do it, Dan. No one will think less of you.
Dan Evans: No one can think less of me.
Dan Evans: I've been standin on one leg for three damn years waitin for God to do me a favor... and He ain't listenin.
Ben Wade: Remind me never to play poker in this town.
Dan Evans: You say one more word, and I'll cut you down right here.
Ben Wade: I like this side of you, Dan.
Charlie Prince: Not the black hat! The rancher, you dumb shits! The rancher!
Ben Wade: Now, you see Dan, generally pretty much everyone wants to live. That means Butterfield, too. He's gonna walk out on you. He's gonna come back up here, and he's gonna walk out on you. Now, what you gotta figure is why you and your boy are gonna die. Because Butterfield's railroad lost some money?
Ben Wade: Well, you did it, Dan.
Ben Wade: So this is the bridal suite? Now, I wonder how many brides have taken in this view?
Byron McElroy: If you're gonna kill me, just as soon get to it.
Ben Wade: I ain't gonna kill you. Not like this.
Byron McElroy: Won't change a thing, lettin' me live. I'll come for you.
Ben Wade: I'd be disappointed if you didn't.
Ben Wade: Have you ever read a book in your life, Byron, except the bible?
Byron McElroy: No need.
Ben Wade: You ever been to San Francisco?
Alice Evans: If it's all right by you Mr Wade, I'd rather we not talk
Ben Wade: So you never been to San Francisco?
Alice Evans: No
Ben Wade: I knew a girl there. She was the daughter of a Sea-Captain. She had the most beautiful green eyes. About the greenest eyes I ever saw. Like yours. And I'd stare deep into them and they'd just change color infront of me. All the colors of the sea. What'd you say your name was again?
Dan Evans: Alice?
Dan Evans: For God's sake, he's killed more men than the drought!
Ben Wade: Well, would you look at all this? You all spared no expense this time, Byron. I gotta say, though, it's probably cheaper just to let me rob the damn thing.
Dan Evans: You're so sure that your crew's comin' to get you?
Byron McElroy: They're lost without him; like a pack of dogs without a master.
Ben Wade: Just you left, Dan. Just you and your boy.
Ben Wade: They're going to kill me in the morning... I'll never see the sun.
Mark Evans: You gonna tell the marshal what those men did?
William Evans: Marshal ain't doing shit!
Alice Evans: William...
Dan Evans: First thing, Mark, I'm gonna take you boys and we're gonna round up the herd, and then I'm going into town.
Mark Evans: What are you gonna do in town?
Dan Evans: I'm gonna tell Hollander to make this right. I'm gonna tell him to pay for a new barn.
Mark Evans: Maybe we should just shoot him like Will says.
William Evans: You gonna hock that?
Dan Evans: Someday, William... you walk in my shoes, you might understand.
William Evans: I ain't ever walking in your shoes.
Marshal Weathers: Can I help you?
Charlie Prince: I think maybe a coach headed for here got itself held up in the canyon about ten miles back...
Butterfield: God damn it.
Charlie Prince: ...by Mr. Ben Wade himself.
Marshal Weathers: How did you know it was Wade?
Butterfield: It's been him the last twenty-one times, Marshal.
Charlie Prince: I saw a Mexican sharpshooter and an Apache.
Marshal Weathers: God damn it. Jesus Christ.
Charlie Prince: And I've been told...
Kane: Did you see The Hand of God?
Charlie Prince: What's that?
Kane: His pistol.
Butterfield: Why the hell didn't you do something?
Charlie Prince: They had a lot of weapons, mister... and they were shootin' bullets.
Ben Wade: Byron, what an unpleasant surprise.
William Evans: Pa.
Ben Wade: Well then!
Ben Wade: I gotta take a piss.
Dan Evans: What time is it?
Ticket Clerk: About ten past three.
Dan Evans: Where's the 3:10 to Yuma?
Ticket Clerk: Running late, I suppose.
Ben Wade: Goddamn trains. Never can rely on 'em, huh?
Alice Evans: Dan... Maybe it's the wind.
Charlie Prince: Morning, Pinkerton. Name's Charlie Prince. I expect you heard of me.
Byron McElroy: Well, I heard of a balled-up whore named Charlie Princess. That you, missy?
Charlie Prince: I hate Pinkertons.
Ben Wade: Well, Tommy, it seems that there was a Pinkerton inside that coach that wasn't quite dead yet. Now, I know Charlie told you, because we done got but a few rules in this outfit. And this is what happens when you put us all at risk.
Charlie Prince: For a one legged rancher, he was one tough son of a bitch.
Dan Evans: I was best shot in my regiment. I'll come... for two-hundred dollars.
Butterfield: You fight for the North or the South?
Dan Evans: North.
Butterfield: We're Southern in name, but Chicago owned. Fine. Two-hundred dollars.
Charlie Prince: This town's gonna burn!
Marshal Weathers: They're probably just running late, Mr. Butterfield.
Butterfield: Pinkertons don't run late. That's why they're paid eighteen dollars a day.
Charlie Prince: Where is he?
Crawley: Open the door. Open the door. Let me outta here, god damn it.
Charlie Prince: Where did they take him?
Crawley: I don't know.
Charlie Prince: Mister, you better tell me... where they took him... or you will burn.
Ben Wade: You ever worked for a one-eyed Irishman in Leadville?
Emmy: No one forgets Velvet.     