
Lt. Aldo Raine: My name is Lt. Aldo Raine and I'm putting together a special team, and I need me eight soldiers. Eight Jewish-American soldiers. Now, y'all might've heard rumors about the armada happening soon. Well, we'll be leaving a little earlier. We're gonna be dropped into France, dressed as civilians. And once we're in enemy territory, as a bushwhackin' guerrilla army, we're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only... killin' Nazis. Now, I don't know about y'all, but I sure as hell didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky Mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half of Sicily and jump out of a fuckin' air-o-plane to teach the Nazis lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got no humanity. They're the foot soldiers of a Jew-hatin', mass murderin' maniac and they need to be dee-stroyed. That's why any and every son of a bitch we find wearin' a Nazi uniform, they're gonna die. Now, I'm the direct descendant of the mountain man Jim Bridger. That means I got a little Injun in me. And our battle plan will be that of an Apache resistance. We will be cruel to the Germans, and through our cruelty they will know who we are. And they will find the evidence of our cruelty in the disemboweled, dismembered, and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us. And the German won't not be able to help themselves but to imagine the cruelty their brothers endured at our hands, and our boot heels, and the edge of our knives. And the German will be sickened by us, and the German will talk about us, and the German will fear us. And when the German closes their eyes at night and they're tortured by their subconscious for the evil they have done, it will be with thoughts of us they are tortured with. Sound good?
Sgt. Donny Donowitz, Pfc. Hirschberg, Pfc. Andy Kagan, Pfc. Simon Sakowitz, Pfc. Omar Ulmer, Pfc. Smithson Utivich, Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki, Pfc. Michael Zimmerman: YES, SIR!
Lt. Aldo Raine: That's what I like to hear. But I got a word of warning for all you would-be warriors. When you join my command, you take on debit. A debit you owe me personally. Each and every man under my command owes me one hundred Nazi scalps. And I want my scalps. And all y'all will git me one hundred Nazi scalps, taken from the heads of one hundred dead Nazis. Or you will die tryin'.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, I speak the most Italian, so I'll be your escort. Donowitz speaks the second most, so he'll be your Italian cameraman. Omar speaks third most, so he'll be Donny's assistant.
Pfc. Omar Ulmer: I don't speak Italian.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Like I said, third best. Just keep your fuckin' mouth shut. In fact, why don't you start practicing, right now!
Lt. Aldo Raine: You didn't say the goddamn rendezvous was in a fuckin' basement.
Lt. Archie Hicox: I didn't know.
Lt. Aldo Raine: You said it was in a tavern.
Lt. Archie Hicox: It is a tavern.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, in a basement. You know, fightin' in a basement offers a lot of difficulties. Number one being, you're fightin' in a basement!
Lt. Aldo Raine: Up the road apiece, there's an orchard. Now, besides you, we know there's another kraut patrol fuckin' around there somewhere. Now if that patrol were to have any crackshots, that orchard would be a goddamn sniper's delight. Now, if you ever want to eat a sauerkraut sandwich again, you gotta show me on this here map where they are, you gotta tell me how many there are, and you gotta tell me what kinda artillery they're carrying with 'em.
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: You can't expect me to divulge information that would put German lives in danger.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, now Werner, that's where you're wrong, because that's exactly what I expect. I need to know about Germans hiding in them trees, and you need to tell me, and you need to tell me right now. Now, just take that finger of yours and point out on this here map where this party's being held, how many's coming, and what they brought to play with.
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: I respectfully refuse, sir.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Hear that?
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: Yes.
Lt. Aldo Raine: That's Sgt. Donny Donowitz. You might know him better by his nickname: "The Bear Jew". Now, if you heard of Aldo the Apache, you gotta have heard of the Bear Jew.
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: I've heard of the Bear Jew.
Lt. Aldo Raine: What d'you hear?
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: He beats German soldiers with a club.
Lt. Aldo Raine: He bashes their brains in with a baseball bat is what he does. Now, Werner, I'm gonna ask you one last goddamn time, if you still respectfully refuse, I'm callin' the Bear Jew over. He's gonna take that big bat of his, and he's gonna beat your ass to death with it. Now, take your wiener schnitzel lickin' finger and point out on this map what I want to know.
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: Fuck you... and your Jew dogs!
Lt. Aldo Raine: Actually, Werner, we're all tickled to here you say that. Quite frankly, watchin' Donny beat Nazis to death is the closest we ever get to goin' to the movies. Donny!
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Yeah?
Lt. Aldo Raine: We got a German here who wants to die for his country! Oblige him!
Lt. Aldo Raine: Y'know... Utivich 'n myself heard that deal you made with the brass. "End the war tonight"?... I'd make that deal. How 'bout you Utivich, you make that deal?
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: I'd make that deal.
Lt. Aldo Raine: I don't blame ya! Damn good deal! And that purty little nest you feathered for yourself. Well, if you're willing to barbecue the whole high command, I 'spose that's worth certain considerations. But I do have one question. When you get to your little place on Nantucket Island, I 'magine you're gonna take off that handsome-lookin' S.S. uniform of yours, ain'tcha?... That's what I thought. Now that I can't abide. How 'bout you Utivich, can you abide it?
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: Not one damn bit, sir.
Lt. Aldo Raine: I mean, if I had my way... you'd wear that goddamn uniform for the rest of your pecker-suckin' life. But I'm aware that ain't practical, I mean at some point you're gonna hafta take it off. So. I'm 'onna give you a little somethin' you can't take off.
Lt. Aldo Raine: You know somethin', Utivich? I think this just might be my masterpiece!
Major Dieter Hellstrom: I must say, I grow weary of these monkeyshines.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Did you hear that? That was the sound of my Walther. Pointed right at your testicles.
Lt. Archie Hicox: Why do you have your Walther pointed at my testicles?
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Because you've just given yourself away, Captain. You're no more German than that scotch.
Lt. Archie Hicox: Well, Major...
Bridget von Hammersmark: Major...
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Shut up, slut! You were saying?
Lt. Archie Hicox: I was saying that that makes two of us. I've had a gun pointed at your balls since you sat down.
Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz: That makes three of us. And at this range, I'm a real Frederick Zoller.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Looks like we have a bit of a sticky situation here.
Lt. Archie Hicox: What's going to happen, Major... you're going to stand up and walk out that door with us.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't think so. I'm afraid you and I... we both know, Captain... no matter what happens to anybody else in this room... the two of us aren't going anywhere. Too bad about Sergeant Wilhelm and his famous friends. If any of you expect to live, you'll have to shoot them too. Looks like little Max will grow up an orphan. How sad.
Lt. Archie Hicox: Well, if this is it, old boy, I hope you don't mind if I go out speaking the King's.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: By all means, Captain.
Lt. Archie Hicox: There's a special rung in hell reserved for people who waste good scotch. Seeing as how I may be rapping on the door momentarily...
Lt. Archie Hicox: I must say, damn good stuff, Sir.
Lt. Archie Hicox: Now, about this pickle... we find ourselves in. It would appear there's only one thing left for you to do.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: And what would that be?
Lt. Archie Hicox: Stiglitz...
Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz: Say "Auf Wiedersehen" to your Nazi balls!
Lt. Aldo Raine: You probably heard we ain't in the prisoner-takin' business; we in the killin' Nazi business. And cousin, business is a-boomin'.
Col. Hans Landa: Oooh, that's a bingo! Is that the way you say it? "That's a bingo?"
Lt. Aldo Raine: You just say "bingo."
Col. Hans Landa: Bingo! How fun! But, I digress. Where were we?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Arriverderci.
Col. Hans Landa: The feature that makes me such an effective hunter of the Jews is, as opposed to most German soldiers, I can think like a Jew, where they can only think like a German... more precisely, German soldier. Now, if one were to determine what attribute the German people share with a beast, it would be the cunning and the predatory instinct of a hawk. But if one were to determine what attributes the Jews share with a beast, it would be that of the rat. The Führer and Goebbels's propaganda have said pretty much the same thing, but where our conclusions differ is I don't consider the comparison an insult. Consider, for a moment, the world a rat lives in. It's a hostile world, indeed. If a rat were to scamper through your front door right now, would you greet it with hostility?
Perrier LaPadite: I suppose I would.
Col. Hans Landa: Has a rat ever done anything to you to create this animosity you feel towards them?
Perrier LaPadite: Rats spread diseases. They bite people.
Col. Hans Landa: Rats were the cause of the bubonic plague, but that's some time ago. I propose to you, any disease a rat could spread, a squirrel could equally carry. Would you agree?
Perrier LaPadite: Oui.
Col. Hans Landa: Yet I assume you don't share the same animosity with squirrels that you do with rats, do you?
Perrier LaPadite: No.
Col. Hans Landa: But they're both rodents, are they not? And except for the tail, they even rather look alike, don't they?
Perrier LaPadite: It's an interesting thought, Herr Colonel.
Col. Hans Landa: Ha! However interesting as the thought may be, it makes not one bit of difference to how you feel. If a rat were to walk in here right now, as I'm talking, would you greet it with a saucer of your delicious milk?
Perrier LaPadite: Probably not.
Col. Hans Landa: I didn't think so. You don't like them. You don't really know why you don't like them; all you know is you find them repulsive. Consequently, a German soldier conducts a search of a house suspected of hiding Jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks in the barn, he looks in the attic, he looks in the cellar, he looks everywhere he would hide. But there's so many places it would never occur to a hawk to hide. However, the reason the Führer has brought me off my Alps in Austria and placed me in French cow country today is because it does occur to me. Because I'm aware what tremendous feats human beings are capable of once they abandon dignity.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Scalp Hermann.
Col. Hans Landa: Are you mad? What have you done? I made a deal with your general for that man's life!
Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, they made that deal, but they don't give a fuck about him. They need you.
Col. Hans Landa: You'll be shot for this!
Lt. Aldo Raine: Nah, I don't think so. More like chewed out. I've been chewed out before.
Lt. Aldo Raine: I'm gonna give you a little somethin' you can't take off.
Col. Hans Landa: AU REVOIR, SHOSANNA!
Bridget von Hammersmark: I know this is a silly question before I ask it, but can you Americans speak any other language besides English?
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: You know, Lieutenant, you're getting pretty good at that.
Lt. Aldo Raine: You know how you get to Carnegie Hall, don't ya? Practice.
Col. Hans Landa: So you're "Aldo the Apache".
Lt. Aldo Raine: So you're "the Jew Hunter".
Col. Hans Landa: A detective. A damn good dectective. Finding people is my specialty so naturally I work for the Nazis finding people, and yes some of them were Jews. But "Jew Hunter"?
Col. Hans Landa: It's just a name that stuck.
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: Well, you do have to admit, it is catchy.
Col. Hans Landa: Do you control the nicknames your enemies bestow on you? "Aldo the Apache" and "the Little Man"?
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: What do you mean "the Little Man"?
Col. Hans Landa: Germans' nickname for you.
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: The Germans' nickname for me is "the Little Man"?
Col. Hans Landa: And as if to make my point, I'm a little surprised how tall you were in real life. I mean, you're a little fellow, but not circus-midget little, as your reputation would suggest.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Teddy fuckin' Williams knocks it out of the park! Fenway Park on its feet for Teddy fuckin' Ballgame! He went yardo on that one, out to fuckin' Lansdowne Street!
Col. Hans Landa: So who are your three handsome escorts?
Bridget von Hammersmark: I'm afraid neither three speak a word of German. They're friends of mine from Italy. This is the wonderful Italian stuntman, Enzo Gorlomi; a very talented cameraman, Antonio Margheriti; and Antonio's camera assistant, Dominick Decocco.
Bridget von Hammersmark: Gentlemen, this is an old friend, Colonel Hans Landa of the SS.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Buongiorno.
Col. Hans Landa: Gentlemen, it's a pleasure; the friends of our cherished star, admired by all of us, this outright jewel of our culture, are naturally going to be under my personal protection for the duration of their stay.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Grazie.
Col. Hans Landa: Gorlomi? Am I pronouncing it correctly?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Sì... er, corretto.
Col. Hans Landa: Gorla... lomi? Say it for me once please?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Gorlami.
Col. Hans Landa: I'm sorry, again?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Gorlami.
Col. Hans Landa: Once more?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Gorlami.
Lt. Aldo Raine: And another one over there, you might be familiar with: Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz. Heard of 'em?
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: Everybody in the German army's heard of Hugo Stiglitz.
Narrator: The reason for Hugo Stiglitz's celebrity among German soldiers is simple. As a German enlisted man, he killed thirteen Gestapo officers.
Narrator: Instead of putting him up against a wall, the High Command decided to send him back to Berlin, to be made an example of.
Narrator: Needless to say, once the Basterds heard of him, he never got there.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Lt. Aldo Raine. These are the Basterds, ever heard of us?
Lt. Aldo Raine: We just wanted to say we're a big fan of your work. When it comes to killing Nazis...
Lt. Aldo Raine: ... I think you show great talent. And I pride myself on having an eye for that kind of talent. But your status as a Nazi killer is still amateur. We all come here to see if you wanna go pro.
Col. Hans Landa: I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, where rumors, true or false, are often revealing.
Col. Hans Landa: Wait for the crème.
Bridget von Hammersmark: There have been two recent developments regarding Operation Kino. One, the venue has been changed from the Ritz to a much smaller venue.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Enormous changes at the last minute? That's not very Germatic. Why the hell is Goebbels doin' stuff so damn peculiar?
Bridget von Hammersmark: It probably has something to do with the second development.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Which is?
Bridget von Hammersmark: The Führer is attending the premiere.
Adolf Hitler: I've been rethinking my position in regards to your Paris premiere of "Nation's Pride". As the weeks have gone on and the Americans are on the beach, I do find myself thinking more and more about this Private Zoller. This boy has done something tremendous for us. And I'm beginning to think my participation in this event could be meaningful.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Fuck a duck!
Fredrick Zoller: Who wants to send a message to Germany?
Shosanna Dreyfus: I have a message for Germany.
Shosanna Dreyfus: That you are all going to die.
Adolf Hitler: Enough! Stop it!
Joseph Goebbels: Turn off the projector!
Shosanna Dreyfus: And I want you to look deep into the face of the Jew that is going to do it!
Joseph Goebbels: I don't know what's going on! That does not belong in my movie!
Shosanna Dreyfus: Marcel... burn it down.
Marcel: Oui, Shosanna.
Col. Hans Landa: Tell me, Aldo, if I were sitting where you're sitting, would you show me mercy?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Lt. Aldo Raine: Nope!
Col. Hans Landa: What's that English saying about shoes and feet?
Lt. Aldo Raine: "Looks like the shoe's on the other foot." Yeah, I was just thinking that.
Marcel: What the fuck are we supposed to do?
Shosanna Dreyfus: It looks like we're supposed to have a Nazi premiere.
Marcel: Like I said, what the fuck are we supposed to do?
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: You get that for killin' Jews?
Sgt. Werner Rachtman: Bravery...
Master SGT. Wilhelm: Who are you? BRITISH, AMERICAN? WHAT?
Lt. Aldo Raine: We're American! What're you?
Master SGT. Wilhelm: I'M A GERMAN, YOU IDIOT!
Lt. Aldo Raine: You speak English pretty good for a German.
Master SGT. Wilhelm: I agree!
Lt. Aldo Raine: You know, where I'm from...
Col. Hans Landa: Yeah, where is that, exactly?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Maynardville, Tennessee.
Lt. Aldo Raine: I've done my share of bootlegging. Up 'ere, if you engage in what the federal government calls 'illegal activity,' but what we call 'just a man tryin' to make a livin' for his family sellin' moonshine liquor,' it behooves oneself to keep his wits. Long story short, we hear a story too good to be true... it ain't.
Col. Hans Landa: Sitting in your chair, I would probably say the same thing. And 999 point 999 times out of a million, you would be correct. But in the pages of history, every once in a while, fate reaches out and extends its hand.
Col. Hans Landa: What shall the history books read?
Col. Hans Landa: You've had a nice long run, Aldo. Alas, you're now in the hands of the SS.
Col. Hans Landa: My hands, to be exact. And they've been waiting a long time to touch you.
Col. Hans Landa: Caught you flinching.
Joseph Goebbels: How many seats in your auditorium?
Francesca Mondino: Shosanna Dreyfus: Three hundred and fifty.
Francesca Mondino: Joseph Goebbels: That's almost four hundred less than the Ritz.
Fredrick Zoller: But Herr Goebbels, that's not such a bad thing. You said yourself you didn't want to indulge every two-faced French bourgeois taking up space currying favor. With less seats it makes the event more exclusive. You're not trying to fill the house, they're fighting for seats. Besides, to hell with the French. This is a German night, a German event, a German celebration. This night is for you, me, the German military, the High Command, their family and friends. The only people who should be allowed in the room are the people who will be moved by the exploits on the screen.
Joseph Goebbels: I see your public speaking has improved.
Bridget von Hammersmark: I can see since you didn't see what happened inside, the Nazis being there must look odd.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, we got a word for that kinda odd in English. It's called suspicious.
Shosanna Dreyfus: My name is Shosanna Dreyfus and THIS is the face... of Jewish vengeance!
Col. Hans Landa: I did have something else I wanted to ask you, but right now, for the life of me, I can't remember what it is. Oh, well, must not have been important. Till tonight.
Col. Hans Landa: May I smoke my pipe as well?
Perrier LaPadite: Please, Colonel, make yourself at home.
Kliest: Mein Führer, do you still wish to see Private Butz?
Adolf Hitler: Who and what is a "Private Butz"?
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Major Dieter Hellstrom: I'll start, give you the idea. Am I German?
Bridget von Hammersmark, Lt. Archie Hicox: No.
Bridget von Hammersmark: Am I American?
Major Dieter Hellstrom, Lt. Archie Hicox: No.
Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Wait a minute, he goes to...
Bridget von Hammersmark: Obviously, he wasn't born in America.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: So, I visited America, aye?
Bridget von Hammersmark, Lt. Archie Hicox: Yes.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Was this visit fortuitous?
Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Not for you.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Speaking of Frau von Hammersmark, whose idea was it for the death trap rendezvous?
Lt. Archie Hicox: She chose the spot.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Well, isn't that just dandy!
Lt. Archie Hicox: Look, she's not a military strategist. She's just an actress.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, you don't got to be Stonewall Jackson to know you don't want to fight in a basement!
Col. Hans Landa: As of this moment, both Omar and Donowitz should be sitting in their very seats we left for them, 0023 and 0024 if my memory serves, explosives still around their ankles, still ready to explode and your mission, what some would call a terrorist plot, as of this moment is still a go.
Lt. Aldo Raine: That's a pretty exciting story. What's next? "Eliza On The Ice"?
Col. Hans Landa: However... all I have to do is pick up this phone right here, inform the cinema, and your plan's kaputt.
Lt. Aldo Raine: If they're still there, and if they're still alive, and that's one big if, there ain't no way you gonna take them boys without settin' off them bombs.
Col. Hans Landa: I have no doubt. And yes, some Germans will die, and yes, it will ruin the evening, and yes, Goebbels will be very, very, very mad at you for what you've done to his big night... but you won't get Hitler, you won't get Goebbels, you won't get Göring, and you won't get Bormann. And you need all four to win the war. But if I don't pick up this phone right here, you may very well get all four... and if you get all four, you'll end the war... tonight.
Col. Hans Landa: So, gentlemen, let's discuss the prospect of ending the war tonight.
Col. Hans Landa: Let me see your foot.
Bridget von Hammersmark: I beg your pardon?
Col. Hans Landa: Put your foot in my lap.
Bridget von Hammersmark: Hans, you embarrass me.
Col. Hans Landa: Could you please reach into the right pocket of my coat and give me what you find in there?
Col. Hans Landa: Col. Hans Landa: May I?
Col. Hans Landa: Voila.
Col. Hans Landa: What's that American expression? "If the shoe fits, you must wear it."
Bridget von Hammersmark: What now, Colonel?
Col. Hans Landa: Monsieur LaPadite, to both your family and your cows I say: Bravo.
Col. Hans Landa: Gentlemen, I have no intention of killing Hitler and killing Goebbels and killing Göring and killing Bormann, not to mention winning the war single-handedly for the Allies, only later to find myself standing before a Jewish tribunal. If you want to win the war, tonight;
Col. Hans Landa: ...we have to make a deal.
Lt. Aldo Raine: What kind of deal?
Col. Hans Landa: The kind you wouldn't have the authority to make. However, I'm sure this mission of yours has a commanding officer. A general. I'm betting for... OSS would be my guess.
Major Dieter Hellstrom: Might I inquire... Like our young newly christened father here... I, too, have an acute ear for accents. And like him, I, too, find yours odd. From where do you hail, Captain?
Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Major, this is highly...
Major Dieter Hellstrom: - I wasn't speaking to you, Lieutenant Munich. Or you either, Lieutenant Frankfurt. I was speaking to Captain I-don't-know-what.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: After I kill that guy, you have 30 feet to get to that guy. Can you do it?
Pfc. Omar Ulmer: I have to.
Adolf Hitler: NEIN, NEIN, NEIN, NEIN, NEIN, NEIN!
Adolf Hitler: How much more of these Jew swine must I endure? They butcher my men like they were fish bait! I have heard the rumors myself! Soldiers of the Third Reich, who have brought the world to its knees, now pecking and clucking like chickens. Do you know the latest rumor they've conjured up in their fear-induced delirium? The one that beats my boys with a bat. The one they call "the Bear Jew" is a golem!
General Frank: Mein Führer, that is just soldier's gossip. No one really believes that the Bear Jew is a golem.
Adolf Hitler: Why not? They seem to elude capture like an apparition! They seem to be able to appear and disappear at will. You want to prove they're flesh and blood?
Adolf Hitler: THEN BRING THEM TO ME! I will hang them naked, by their heels from the Eiffel Tower! And then throw their bodies into the sewers for the rats of Paris to feast on!
Shosanna Dreyfus: I am going to burn down the cinema on Nazi night. And if I'm going to burn down the cinema, which I am, we both know you're not going to let me do it by myself. Because you love me. And I love you. And you're the only person on this earth I can trust. But that's not all we're going to do. Does the filmmaking equipment in the attic still work? I know the film camera does. How about the sound recorder?
Marcel: Quite well, actually. I recorded a new guitarist I met in a cafe last week. It works superb. Why do we need filmmaking equipment?
Shosanna Dreyfus: Because, Marcel, my sweet, we're going to make a film. Just for the Nazis.
Joseph Goebbels: It seems I've created a monster. A strangely persuasive monster.
Shosanna Dreyfus: Bring that fucker over here!
Col. Hans Landa: What a tremendously hostile world that a rat must endure. Yet not only does he survive, he thrives. Because our little foe has an instinct for survival and preservation second to none... And that, Monsieur, is what a Jew shares with a rat.
Adolf Hitler: How did you survive this ordeal?
Pvt. Butz: They let me go.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Now, when you report what happened here, you can't tell 'em you told us what you told us. They'll shoot ya. But they're gonna wanna know why you so special, we let you live? So, tell 'em we let you live so you could spread the word through the ranks what's gonna happen to every Nazi we find.
Adolf Hitler: You are not to tell anybody anything! Not one word of detail! Your outfit was ambushed and you got away! Not one word more!
Pvt. Butz: Yes, mein fuhrer.
Adolf Hitler: Did they mark you like they did they did the other survivors?
Pvt. Butz: Yes, mein fuhrer.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Now, say we let you go, and say you survive the war. When you get back home, whatcha gonna do?
Pvt. Butz: I will hug my mother like I've never hugged her before.
Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Says he's gonna hug his momma.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, ain't that a real nice boy? Are you going to take off your uniform?
Pvt. Butz: Not only shall I remove it, I intend to burn it.
Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Says he's gonna burn it.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, that's what we thought. We don't like that. You see, we like our Nazis in uniform. That way we can spot 'em just like that. But you take off that uniform, ain't no one ever gonna know you were a Nazi. And that don't sit well with us. So, I'm gonna give you a little something you can't take off.
Col. Hans Landa: Monsieur LaPadite, are you aware of the nickname the people of France have given me?
Perrier LaPadite: I have no interest in such things.
Col. Hans Landa: But you're aware of what they call me?
Perrier LaPadite: I'm aware.
Col. Hans Landa: What are you aware of?
Perrier LaPadite: That they call you "The Jew Hunter".
Col. Hans Landa: Precisely! I understand your trepidation in repeating it. Heydrich apparently hates the moniker the good people of Prague have bestowed on him. Actually, why he would hate the name "hangman" is baffling to me. It would appear he has done everything in his power to earn it. I, on the other hand, love my unofficial title, precisely BECAUSE I've earned it.
Lt. Archie Hicox: Lieutenant Archie Hicox reporting, Sir!
General Ed Fenech: General Ed Fenech. At ease, Hicox. Drink?
Lt. Archie Hicox: If you offered me a Scotch and plain water, I could drink Scotch and plain water.
General Ed Fenech: Attaboy, Lieutenant. Make it yourself like a good chap, will you? The bar's in the globe.
Lt. Archie Hicox: Something for yourself, Sir?
General Ed Fenech: Whiskey, straight. No junk in it.
Lt. Archie Hicox: What should we drink to, sir?
General Ed Fenech: Down with Hitler!
Lt. Archie Hicox: All the way down, sir.
Francesca Mondino: Emanuelle, did you enjoy "Lucky Kids"?
Shosanna Dreyfus: I rather liked Lillian Harvey.
Joseph Goebbels: Lillian Harvey! Never mention that name in my presence!
Marcel: What are we talking about?
Shosanna Dreyfus: Filling the cinema with Nazis and burning it to the ground.
Marcel: I'm not talking about that. You're talking about that.
Adolf Hitler: Extraordinary, my dear. Simply extraordinary. This is your finest film yet.
Joseph Goebbels: Thank you, mein Führer. Thank you.
Col. Hans Landa: Mir scheint, da fehlt jemand. Jemand fäschionäbles.
Bridget von Hammersmark: I can vouch for everything the young captain has just said. He *does* hail from the bottom of Piz Palu. He *was* in the film, and his brother *is* far more handsome than he.
Fredrick Zoller: It's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Before we yank that slug out you, you need to answer a few questions.
Bridget von Hammersmark: Few questions about what?
Lt. Aldo Raine: About I got three men dead back there. Why don't you try telling us what the fuck happened?
Bridget von Hammersmark: The British officer blew his German act and the Gestapo major saw it.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Before we get into who shot John, why'd you invite my men to a rendezvous in a basement with a bunch of Nazis?
Col. Hans Landa: Monsieur LaPadite, I regret to inform you I have exhausted the extent of my French. To continue to speak it so inadequately would only serve to embarrass me. However, I've been lead to believe that you speak English quite well.
Perrier LaPadite: Oui.
Col. Hans Landa: Well, it just so happens I do as well. This being your house, I ask your permission to switch back to English for the remainder of the conversation.
Col. Hans Landa: Monsieur LaPadite, while I'm very familiar with you and your family, I have no way of knowing if you are familiar with who I am. Are you aware of my existence?
Perrier LaPadite: Yes.
Col. Hans Landa: This is good. Are you aware of the job I've been ordered to carry out in France?
Perrier LaPadite: Yes.
Col. Hans Landa: Please tell me what you've heard?
Perrier LaPadite: I've heard the Führer has put you in charge of rounding up the Jews left in France who are either hiding or passing for gentile.
Col. Hans Landa: The Führer couldn't have said it better himself.
Perrier LaPadite: But the meaning of your visit, pleasant though it is, is mysterious to me. The Germans looked through my house nine months ago for hiding Jews and found nothing.
Col. Hans Landa: I'm aware of that. I read the report on this area. But like any enterprise, when under new management, there's always a slight duplication of efforts. Most of it being a complete waste of time, but it needs to be done nevertheless. I just have a few questions, Monsieur LaPadite. If you can assist me with answers, my department can close the file on your family.
Col. Hans Landa: Tell me, Aldo, if I were sitting where you're sitting, would you show me mercy?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Nope.
Col. Hans Landa: What is that English expression about shoes and feet?
Lt. Aldo Raine: "Looks like the shoe is on the other foot." Yeah, I was just thinking that.
Col. Hans Landa: You may leave us. But stay alert outside.
Col. Hans Landa: So you're Aldo the Apache.
Lt. Aldo Raine: So you're the Jew Hunter.
Col. Hans Landa: I'm a detective. A damn good detective. Finding people is my specialty, so naturally, I worked for the Nazis finding people and yes, some of them were Jews, but Jew Hunter?
Col. Hans Landa: Just a name that stuck.
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: Well, you do have to admit it is catchy.
Col. Hans Landa: Do you control the nicknames your enemies bestow on you? Aldo the Apache and the Little Man?
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: What do you man, the Little Man?
Col. Hans Landa: Germans' nickname for you.
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: The Germans' nickname for me is the Little Man?
Col. Hans Landa: And, as if to make my point, I'm a little surprised how tall you were in real life. I mean, you're a little fellow, but not "circus-midget" little, as your reputation would suggest.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Where's my men? Where Bridget von Hammersmark?
Col. Hans Landa: Well, let's just say she got what she deserved. And when you purchase friends like Bridget von Hammersmark, you get what you pay for. Now, as far as your paesanos, Sergeant Donowitz and Private Omar...
Lt. Aldo Raine: How you know our names?
Col. Hans Landa: Lieutenant Aldo, if you don't think I wouldn't interrogate every single one of your swastika-marked survivors... We simply aren't operating on the level of mutual respect I assumed.
Lt. Aldo Raine: No, I guess not.
Col. Hans Landa: Well, back to the whereabouts of your two Italian saboteurs. As of this moment, both Omar and Donowitz should be sitting in the very seats we left them in, 0023 and 0024, if my memory serves, explosives still around their ankles, ready to explode, and your mission, some would call it a terrorist plot, as of this moment, is still a go.
Lt. Aldo Raine: That's a purdy exciting story. What's next? Eliza on Ice?
Col. Hans Landa: However, all I have to do is pick up this phone right here, inform the cinema, and your plan's kaput.
Lt. Aldo Raine: If they're still there, and if they're still alive, and that's one big "If", there ain't no way you gonna take them boys without setting off them bombs.
Col. Hans Landa: I have no doubt. And yes, some Germans will die, and yes, it will ruin the evening, and yes, Goebbels will be very, very, very mad at you for what you've done to his big night, but you won't get Hitler, you won't get Goebbels, you won't get Göring, and you won't get Bormann and you need all four to end the war. But if I don't pick up this phone right here, you may very well get all four and if you get all four, you end the war. Tonight.
Col. Hans Landa: So, gentlemen, let's discuss the prospect of ending the war tonight.
Col. Hans Landa: So, the way I see it, since Hitler's death or possible rescue rests solely on my reaction, if I do nothing, it's as if I'm causing his death even more than yourselves. Wouldn't you agree?
Lt. Aldo Raine: I guess so.
Col. Hans Landa: How 'bout you, Utivich?
Pfc. Smithson Utivich: I guess so too.
Col. Hans Landa: Gentleman, I have no intention of killing Hitler and killing Goebbels and killing Göring and killing Bormann, not to mention winning the war single-handedly for the Allies, only later to find myself standing before a Jewish tribunal. If you want to win the war tonight, we have to make a deal!
Lt. Aldo Raine: What kind of deal?
Col. Hans Landa: The kind you wouldn't have the authority to make. However, I'm sure this mission of yours has a commanding officer. A general. I'm betting for... OSS would be my guess.
Col. Hans Landa: Ooh! That's a bingo! Is that the way you say it? "That's a bingo"?
Lt. Aldo Raine: You just say "Bingo".
Col. Hans Landa: Bingo! How fun! But I digress. Where were we? Yeah! Make a deal. Over there is a very capable two-way radio and sitting behind it is a more than capable radio operator named Hermann. Get me someone on the other end of that radio with the power of the pen to authorize my, let's call it, the terms of my conditional surrender, if that tastes better going down.
Lt. Aldo Raine: You know, where I'm from...
Col. Hans Landa: Yeah, where is that exactly?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Maynardville, Tennessee. I've done my share of bootlegging. Up there, if you engage in what the federal government calls illegal activity, but what we call just a man trying to make a living for his family, selling moonshine liquor, it behooves oneself to keep his wits. Long story short: We hear a story too good to be true, it ain't.
Col. Hans Landa: Sitting in your chair, I would probably say the same thing, and 999,999 times out of 1,000,000, you would be correct. But in the pages of history, every once in a while, Fate reaches out and extend its hand.
Col. Hans Landa: What shall the history books read?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Gwatzeeeeee. Gwatzeeee. Gwatzeeee.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: GET THE FUCK UP! You're on deck!
Marcel: Ooh la la... Danielle Darrieux.
Joseph Goebbels: It's only the offspring of slaves that allows America to be competitive athletically. American Olympic gold can be measured in Negro sweat.
Adolf Hitler: Kliest!
Kliest: Ja, mein Führer?
Adolf Hitler: I have an order I want relayed to all German soldiers stationed in France. The Jew degenerate known as the Bear Jew henceforth is never to be referred to as the Bear Jew again. Did you get that, Kliest?
Kliest: Ja, mein Führer.
General Ed Fenech: We have all our rotten eggs in one basket. The objective of Operation Kino: blow up the basket.
Shosanna Dreyfus: If you are so desperate for a French girlfriend, I suggest you try Vichy.
Joseph Goebbels: You have opera boxes?
Shosanna Dreyfus: Oui.
Joseph Goebbels: How many?
Shosanna Dreyfus: Two.
Joseph Goebbels: More would be better.
Winston Churchill: You say he wants to take on the Jews, at their own game? Well, compared to, say, Louis B. Mayer... how's he doing?
Lt. Archie Hicox: Quite well, actually. Since Goebbels has taken over, film attendance has steadily risen in Germany over the last eight years. But, Louis B. Mayer wouldn't be Goebbels proper opposite number. I believe Goebbels sees himself as closer to David O. Selznick.
Winston Churchill: Brief him.
Shosanna Dreyfus: I don't wish to be your friend.
Fredrick Zoller: Why not?
Shosanna Dreyfus: Don't act like an infant. You know why.
Fredrick Zoller: I'm more than just a uniform.
Shosanna Dreyfus: Not to me. If you are so desperate for a French girlfriend, I suggest you try Vichy.
General Ed Fenech: It says here you speak German fluently?
Lt. Archie Hicox: Like a Katzenjammer Kid.
General Ed Fenech: And your occupation before the war?
Lt. Archie Hicox: I'm a film critic.
General Ed Fenech: List your accomplishments?
Lt. Archie Hicox: Well, sir, such as they are, I write reviews and articles for a publication called 'Films & Filmmakers.' As well as our sister publication.
General Ed Fenech: What's that called?
Lt. Archie Hicox: 'Flickers Bi-Monthly', and I've had two books published.
General Ed Fenech: Impressive. Don't be modest, Lieutenant. What are their titles?
Lt. Archie Hicox: The first book was called 'Art of the Eyes, the Heart, and the Mind: A Study of German Cinema in the Twenties.' And the second one was called 'Twenty-Four Frame Da Vinci.' It's a subtextual film criticism study of the work of German director G. W. Pabst.
Lt. Archie Hicox: What should we drink to, sir?
General Ed Fenech: Down with Hitler.
Lt. Archie Hicox: All the way down, sir.
Col. Hans Landa: So when the military history of this night is written, it will be recorded that I was part of Operation Kino from the very beginning as a double agent. Anything I've done in my guise as an SS Colonel was sanctioned by the OSS as a necessary evil to establish my cover with the Germans and it was my placement of Lieutenant Raine's dynamite in Hitler and Goebbels' opera box that assured their demise. By the way, that last part's actually true. I want my full military pension and benefits under my proper rank. I want to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor for my invaluable assistance in the toppling of the Third Reich. In fact, I want all the members of Operation Kino to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. Full citizenship for myself - Well, that goes without saying. And I would like the United States of America to purchase property for me on Nantucket Island as a reward for all the countless lives I've saved by bringing the tyranny of the National Socialist party to a swifter-than-imagined end. Do you have all that, sir?
Col. Hans Landa: I look forward to seeing you face to face as well, sir.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Now, before we yank that slug out you, you need to answer a few questions.
Bridget von Hammersmark: Few questions about what?
Lt. Aldo Raine: About I got three men dead back there. Why don't you try telling us what the fuck happened?
Bridget von Hammersmark: The British officer blew his German act and the Gestapo major saw it.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Before we get into who shot John, why'd you invite my men to a rendezvous in a basement with a bunch of Nazis?
Bridget von Hammersmark: I can see since you didn't see what happened inside, that the Nazis being there must look odd.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, we got a word for that kind of odd in English. It's called "suspicious".
Bridget von Hammersmark: Everybody needs to calm down! You're letting your imagination get the better of you!
Bridget von Hammersmark: You met the sergeant yourself! Willi! You remember him, don't you?
Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, I remember him.
Bridget von Hammersmark: His wife had a baby tonight. He had just become a-
Bridget von Hammersmark: He had just become a father! His commanding officer gave him and his mates the night off to celebrate.
Bridget von Hammersmark: The Germans being there was either a trap set by me or a tragic coincidence. It couldn't be both.
Lt. Aldo Raine: How'd the shooting start?
Bridget von Hammersmark: The Englishman gave himself away.
Lt. Aldo Raine: How'd he do that?
Bridget von Hammersmark: He ordered three glasses.
Bridget von Hammersmark: We order three glasses.
Bridget von Hammersmark: That's the German three. The other looks odd. Germans would and did notice it.
Lt. Aldo Raine: Okay, let's pretend there were no Germans and everything went exactly the way it was supposed to. What was the next step?
Bridget von Hammersmark: Tuxedos. To get them into the premiere wearing military uniforms with all the military there would've been suicide. But going as members of the German film industry, they wear tuxedos and fit in with everybody else. I arranged for the tailor to fit three tuxedos tonight.
Lt. Aldo Raine: How'd you intend to get them in that premiere.
Bridget von Hammersmark: Hand me my purse. Lieutenant Hicox was going as my escort. The other two were going as a German cameraman and his assistant.
Lt. Aldo Raine: You still get us in that premiere?
Bridget von Hammersmark: You speak German better than your friends? No. Have I been shot? Yes! I don't see me tripping the light fantastique up a red carpet anytime soon! Least of all, by tomorrow night.
Sgt. Donny Donowitz: We punch those goons out, take their machine guns, and burst in there blasting!
Shosanna Dreyfus: You either do what the fuck we tell you, or I'll bury this axe in your collaborating skull.     