
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: Go straight then left, then right, then left, and your house will be next.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: If you can drop me here then you can drop me at my house.
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: My job is to show the way. It's your job to find destiny.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: Where there is religion, there is no space for truth... and where there is truth, there is no need for religion.
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: Like a worshipper is incomplete without God, likewise God is also incomplete without a true worshipper.
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: I am Krishna that's why I do magic... I am not Krishna because I do magic.
Jigna: To pay for that sin, she is fasting today.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: Tell me one thing. How can MY sins be forgiven if she fasts?
Kanji Lalji Mehta: Why do spirits become restless after death? When a person dies, he gets freedom. Then, why does he become restless?
Mahadev: It's not like that. What if someone's last wish remains unfulfilled?
Kanji Lalji Mehta: Yes. Then the son will fulfill it.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: What is this? How could he sell my house? I was about to pay him.
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: But I've already paid him.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: It's not possible! This is MY house!
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: Relax. Chill, chill. When you get the "act of God" money, to the God you can pay back and I'll go from here. By the way, I'll leave as soon as my project is over.
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: Like a devotee is incomplete without God... just like that even God is incomplete without a true devotee.
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: Hello.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: Who is it?
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: God.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: What?
Krishna Vasudev Yadav: If you were Muslim, I'd be your messenger. if you would be Christian, then Jesus. You are a Hindu. That's why Krishna.
Kanji Lalji Mehta: God came to mess with me in a tuxedo.
Leeladhar Maharaj: You may escape safely from here as it's a court premises. How will you escape from them?
CEO: For God's sake, prove that God exists! And-and-and make God pay everything!
Prosecutor: Relax. If I ever see you in this court again, I will file a case for libel that will leave you penniless. Relax.     