
Edmond: Life is a storm, my young friend. You will bask in the sunlight one moment, be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes. You must look into that storm and shout as you did in Rome. Do your worst, for I will do mine! Then the fates will know you as we know you: as Albert Mondego, the man!
Edmond: There are 72,519 stones in my walls. I've counted them many times.
Abbe Faria: But have you named them yet?
Fernand: What happened to your mercy?
Edmond Dantes: I'm a count, not a saint.
Jacopo: Why not just kill them? I'll do it! I'll run up to Paris - bam, bam, bam, bam. I'm back before week's end. We spend the treasure. How is this a bad plan?
Luigi: We shall call him... Zatarra.
Edmond: Sounds fearsome.
Luigi: It means "driftwood."
Abbe Faria: Here is your final lesson - do not commit the crime for which you now serve the sentence. God said, "Vengeance is mine."
Edmond Dantes: I don't believe in God.
Abbe Faria: It doesn't matter. He believes in you.
Abbe Faria: When I told them I had no idea where Count Spada hid his treasure, I lied.
Edmond: You lied?
Abbe Faria: I'm a priest, not a saint.
Edmond: We are kings or pawns, a man once said.
Luigi: Who told you this?
Edmond: Napolean Bonaparte.
Luigi: Bonaparte?
Luigi: Oh, Zatarra, the stories you tell.
Edmond: Monseuir, I know you must hear this a great deal; I assure you I am innocent. Everyone must say that, I know, but I truly am.
Dorleac: Innocent?
Edmond: Yes.
Dorleac: I know. I really do know.
Edmond: You mock me?
Dorleac: No, my dear Dantes. I know perfectly well that you are innocent. Why else would you be here? If you were truly guilty, there are a hundred prisons in France where they would lock you away. But Chateau d'If is where is they put the ones they're ashamed of.
Jacopo: I swear on my dead relatives - and even on the ones who are not feeling too good - I am your man forever!
Luigi: So, mi amici, I would ask who you are, but in view of your shredded clothes and the fact that the Chateau d'If is two miles away... what's the point? As for me, I am Luigi Vampa, a smuggler and a thief. My men and I have come to this island to bury alive one of our number who attempted to keep some stolen gold for himself instead of sharing it with his comrades. Interestingly enough, there are some of his more loyal friends who are insisting that I grant him mercy. Which, of course, I cannot do, or I would quickly lose control of the whole crew. That is why you are such a fortunate find.
Edmond: Why is that?
Luigi: You provide me with a way to show a little mercy to Jacopo - that maggot you see tied up over there - while at the same time not appearing weak. And as a bonus, the lads will get to see a little sport as well.
Edmond: How do I accomplish all this?
Luigi: We watch you and Jacopo fight to the death. If Jacopo wins, we welcome him back to the crew. If you win, I have given Jacopo the chance to live, even if he did not take advantage of it, and you can take his place on the boat.
Edmond: What if I win and I don't want to be a smuggler?
Luigi: Then we slit your throat, and we're a bit shorthanded.
Edmond: I find that smuggling is the life for me, and would be delighted to kill your friend the maggot!
Luigi: Oh, and by the way, Jacopo is the best knife fighter I have ever seen.
Edmond: Perhaps you should get out more...
Luigi: Release Jacopo, and give him back his knife. And we'll let the games begin...
Abbe Faria: With two of us digging, we can cover twice the ground. It'll only take us, oh... 8 years to reach the outer wall.
Abbe Faria: Ohh... and does something else demand your time? Some pressing appointment, perhaps?
Edmond: If you ever loved me, don't rob me of my hate. It's all I have.
Abbe Faria: In return for your help, I offer something priceless.
Edmond: My freedom?
Abbe Faria: No, freedom can be taken away, as you well know. I offer knowledge, everything I have learned. I will teach you, oh, economics, mathematics, philosophy, science.
Edmond: To read and write?
Abbe Faria: Of course.
Edmond: When do we start?
Dorleac: And if you're thinking just now 'Why me, oh God?' the answer is: God has nothing to do with it. In fact, God is never in France this time of year.
Edmond: God has everything to do with it. He's everywhere. He sees everything.
Dorleac: Alright. Let's make a bargain, shall we? You ask God for help and I'll stop the moment he shows up.
Mercedes: You would have to be a mother to truly appreciate the service you have done for my son and me. Monsieur, I will never forget you.
Count of Monte Cristo: Please, madame, It was nothing; and I am sure in within a month you will not even remember my name
Count of Monte Cristo: May I steal your wife?
Fernand: Excuse me?
Count of Monte Cristo: For the waltz?
Mercedes: I don't know what dark plan lies within you. Nor do I know by what design we were asked to live without each other these 16 years. But God has offered us a new beginning...
Edmond: God?
Mercedes: Don't slap His hand away.
Edmond: Can I never escape Him?
Mercedes: No, He is in everything. Even in a kiss.
Albert Mondego: May I ask who you are, sir?
Count of Monte Cristo: For the present, your friend. Tomorrow, your host. For the short time formality stands between us, the Count of Monte Cristo.
Prison guard: We could have handled that a bit better.
Napoleon: In life, we are kings or pawns.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Mondego's the one who pulled the trigger! He'd never confess in a million years!
Count of Monte Cristo: You're right, he wouldn't... but you just have.
Fernand: Monte Cristo!
Edmond: King's to you, Fernand.
Fernand: Edmond? How did you...
Edmond: How did I escape? With difficulty. How did I plan this moment? With pleasure!
Fernand: So you've taken Mercedes.
Edmond: And everything else. Except your life.
Fernand: Why are you doing this?
Edmond: It's complicated. Let's just say it's vengeance for the life that you stole from me.
Abbe Faria: Define Economics.
Edmond: Economics is a science that deals with the production, distribution, and consumption of commodities.
Abbe Faria: Translation?
Edmond: Dig first, money later.
Edmond: Why? In God's name, why?
Fernand: Because you're the son of a clerk, and I'm not supposed to want to be you!
Abbe Faria: The stronger swordsman does not necessarily win. It is speed! Speed of hand, speed of mind.
Fernand: You pleased me some of the time.
Mercedes: You never pleased me.
Luigi: Oh, and by the way, Jacopo is the best knife fighter I have ever seen.
Edmond: Perhaps you should get out more.
Jacopo: I bid you good afternoon, sir. I am here to purchase your lovely home.
Mansion Owner: The very cheek! I shall have you horsewhipped! Now get off my property, you vagabond, before I set the dogs on you, you hear?
Jacopo: Thank you.
Abbe Faria: The slot opens twice a day. Once in the morning for your toilet bucket, which is where we hide the dirt. And once more in the evening for your plate. Between those times, we can work all day without fear of discovery.
Edmond: So neglect becomes our ally.
On Screen Text: In 1814, the French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte was exiled to the island of Elba, off the coast of Italy. Fearing an attempt to rescue him, his British captors would shoot anyone who came ashore...
On Screen Text: ...no matter how innocent or desperate.
Edmond: If you ever presume to interfere in my affairs again, I will, I promise you, finish the job I started the day we met! Do you understand?
Jacopo: I understand you are mad.
Edmond: Mad? My enemies are falling into my traps perfectly!
Jacopo: Mad, your grace, for ignoring this: you have a fortune, a beautiful woman who loves you. Take the money, take the woman, and live your life! Stop this plan, take what you have won!
Edmond: I can't.
Jacopo: Why not?... I'm still your man, Zatarra. I swore an oath I will protect you. Even if it means I must protect you from yourself. I'll drive you home now.
Danglar: Who are you?
Edmond: I'm the Count of Monte Cristo...
Edmond: But my friends call me Edmond Dantes!
Danglar: Dantes...
Edmond: Cut him down before he can't talk...
Mercedes: Is Viscount Torville dead?
Fernand: Well, unless his heart is situated somewhere other than the left side of his chest, I suspect he is.
Mercedes: God grant him peace. He did no more than defend his family's honor.
Fernand: Much good it did him. His wife and I were happy in our passion. You were happy in your ignorance. Now comes the viscount's valiant defense of his honor, and you are pained. She is ruined, and he is dead.
Mercedes: Don't flatter yourself, Fernand. I was neither happy, nor ignorant, having known about the last three women before Madame Tourville.
Fernand: I'm sorry that you are humiliated. The combination of Paris and me is hardly a recipe for fidelity, is it? But since my attempts at discretion have evidently failed, there seems little point in keeping up pretenses. It's actually quite... liberating. Wouldn't you say?
Edmond: You've only got one shot. And it'll take more than that to stop me.
Fernand: Well, then, I best put it where it will do the most damage.
Mercedes: What's wrong?
Fernand: I'm bankrupt. All my debts have been called in. Also, I am to be arrested.
Mercedes: For what?
Fernand: Piracy, corruption, and murder.
Mercedes: Did you do all these things?
Fernand: Yes. But there's simply not the time to talk about it. The gendarmes are on their way, apparently, so hurry up and pack something.
Mercedes: I'm not going with you, Fernand.
Fernand: Fernand: You are my wife. I have made arrangements for us. We shall be very well taken care of. Now go and find my son.
Mercedes: He's not your son.
Fernand: I beg your pardon?
Mercedes: Albert Mondego is the son of Edmond Dantes.
Mercedes: Why do you think I rushed off so quickly to marry you when Edmond was taken away?
Fernand: Premature.
Fernand: Well, aren't you a piece of work? So he's the bastard son of a dead traitor?
Fernand: He always was disappointing.
Mercedes: I want to be free of you... the way you, obviously, are free of me.
Edmond Dantes: God is no more real than your treasure, Priest.
Abbe Faria: Perhaps...
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: I am the chief magistrate, an official of the new regime. And I cannot afford to have my own father mixed up in treasonous affairs!
Colonel Villefort, aka: Clarion: You know... in the end, treason is a matter of dates. And I shall be the patriot, and you the traitor, when the emperor returns.
Valentina Villefort: Stop it. Stop, you old ruin. Those days are over. Napoleon Bonaparte is no longer the emperor of anything. And if you continue to dabble in this lunacy, you run an excellent chance of being arrested and ruining our entire family, all because of your idiotic sympathies.
Colonel Villefort, aka: Clarion: Well, at least I have sympathies.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: For God's sake, Father, all Valentina is saying is that as a family, our fates are intertwined. Surely you can see that.
Colonel Villefort, aka: Clarion: See? Ah! I'm an old ruin. I don't see as well as I did.
Dorleac: Come on, come on, I haven't got all day... wait. Actually, I do. I've got...
Dorleac: ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD!
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: I require seventy percent.
Fernand: And yet you'll only get fifty.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Done.
Mercedes: Albert, I found the note you left explaining where you'd gone. But now I must explain something to you. Where you've really come from. Albert, you are the son of Edmond Dantes. The man you know as the Count of Monte Cristo.
Fernand: Well, I'm afraid it is true. You are the walking proof that your mother was as much of a whore in her younger years as she is today.
Abbe Faria: 2,500 cubic centimeters of rock and dust a day for 365 days.
Edmond: Equals three-and-a-half meters a year, 12 feet, a foot a month.
Edmond: Three inches a week.
Abbe Faria: In Italian.
Edmond: Ancora tre metri e un mezzo.
Napoleon: Kings and pawns, marshal. Emperors and fools.
Albert Mondego: Who are you, and why are you doing this?
Luigi: We are bad men, and for the money!
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: How is your father?
Fernand: Alive, unfortunately.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: We share the same misfortune.
Jacopo: Once again, Zatarra, God sees you out of the corner of His eye.
Mercedes: I will never forget your kindness.
Fernand: I shall never cease to give it.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: I don't see how any of this has anything to do with our business relationship!
Count of Monte Cristo: I'm about to tell you.
Danglar: You presume to demote me?
Morell: Not at all. You're still the first mate of the Pharaon, under Captain Dantes.
Luigi: Release Jacopo, and give him back his knife. And we'll let the games begin.
Fernand: Take your vengeance. But know that the blood you spill is noble. Blood that will never run through your veins. You are no more a count than I am a commoner!
Fernand: We're drinking Napoleon Bonaparte's wine!
Napoleon: I believe you'll find the 1806 a finer vintage.
Old Man Dantes: May this moment be the dawn of a new and wonderful life for you both...
Gendarmes Captain: Which one of you is Edmond Dantes?
Edmond: I am.
Gendarmes Captain: Edmond Dantes, you are under arrest by order of the chief magistrate of Marseille.
Old Man Dantes: Arrest?
Edmond: On what charges?
Gendarmes Captain: That information is privilaged
Gendarmes Captain: Take him!
Edmond: I demand an explanation! I demand an explanation!
Fernand: Come in Albert, and for God's sake be brief.
Mercedes: I know what you want, Fernand.
Fernand: You do?
Mercedes: Remember when we were kids and Edmond got that whistle for his birthday, and you got a pony? You were so mad that Edmond was happier with his whistle than you were with your pony. And I'm not going to be your next whistle.
Edmond: So you were in Napoleon's army.
Abbe Faria: We had such dreams then. However, one night... my regiment ran down a band of guerillas, who ran into a church for sanctuary. I was ordered to burn down the church with them inside it.
Edmond: Did you?
Abbe Faria: To my everlasting shame, I did.
Fernand: Not that I don't appreciate the embroidery of the crimes, but still, murder?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: It's quite simple, really. When you reported Dantes' receiving the letter to me, I didn't quite understand why you were betraying him, but now, having seen his exquisite fiancée, I understand completely.
Fernand: What prompts you to be so accommodating?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Sit down, Mondego.
Edmond: How did you come to be here?
Abbe Faria: The following day I deserted, to devote my life to repentance and to God. I worked as a private secretary to the enormously wealthy Count Enrique Spada. Spada was a righteous man. Sadly, a couple of years later, he died, amidst rumors that he had hidden his limitless fortune. Two weeks later, I was arrested.
Edmond: Why?
Abbe Faria: Napoleon wanted Spada's treasure. He did not believe that I had no idea where it was. So he had me thrown in here to refresh my memory. And so here I've remained with only God for company, until He sent me you.
Abbe Faria: You once told me that Villefort had you re-arrested just after he had cleared you of all the charges.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: You may go.
Edmond: Yes, that's true.
Abbe Faria: Then why would he go through that charade unless he had reason to change his mind about letting you go? Think, Edmond.
Edmond: I'm trying.
Abbe Faria: What happened?
Edmond: He asked me...
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Did Napoleon tell you who was supposed to pick up this letter?
Edmond: I told him...
Edmond: A monsieur Clarion.
Abbe Faria: And nothing more?
Edmond: Nothing. He burnt the letter and said I could go.
Abbe Faria: Ah. He burned... the letter.
Abbe Faria: Strange that a chief magistrate would burn evidence of a treasonous conspiracy, and then imprison the only man who was aware of monsieur Clarion's connection to that conspiracy.
Edmond: He was protecting someone.
Abbe Faria: Ah. A dear friend, perhaps?
Edmond: No. No. A politician like Villefort would have rid himself of such friends. Clarion could be a relative. A close relative, possibly...
Edmond: No! Villefort's father was a colonel in Napoleon's army. Villefort wasn't protecting Clarion. He was protecting himself. Danglars, who falsely said he saw Napoleon give me that letter. Mondego, who told Villefort I had it. And Villefort himself, who sent me here.
Abbe Faria: Bravo, Edmond. Bravo.
Edmond: Señor Vampa, allow Jacopo to live. He's already suffered enough with the prospect of being buried alive. The men that wanted to see some sport have seen it. Those who wanted mercy for Jacopo will get it. And by keeping me and Jacopo, you will have yet another skilled sailor and fighter for your crew.
Luigi: It's a deal.
Edmond: Some day, I may come to find you. A man is always in need of a good friend.
Morell: So, monsieur Zatarra, you were a friend of Edmond?
Edmond: Monsieur Morell?
Morell: Yes?
Edmond: You knew... Edmond, also?
Morell: Like a son.
Edmond: I was hoping you could tell me where to find his family.
Morell: Unfortunately, his father hanged himself after learning of Edmond's treason.
Edmond: I see. And... this... treason you speak of... who accused him?
Morell: Who knows? Monsieur Villefort, the man who had Edmond arrested, left for Paris soon after to take up the post of Chief Prosecutor. Of course, the shock of his father's violent murder may also have spurred his departure. They were strange times.
Edmond: You seem to have fallen on difficult times yourself, sir.
Morell: After Edmond's death, I reluctantly took on a partner. One of my captains. And then one day, Danglars forced me out. My fate is nothing compared to Edmond's.
Edmond: Perhaps your luck is about to change.
Edmond: Death is too good for them. They must suffer as I suffered. They must see their world, all they hold dear, ripped from them as it was ripped from me.
Jacopo: You will need a better name than Zatarra if you are to accomplish that.
Edmond: Then I shall become a Count.
Jacopo: Ladies and gentlemen, it is with great honor that I present to you His Grace, the Count of Monte Cristo.
Count of Monte Cristo: His finances?
Jacopo: He's losing money at the other casinos. They're not even cheating him.
Count of Monte Cristo: And have you looked into his shipping?
Jacopo: He got a bank loan for his own boat several years ago. Doesn't use Danglars.
Count of Monte Cristo: Make sure we own that bank by tomorrow. Tell the other shipping companies to stay away from Mondego. I want to give him no choice but to crawl back to Danglars. Now, tell the dealers... take it all.
Danglar: Well, well. To what do I owe the honor, Count Mondego? Can't imagine why you've been avoiding me after all these years.
Fernand: I'm prepared to overlook your faults, and perhaps resume our dealings.
Danglar: Business not going so well these days?
Mercedes: Albert wishes to talk with us.
Fernand: Not now! Tell him I'm trying to protect his inheritance.
Mercedes: Oh, are you afraid he's going to squander his as you have yours?
Fernand: That's funny, I don't recall hearing your complaints when I elevated you from being a fishmonger's daughter. Now please, I must finish this, and then I shall be going out.
Mercedes: May I remind you, my love, that in Paris there are mistresses aplenty, but you have only one son.
Count of Monte Cristo: Well done, gentlemen.
Luigi: Many thanks, Your Grace.
Jacopo: He's out in the waiting room. He showed courage in the tunnels.
Count of Monte Cristo: He's a means to an end.
Count of Monte Cristo: What's the matter?
Mercedes: Uh, nothing. You just remind me of someone from long ago. Someone who was very dear to me.
Count of Monte Cristo: I'm flattered. What happened to him?
Mercedes: He died.
Mercedes: Fernand! The toast.
Fernand: Not right now. I have state business to attend to.
Mercedes: Our guests expect it. Albert expects it.
Fernand: You give it, my dear. I'm sure it'll be splendid.
Mercedes: You are his father! It's the least you can do. You know how he admires you.
Fernand: Then he will forgive my absence.
Fernand: I thought we agreed not to meet socially.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: How could I pass up the Count of Monte Cristo?
Fernand: Quite. What do you know of him?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: He's foreign, rich. I hear he aided your son.
Fernand: Why does he seek your counsel?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Why should I tell you?
Fernand: When my son returned from Rome, he mentioned he'd heard Monte Cristo saying he was expecting a shipment. He also heard the words "gold" and "Spada".
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: You don't believe...
Fernand: Monte Cristo has found the treasure of Spada.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Not an hour ago, he asked me to help him avoid troublesome inspection on a shipment coming from Marseilles. I could have him arrested.
Fernand: Don't do that. Let's just relieve him of it.
Count of Monte Cristo: This Edmond, you loved him?
Mercedes: Yes.
Count of Monte Cristo: For how long?
Mercedes: For all of my life.
Count of Monte Cristo: And how long after he died before you married the Count?
Mercedes: That isn't fair.
Count of Monte Cristo: We've reached your home, Countess.
Mercedes: You're right. You cannot be my Edmond.
Count of Monte Cristo: Well, there you are. You said it yourself. Edmond Dantes is dead. Good night.
Count of Monte Cristo: Your father was a loyal supporter of Napoleon, wasn't he? Possibly involved in plotting Napoleon's escape from Elba.
Colonel Villefort, aka: Clarion: The emperor arrives soon!
Count of Monte Cristo: An inconvenient parent for an ambitious civil servant like yourself. But then he died suddenly, and opportunely murdered, again some sixteen years ago.
Colonel Villefort, aka: Clarion: The emperor Napoleon.
Count of Monte Cristo: The murderer never apprehended. How hard did you look for them?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: You have no proof, no witnesses. You just have theories. J-Just conjectures.
Count of Monte Cristo: On the contrary. I have Count Mondego.
Colonel Villefort, aka: Clarion: Young Mondego. Why?
Fernand: Because your son lacked the courage.
Gendarmes Captain: A courtesy for a gentleman.
Count of Monte Cristo: You didn't think I'd make it that easy, did you?
Count of Monte Cristo: I thought we had finished our conversation in the carriage.
Mercedes: So did I. Until I realized... you said the name "Dantes." A name that I had never mentioned.
Count of Monte Cristo: What do you want of me?
Mercedes: Just a few answers from you, and I shall be gone forever.
Count of Monte Cristo: Ask your questions.
Mercedes: Where have you been?
Count of Monte Cristo: Thirteen years in the Chateau d'If, and everywhere else you can imagine.
Mercedes: The Chateau d'If for thirteen years. Did you suffer?
Count of Monte Cristo: Are you finished now? I have a good deal on my mind.
Mercedes: What happened afterward?
Count of Monte Cristo: Much.
Mercedes: Why did you not come to me?
Count of Monte Cristo: Why did you not wait? You married the very man who betrayed...
Mercedes: I told you that night on the rocks, remember? That it would never leave my finger. And it never has.
Edmond: You were right, Priest. You were right. This I promise you... and God: all that was used for vengeance will now be used for good. So rest in peace, my friend.
Jacopo: So, Zatarra, painful, huh?
Edmond: No. I bought this place, thinking one day I would tear it down. But now the only things I care about... are walking off this island with me. Let's go home.
Fernand: To better days.
Edmond: I shall seek out Edmond's fiancée.
Morell: You mean the Countess Mondego?
Edmond: Countess?
Morell: Yes. A month after poor Edmond was arrested, Mercedes wed his best friend.
Edmond: Fernand.
Morell: Yes, that's right. And with the death of his father and brother in the war, Fernand became Count Mondego. They live in Paris now. Count and Countess Mondego.
Morell: Are you all right?
Edmond: Yes. I must go.
Morell: I'm sorry I was not more helpful.
Edmond: Oh, no. You've told me what I needed to know.
Edmond: Edmond Dantes is dead.
Jacopo: Did you fall off the bed?
Count of Monte Cristo: After thirteen years of sleeping on a stone slab, I can't.
Jacopo: Mi Maria. Does that hurt?
Count of Monte Cristo: Did you come here for a reason?
Jacopo: Mondego has a son.
Albert Mondego: How did you come to know of my kidnapping?
Count of Monte Cristo: I have many connections, some of which are less than reputable. I pay well to be informed of anything of note in any city in which I stay. And the kidnapping of a Count's son is of note.
Albert Mondego: But why risk your life rescuing me?
Count of Monte Cristo: The son of a fellow noble. It was the least I could do. Judging by your character, I'm sure you would have done the same.
Edmond Dantes: For a moment I thought you were abandoning me.
Fernand: Fernand Mondego does not abandon his friends in the face of stupid, suicidal danger. However, as monsieur Morell's official representative on this voyage, Edmond, I must officially tell you you have overstepped your bounds as second mate. Officially. There. I've covered myself.
Edmond Dantes: If we don't get him to a doctor, he will die. Do you understand?
Fernand: Of course I understand. Just don't expect me to do this sober.
Napoleon: I'm curious. What's the significance of the chess piece?
Edmond: It's just something we've done since childhood. Um, when one of us has had a victory, king of the moment.
Napoleon: I'm moved by your efforts to save your captain's life, Dantes.
Edmond: He was my captain, and my friend, Your Majesty.
Napoleon: Loyal friends are rare indeed. In fact, it is upon such a matter I wish to speak. I have written a rather sentimental letter to an old comrade in Marseilles. It's a side of me I prefer the British not see. Since they have a habit of opening my mail, I wonder if you would deliver it for me.
Edmond: Oh, I-I don't...
Napoleon: It's just a letter from one old soldier to another. It's totally innocent, I assure you. But more important, it is the price I demand for the use of my physician.
Edmond: Then I agree.
Napoleon: Good. You are deliver the letter to Monsieur Clarion. Can you remember that name?
Edmond: Monsieur Clarion. How will I find him?
Napoleon: Oh, he will find you.
Napoleon: Now, I do not wish this letter's existence to be known to anyone else. Not even your boon companion back there. Do you understand?
Edmond: I'm a man of my word, Your Majesty.
Napoleon: Yes, I, uh... I believe you are.
Edmond: King's to you, Mondego. Being your friend is always an adventure.
Napoleon: Time you were on your way. Your captain has been dead for half an hour.
Edmond: Are you sure?
Napoleon: When you have walked as many battlefields as I, young Dantes, you can feel death.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Well, I must say, Dantes, you don't have the look of a traitor.
Edmond Dantes: Traitor?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Now, attend me well, Dantes, for your life may depend on it. Did you have any personal contact with Napoleon when you were on Elba?
Edmond Dantes: Elba. Yes, I did. Well, we did. I was with the Count Mondego's son, Fernand, almost the entire time. Do you know Fernand?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: He's a recent acquaintance, yes.
Edmond Dantes: Oh, there you are. He'll vouch for me.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: No doubt, but you said "almost the entire time."
Edmond Dantes: Except for when Napoleon asked me to deliver a personal letter to a friend in Marseilles.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Well, Dantes, it is for accepting that treasonous correspondence that you have been denounced by your own first mate, a monsieur Danglars.
Edmond Dantes: What?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Now, did you deliver the letter?
Edmond: No, sir. Someone was supposed to find me. It's... it's still in my jacket. Here.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Have you read this?
Edmond: No, sir, I can't read.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Well, Dantes, this is a letter to one of Napoleon's agents. It gives the times and locations of the British beach patrols on Elba.
Edmond: Sir, I swear on my mother's grave, I had no idea. He swore its contents were innocent.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Did Napoleon tell you who's supposed to pick up the letter?
Edmond: Monsieur Clarion.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: What... what name did you say?
Edmond: Monsieur Clarion.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Have you mentioned this name to anyone else? Monsieur Mondego or anyone?
Edmond: No, sir. In fact, monsieur Mondego knows nothing of this letter.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: This is very dangerous information. One can never be too careful in times like this.
Abbe Faria: Forgive my intrusion. But I was under the impression that I... I was digging towards the outer wall.
Abbe Faria: I have not seen the sky these eleven years. Thank you. Thank you, God.
Edmond: There is no talk of God in here, Priest.
Abbe Faria: What about the... inscription?
Edmond: It's faded, just as God has faded from my heart.
Abbe Faria: And what has replaced it?
Edmond: Revenge.
Abbe Faria: Perhaps your thoughts of revenge are serving God's purpose of keeping you alive these seven years.
Edmond Dantes: To what end?
Abbe Faria: Escape.
Edmond: You were a soldier, Priest. So you know weaponry. Teach me. Or dig alone.
Abbe Faria: You force me to walk a fine line, Dantes.
Valentina Villefort: My dear Count, allow me to introduce to you my husband, monsieur Villefort, Chief Prosecutor.
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Very kind of you to think of us.
Count of Monte Cristo: Oh, I am the one honored with your presence. Now, please, enjoy yourselves tonight.
Valentina Villefort: What do we know about him?
J.F. Villefort, Chief Magistrate: Not enough.
Fernand: Well, I see someone has taught you the sword.
Edmond: How did you ever call yourself my friend?
Fernand: We were friends, Edmond.
Edmond: You sent me to hell! Why?     