
Danny: Ten oughta do it, don't you think?
Rusty: Danny: You think we need one more?
Rusty: Danny: You think we need one more.
Rusty: Danny: All right, we'll get one more.
Rusty: Rusty: You look down, they know you're lying and up, they know you don't know the truth. Don't use seven words when four will do. Don't shift your weight, look always at your mark but don't stare, be specific but not memorable, be funny but don't make him laugh. He's got to like you then forget you the moment you've left his side. And for God's sake, whatever you do, don't, under any circumstances...
Livingston: Rus?
Rusty: Yeah?
Livingston: Come look at this?
Rusty: Sure.
Rusty: You scared?
Linus: You suicidal?
Rusty: Only in the morning.
Danny: Does he make you laugh?
Tess: He doesn't make me cry.
Turk Malloy: Watch it, bud.
Virgil Malloy: Who you calling bud, pal?
Turk Malloy: Who you calling pal, friend?
Virgil Malloy: Who you calling friend, jackass?
Turk Malloy: Don't call me a jackass.
Virgil Malloy: I just did call you a jackass.
Reuben: Look, we all go way back and uh, I owe you from the thing with the guy in the place and I'll never forget it.
Danny: That was our pleasure.
Rusty: I'd never been to Belize.
Danny: There's a ninety-five pound Chinese man with a hundred sixty million dollars behind this door.
Linus: Let's get him out.
Danny: Yeah.
Rusty: I need the reason. Don't say money. Why do this?
Danny: Why not do it?
Danny: Because yesterday I walked out of the joint after losing four years of my life and you're cold-decking "Teen Beat" cover boys.
Danny: Because the house always wins. Play long enough, you never change the stakes, the house takes you. Unless, when that perfect hand comes along, you bet big, and then you take the house.
Rusty: Been practicing that speech, haven't you?
Danny: Little bit. Did I rush it? Felt like I rushed it.
Rusty: No, it was good, I liked it. "Teen Beat" thing was harsh.
Danny: Which one is the amazing Yen?
Rusty: He's the little Chinese guy.
Tess: You know what your problem is?
Danny: I only have one?
Danny: Thirteen million and you drive this piece of shit cross country to pick me up?
Rusty: Blew it all on the suit.
Danny: I'm not sure what four nines does, but the ace, I think, is pretty high.
Danny: Saul, are you sure you're ready to do this?
Saul: If you ever ask me that question again Daniel, you will not wake up the following morning.
Danny: He's ready.
Saul: I have a question, say we get into the cage, and through the security doors there and down the elevator we can't move, and past the guards with the guns, and into the vault we can't open...
Rusty: Without being seen by the cameras.
Danny: Oh yeah, sorry, I forgot to mention that.
Saul: Yeah well, say we do all that... uh... we're just supposed to walk out of there with $150,000,000 in cash on us, without getting stopped?
Danny: Yeah.
Saul: Oh. Okay.
Frank: They might as well call it whitejack!
Virgil Malloy: Are you a man?
Turk Malloy: Yes, nineteen.
Virgil Malloy: Are you alive?
Turk Malloy: Yes, eighteen.
Virgil Malloy: Evel Knievel.
Turk Malloy: ...shit.
Turk Malloy: I'm gonna get out of the car and I'm gonna drop you like third-period French.
Rusty: I hope you were the Groom.
Danny: Ted Nugent called, he wants his shirt back.
Danny: Now, they tell me I paid my debt to society.
Tess: Funny, I never got a check.
Rusty: God, I'm bored!
Danny: You look bored.
Rusty: I am bored!
Rusty: How was the clink? You get the cookies I sent?
Danny: Why do you think I came to see you first?
Saul: Tess is with Benedict now? She's too tall for him!
Bartender: How's the game going?
Rusty: Longest hour of my life.
Bartender: What?
Rusty: I'm running away with your wife.
Bartender: Great!
Tess: You're a thief and a liar.
Danny: I only lied about being a thief, I don't do that anymore.
Tess: Steal?
Danny: Lie.
Tess: I'm with someone who doesn't have to make that kind of distinction.
Danny: No, he's very clear on both.
Danny: You gotta walk before you crawl.
Rusty: Reverse that.
Terry: All right, you proved your point. You broke into my vault. Congratulations, you're a dead man.
Reuben: Give Dominic your addresses, I got some remaindered furniture I want to send you. Look, just out of curiosity, which three casinos did you geniuses decide to rob?
Rusty: The Bellagio...
Danny: The Bellagio, the Mirage, and the MGM Grand.
Reuben: Those are Terry Benedict's casinos.
Danny: Is that right?
Rusty: That's right.
Reuben: You guys, what do you got against Terry Benedict?
Rusty: What do you have against him, that's the question?
Reuben: He torpedoed my casino, muscled me out. Now he's gonna blow it up next week to make way for some gaudy monstrosity. Don't think I don't know what you're doing.
Rusty: What are we doing, Reuben?
Reuben: If you're gonna steal from Terry Benedict, you'd better goddamn *know*. This sort of thing used to be civilized. You'd hit a guy, he'd whack you, done. But with Benedict... at the end of this, he'd *better* not know you're involved, not know your names or think you're dead, because he'll kill ya, and *then* he'll go to work on ya.
Danny: That's why we're going to have to be very careful. Very precise.
Rusty: Mmm, well-funded.
Reuben: Yeah. Ya gotta be *nuts*, too. And you're gonna need a crew as *nuts* as you are!
Reuben: So who've you got in mind?
Basher: So, unless we intend to do this job in Reno, we're in barney.
Basher: Barney Rubble.
Basher: Trouble!
Danny: Hi!
Tess: Hi. We need to get Rusty a girl.
Rusty: There's a women's prison down the road.
Danny: You said that you sold this.
Tess: I said that.
Danny: Liar.
Tess: Thief.
Rusty: Tell me this is not about her, or I am walking. I am walking off this job right now.
Danny: Who?
Rusty: Tess. Terry Benedict. Tell me this is not about screwing the guy who's screwing your wife.
Danny: Ex-wife.
Rusty: Tell me.
Danny: It's not about that.
Danny: It's not entirely about that.
Danny: Russ, do you remember what we said back when we first got into this business. We said we were gonna play the game...
Rusty, Danny: Like we had nothing to lose.
Danny: Well, I lost something... I lost someone. That's why I'm here.
Rusty: Okay, here's the problem. We're stealing two things. And when push comes to shove, and you can't have both, which are you gonna choose? And remember - Tess does not split eleven ways!
Yen: Where the fuck you been?
Rusty: You'd need at least a dozen guys doing a combination of cons.
Danny: Like what, do you think?
Rusty: Off the top of my head, I'd say you're looking at a Boeski, a Jim Brown, a Miss Daisy, two Jethros and a Leon Spinks, not to mention the biggest Ella Fitzgerald ever.
Reuben: You guys are pros. The best. I'm sure you can make it out of the casino. Of course, lest we forget, once you're out the front door, you're still in the middle of the fucking desert!
Tess: Danny was walking through the restaurant when he spotted me.
Terry: Is that right?
Danny: Yeah, imagine the odds.
Terry: Of all the gin joints in all the world.
Danny: Phil Turenteen...
Rusty: Dead.
Danny: No shit. On the job?
Rusty: Skin cancer.
Danny: Did you send flowers?
Rusty: Dated his wife for a while.
Linus: Did you check the batteries?
Linus: You know, you lose focus in this game for one second...
Danny: I know, somebody gets hurt. You don't hear Yen complaining.
Rusty: I'm sorry. He's gone.
Virgil Malloy: Man, I told you to run.
Turk Malloy: Don't do that.
Virgil Malloy: What, I didn't tell you to run?
Danny: It's never been tried.
Reuben: Ho, ho... "It's never been tried." It's been tried. A few guys even came close. You know the three most successful robberies in the history of Vegas?
Reuben: Number three, the Bronze Medal - pencil-neck grabs a lockbox at the Horseshoe...
Reuben: He got two steps closer to the door than any living soul before him.
Reuben: Second most successful robbery...
Reuben: The Flamingo in '71. This guy actually tasted fresh oxygen before they grabbed him.
Reuben: Of course, he was breathing out of a hose for the next three weeks. Goddamn hippy.
Reuben: And the *closest* any man has ever come to robbing a Las Vegas casino...
Reuben: Was outside of Caesar's in '87. He came, he grabbed...
Reuben: They conquered.
Reuben: I know more about casino security than any man alive, I invented it, and it cannot be beaten. They got cameras, they got locks, they got watchers, they got timers, they got vaults, they got enough armed personnel to occupy Paris!
Reuben: Okay, bad example.
Turk Malloy: Ten says he shorts it.
Frank, Livingston, Saul: Twenty!
Danny: Tess, you're doing a great job curating the museum, the Vermeer is quite good, simple, vibrant, but his work definitely fell off as he got older.
Tess: Remind you of anyone?
Danny: And I always confuse Monet and Manet. Now which one married his mistress?
Tess: Monet.
Danny: Right, and then Manet had syphilis.
Tess: They also painted occasionally.
Rusty: Hey, Bash.
Basher: Hey, Russ.
Rusty: How fast can you put something together from what I just slipped you?
Basher: It's done.
Basher: Hey, is Danny about?
Rusty: Yeah, he's waiting around the corner.
Basher: Oh, that's terrific! It will be nice working with proper villains again.
Rusty: Everybody down, now!
Basher: Ha-ha-ha! They weren't expecting that shit!
Rusty: Nice work.
Basher: Oh, thank you.
Terry: I know everything that's happening in my hotels.
Danny: So I should put the towels back?
Terry: No, the towels you can keep.
Linus: Smash and grab job, huh?
Rusty: Slightly more complicated than that.
Linus: Well, yeah.
Parole Board Member #1: Mr Ocean, the purpose of this hearing is to determine, whether, if released, you are likely to break the law again. While this was your first conviction, you have been implicated, though never charged, in over a dozen other confidence tricks and frauds. What can you tell us about those?
Danny: As you say, ma'am, I was never charged.
Parole Board Member #2: Mr Ocean, what we're trying to find out is was there a reason you chose to commit this crime, or was there a reason you simply got caught this time.
Danny: My wife left me. I was upset. I fell into a self-destructive pattern.
Parole Board Member #3: If released, is it likely you'd fall back into a similar pattern?
Danny: She already left me once. I don't think she'd do it again just for kicks.
Reuben: You're Bobby Caldwell's kid. From Chicago. It's nice there, do you like it?
Linus: Yeah.
Reuben: That's wonderful. Get in the goddamn house.
Reuben: What? Did you guys get a group rate or something?
Rusty: Amazing. You okay? You want something to read, a magazine or something?
Rusty: Okay.
Saul: I saw you at the paddock... before the second race, outside the men's room when I placed my bet. I saw you before you even got up this morning.
Rusty: How you been, Saul?
Saul: Never better.
Rusty: What's with the orange?
Saul: My doctor says I need vitamins.
Rusty: So why don't you take vitamins?
Saul: You come here to give me a physical?
Danny: Why do they always paint hallways that color?
Rusty: They say taupe is very soothing.
Danny: Second task, power - on the night of the fight, we're gonna throw the switch on Sin City. Basher, it's your show.
Basher: You want broke, blind, or bedlam?
Danny: How about all three?
Basher: Right, it's done.
Virgil Malloy: Leaving at 10:44.
Turk Malloy: 10:46, get a watch that works.
Topher Grace: Hey, Rus, let me ask you a question. Are you incorporated? Well, if not, you should really think about it, 'cause I was talking to my manager...
Rusty: Bernie?
Topher Grace: No, not Bernie, my business manager. You know what? They're both named Bernie. Anyway, he was saying that because what we do here is kind of like research for a future, like, gig or whatever, I can totally make it a tax write-off. The only thing is I'd have to pay you by check.
Topher Grace: Or we could stick to cash.
Topher Grace: You know what? Yeah, let's just stick to cash.
Danny: We'll need Saul.
Rusty: He won't do it. He got out of the game a year ago.
Danny: Get religion?
Rusty: Ulcers.
Danny: ...You could ask him.
Rusty: Hey, I could ask him.
Danny: Livingston, we're set.
Rusty: Livingston, we're set.
Livingston: Basher, we're set.
Basher: Hang on a minute chief.
Livingston: We don't have a minute, Yen's gonna suffocate.
Basher: Well, then you'd better leave off bothering me, don't you think?
Topher Grace: Mr Ocean, what do you do for a living? If you don't mind me asking.
Danny: Why would I mind you asking? Two cards. I just got out of prison.
Topher Grace: Really?
Joshua Jackson: Well, why were you in prison?
Danny: I stole things.
Shane West: You stole things? Like jewels?
Rusty: Incan matrimonial headmasks.
Shane West: Any money in those? Incan matrimonial...
Danny: Headmasks. There's some.
Rusty: Don't let him fool you, there's boatloads. If you can move them. I'll take one. But you can't.
Danny: My fence seemed confident enough.
Rusty: Dealing in cash, you don't need a fence.
Danny: Some people lack vision.
Rusty: Probably everybody in cell block E.
Saul: That is the sexiest thing I have ever seen!
Basher: Hang on a minute, hang on... we could use a pinch.
Danny: What's a "pinch"?
Basher: A pinch is a device which creates, like, a cardiac arrest for any broadband electrical circuitry. Better yet, a pinch is a bomb - now, but without the bomb. See, when a nuclear weapon detonates, it unleashes an electromagnetic pulse which shuts down any power source within its blast radius. Now that tends not to matter in most cases, because the nuclear weapon usually destroys anything you might need power for anyway. But see, a pinch creates a similar electromagnetic pulse, but without the fuss of mass destruction and death. So instead of Hiroshima, you'd be getting the seventeenth century.
Rusty: Saul, you're the best there is. You're in Cooperstown. What do you want?
Saul: Nothing. I've got a duplex now, wall-to-wall, goldfish. I'm seeing a nice lady who works the "Unmentionables" counter at Macy's. I've changed.
Rusty: Guys like us don't change, Saul. We either stay sharp or we get sloppy, we don't change.
FBI Man #2: Let's see if we can zoom in on that guy...
FBI Man #1: Yeah.
Livingston: Don't - don't - d-don't... Don't touch that.
FBI Man #1: Why not?
Livingston: Uh, do you see me grabbing the gun out of your holster and just waving it around?
Rusty: Saul, turn that off, will you?
Saul: I'll turn it off when I'm ready to...
Rusty: Saul!
Saul: It's off, it's off!
Linus: Apparently, he's got a record longer than my... well, it's long.
Tess: You of all people should know, Terry, in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
Rusty: Wonder what Rueben'll say.
Reuben: You're outta your goddamn minds!
Danny: What are you doing?
Linus: I'm coming with you.
Danny: No.
Linus: What? Oh, no, no...
Linus: Don't leave me with these guys!
Reuben: Where are they?
Saul: They will be here.
Reuben: They will be here. Schmuck.
Danny: Hello Linus. Whose is this?
Linus: Who are you?
Danny: A friend of Bobby Caldwell's.
Danny: You're either in or you're out. Right now.
Linus: What is it?
Danny: It's a plane ticket. A job offer.
Linus: You're pretty trusting pretty fast.
Danny: Well Bobby has a lot of faith in you.
Linus: Fathers are like that.
Virgil Malloy: Shouldn't someone help him?
Basher: Oh, that's a good idea, Rabbit. Let's hop out of the van and we can all get nicked!
Frank: You have lovely hands. Do you moisturize?
Billy Tim Denham: I'm sorry?
Frank: You know, I've tried all sorts of moisturizers. I even went fragrance-free for a whole year. Now my sister, she uses some kind of uh... uh... uh... uh... aloe vera with a little sunscreen in it, and ideally, we should all wear gloves when going to bed, but I found out that that creates a kind of an interference with my... "social agenda", you know what I mean.
Basher: All right chaps. Hang on to your knickers.
Basher: Oh leave it out! You tossers! You had one job to do!
Terry: All right. Now I have complied with your every request, would you agree?
Rusty: I would.
Terry: Good, 'cause now I have one of my own. Run and hide, asshole. Run and hide. If you should be picked up next week buying a hundred-thousand dollar sports car in Newport Beach, I am going to be supremely disappointed. Because I want my people to find you, and when they do, rest assured we are not going to hand you over to the police. So my advice to you again is this: run and hide. That is all that I ask.
Rusty: Barry, your turn.
Barry Watson: Uh... four.
Rusty: You don't want four. You want to fold.
Barry Watson: I do? Is that a good thing?
Rusty: You're done.
Tess: Do you remember what I said when we met?
Danny: You said I'd better know what I'm doing.
Tess: And do you? Because you should walk out that door if you don't.
Danny: I know what I'm doing.
Terry: What are you doing?
Linus: The last guy they caught cheating in here? Benedict not only sent him up for 10 years, he had the bank seize his house and then he bankrupted...
Rusty, Linus: -his brother-in-law's tractor dealership.
Rusty: Yeah, I heard.
Turk Malloy: Saul, do you get out to Utah much?
Saul: Not as often as I'd like.
Turk Malloy: Check it out. I think you'd dig Provo. You could do well there.
Saul: I'll look into it.
Hotel Security: Hi!
Livingston: Fine, thank you.
Tess: Wait! Wait! Wait. Wait, that's my husband. That's my husband.
Tess: Danny...
Danny: Tess, I told you... I knew what I was doing.
Tess: I didn't.
Tess: How long will you be?
Danny: ...Three to six months, I guess.
Danny: You remember the day I went out for cigarettes and didn't come back? You must have noticed.
Tess: I don't smoke. Don't sit!
Rusty: Did someone call for a doctor?
Terry: Who the hell is this?
Rusty: The man who's robbing you!
Basher: That poxy demo crew haven't used a coaxial feed to batten the main line, have they? Instead they've gone and nosed up the backup grid, nosed it right up!
Reuben: Do you understand any of this?
Livingston: I'll explain later.
Livingston: The moment you set foot on that casino floor, they'll be watching you like hawks. Hawks with video cameras.
Topher Grace: Fellas! Fellas! Check this... all... red!
Danny: How's your wife?
Bruiser: Pregnant again.
Danny: Well, that happens.
Linus: This is the best part of my day.
Rusty: Shane, you've got three pairs. You can't have six cards! You can't have six cards in a five-card game!
Shane West: Hit me.
Rusty: It's not blackjack.
Danny: All right.
Danny: Ahh! Jesus, Bruiser, not until later!
Bruiser: Sorry Danny, I forgot.
Danny: It's all right.
Frank: Ten says he shorts it.
Livingston: No bet.
Danny: I'm not joking, Tess.
Tess: I'm not laughing, Danny.
Explosives Cop: That's all you used in the event, nothin' else?
Basher: Hang on, are you accusing me of boobytrapping?
Explosives Cop: Well, how about it?
Rusty: Booby traps aren't Mr. Tarr's style. Isn't that right, "Basher"?
Rusty: Peck, ATF. Let me venture a guess, simple g form mainliner, backwound, quick fuse with a drag under 20 feet? Yeah... let me ask you something else: did you search this scumbag for booby traps, on his person? I mean really search, not just for weapons?
Rusty: Stand back.
Basher: Oy. Here we go.
Rusty: Go find Griggs, tell him I need to see him.
Explosives Cop: Who?
Rusty: Just find him, will ya?
Danny: The Nevada Gaming Commission stipulates that a casino must hold and reserve enough cash to cover every chip that's played on its floor. That means on a weekday, by law, it has to carry anywhere between sixty to seventy million dollars in cash and coin; on the weekend it has to carry anywhere between eighty and ninety million; on a fight night, like the one in two weeks from tonight, the night we're going to rob it, one hundred and fifty million. Without breaking a sweat, there's eleven of us, each with an equal share, you do the math.
Danny: First task: reconnaissance. I want to know everything that's going on in all three casinos, the rotation of the dealers, the path of every cash cart, I want to know about everything about every guard and every watcher, anyone with a security pass, I want to know where they're from, what their nicknames are, how they take their coffee, most of all, I want you guys to know these casinos, they're built to keep people in, I want you guys to know the quick routes out. Third task, surveillance: Casino security has an eye and ear on everyone, so we want an eye and ear on them.
Woman's Voice: Good Morning.
Danny: Morning.
Woman's Voice: Please state your name for the record.
Danny: Daniel Ocean.
Parole Board Member #1: Good morning.
Danny: Morning.
Parole Board Member #1: Please state your name for the record.
Danny: Daniel Ocean.
Parole Board Member #1: Thank you. Mr. Ocean, the purpose of this hearing is to determine whether, if released, you are likely to break the law again.
Rusty: The Bellagio and the Mirage. These are Terry Benedict's places.
Danny: Yes they are. You think he'll mind?
Rusty: More than somewhat.
Basher: Window or aisle, boys? Yeah, we're in deep shit!
Terry: Well, then inform Mr. Levin that he'll be better off watching the fight in front of his television at home... Surely *he* must have HBO.
Tess: You're thirty seconds late, I was going to send out a search...
Danny: Hey Benedict, how's the other fight going?
Terry: Did you have a hand in this?
Danny: Did my hand in what?
Terry: I'm going to ask you one more time: Did you have a hand in this?
Danny: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Danny: What if I told you I could get you your money back, would you give up Tess? What would you say?
Terry: I would say yes.
Basher: You stupid bastard!
Basher: Where we at, boys?
Livingston: Pins and floor sensors now.
Basher: Blinder.     