
Jim Gordon: I never cared who you were...
Batman: And you were right.
Jim Gordon: ...but shouldn't the people know the hero whot saved them?
Batman: A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
Jim Gordon: Bruce Wayne?
Bane: Peace has cost you your strength! Victory has defeated you!
Jim Gordon: I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss. I see the lives for which I lay down my life, peaceful, useful, prosperous and happy. I see that I hold a sanctuary in their hearts, and in the hearts of their descendants, generations hence. It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to, than I have ever known.
Blind Prisoner: You do not fear death. You think this makes you strong. It makes you weak.
Bruce Wayne: Why?
Blind Prisoner: How can you move faster than possible, fight longer than possible without the most powerful impulse of the spirit: the fear of death.
Bruce Wayne: I do fear death. I fear dying in here, while my city burns, and there's no one there to save it.
Blind Prisoner: Then make the climb.
Bruce Wayne: How?
Blind Prisoner: As the child did. Without the rope. Then fear will find you again.
Bruce Wayne: Why didn't you just... kill me?
Bane: You don't fear death... You welcome it. Your punishment must be more severe.
Bruce Wayne: Torture?
Bane: Yes. But not of your body... Of your soul.
Bruce Wayne: Where am I?
Bane: Home, where I learned the truth about despair, as will you. There's a reason why this prison is the worst hell on earth... Hope. Every man who has ventured here over the centuries has looked up to the light and imagined climbing to freedom. So easy... So simple... And like shipwrecked men turning to sea water from uncontrollable thirst, many have died trying. I learned here that there can be no true despair without hope. So, as I terrorize Gotham, I will feed its people hope to poison their souls. I will let them believe they can survive so that you can watch them clamoring over each other to "stay in the sun." You can watch me torture an entire city and when you have truly understood the depth of your failure, we will fulfill Ra's al Ghul's destiny... We will destroy Gotham and then, when it is done and Gotham is ashes, then you have my permission to die
Bane: Theatricality and deception are powerful agents to the uninitiated... but we are initiated, aren't we Bruce? Members of the League of Shadows!
Bane: And you betrayed us!
Batman: You were excommunicated... by a gang of psychopaths!
Bane: I AM the League of Shadows, and I'm here to fulfill Ra's al Ghul's destiny!
Bane: You fight like a younger man, with nothing held back. Admirable but mistaken.
Bane: Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, moulded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but BLINDING!
Bane: The shadows betray you, because they belong to me!
Bane: I will show you where I have made my home while preparing to bring justice. Then I will break you.
Bane: Your precious armory, gratefully accepted! We will need it.
Bane: Ah, yes... I was wondering what would break first...
Bane: Your spirit, or your body?
Crowd: Deshi basara! Deshi basara!
Bruce Wayne: What does that mean?
Prisoner: Rise.
Selina Kyle: There's a storm coming, Mr. Wayne. You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because when it hits, you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could live so large and leave so little for the rest of us.
Bruce Wayne: You sound like you're looking forward to it.
Selina Kyle: I'm adaptable.
CIA Agent: The flight plan I just filed with the agency lists me, my men, Dr. Pavel here but only one of you! First one to talk gets to stay on my aircraft!
CIA Agent: Who paid you to grab Dr. Pavel?
CIA Agent: He didn't fly so good!
CIA Agent: Who wants to try next?
CIA Agent: Tell me about Bane! Why does he wear the mask? A lot of loyalty, for a hired gun!
Bane: Or perhaps he's wondering why someone would shoot a man, before throwing him out of a plane?
CIA Agent: At least you can talk. Who are you?
Bane: It doesn't matter who we are, what matters is our plan.
Bane: No one cared who I was until I put on the mask.
CIA Agent: If I pull that off, would you die?
Bane: It would be extremely painful.
CIA Agent: You're a big guy!
Bane: For you.
CIA Agent: Was getting caught part of your plan?
Bane: Of course... Dr. Pavel refused our offer in favor of yours, we had to find out what he told you.
Dr. Pavel: Nothing! I said nothing!
CIA Agent: Well, congratulations! You got yourself caught! Now what's the next step in your master plan?
Bane: Crashing this plane... with no survivors!
Catwoman: My mother warned me about getting into cars with strange men.
Batman: This isn't a car.
Bruce Wayne: I watched you die.
Ra's al Ghul: I told you I was immortal.
Bane: Calm down, Doctor! Now's not the time for fear. That comes later.
Bruce Wayne: Must've lost my ticket.
Valet Attendant: Your wife said you were taking a cab home.
Bruce Wayne: My wife?
Bane: We take Gotham from the corrupt! The rich! The oppressors of generations who have kept you down with myths of opportunity, and we give it back to you... the people. Gotham is yours. None shall interfere. Do as you please. Start by storming Blackgate, and freeing the oppressed! Step forward those who would serve. For and army will be raised. The powerful will be ripped from their decadent nests, and cast out into the cold world that we know and endure. Courts will be convened. Spoils will be enjoyed. Blood will be shed. The police will survive, as they learn to serve true justice. This great city... it will endure. Gotham will survive!
Catwoman: I blow that tunnel open, I'm gone.
Batman: There's more to you than that.
Catwoman: Sorry I keep letting you down.
Catwoman: Come with me. Save yourself. You don't owe these people any more. You've given them everything.
Batman: Not everything. Not yet.
Bane: Speak of the devil and he shall appear.
Bane: Behind you is a symbol of oppression. Blackgate Prison, where a thousand men have languished under the name of this man,
Bane: Harvey Dent, who has been held up to you as the shining example of justice!
John Blake: Commissioner, we need to keep you moving until we can get you in front of a camera.
Bane: You have been supplied with a false idol to stop you from tearing down this CORRUPT CITY! Let me tell you the truth about Harvey Dent from the words of Gotham's police commissioner, James Gordon.
Bane: "The Batman didn't murder Harvey Dent, he saved my boy then took the blame for Harvey's appalling crimes so that I could, to my shame, build a lie around this fallen idol. I praised the mad man who tried to murder my own child but I can no longer live with my lie. It is time to trust the people of Gotham with the truth and it is time for me to resign."
Bane: And do you accept this man's resignation? Do you accept the resignation of all these liars? Of all the CORRUPT?
John Blake: Those men locked up for eight years in Blackgate, and denied parole under the Dent Act, based on a lie?
Jim Gordon: Gotham needed a hero...
John Blake: It needs it now more than ever. You betrayed everything you stood for.
Jim Gordon: There's a point, far out there when the structures fail you, and the rules aren't weapons anymore, they're... shackles letting the bad guy get ahead. One day... you may face such a moment of crisis. And in that moment, I hope you have a friend like I did, to plunge their hands into the filth so that you can keep yours clean!
John Blake: Your hands look plenty filthy to me, Commissioner.
Bane: What a lovely, lovely voice.
Bane: Let the games begin!
John Blake: Bane? What do you know about him?
Selina Kyle: That you should be as afraid of him as I am.
Batman: Tell me where the trigger is. Then... you have my permission to die!
Catwoman: I had no choice. I needed a way to keep them from killing me.
Batman: You just made a serious mistake.
Bane: Not as serious as yours, I fear...
Batman: Bane
Bane: Let us not stand on ceremony, Mr. Wayne.
John Daggett: What. The hell. Is going on?
Bane: Our plan is proceeding as expected.
John Daggett: Oh really? Do *I* look like I'm running Wayne Enterprises right now? Your hit, on the stock exchange, it didn't work, my friend! And now you have my construction crews going around the city at 24 hours a day! How exactly is that supposed to help my company absorb Wayne's?
Bane: Leave us!
John Daggett: No! You stay here, I'm in charge!
Bane: Do you *feel* in charge?
John Daggett: I paid you a small fortune.
Bane: And this gives you *power* over me?
John Daggett: What is this?
Bane: Your money and infrastructure have been important... 'til now!
John Daggett: What are you?
Bane: I'm Gotham's reckoning. Here to end the borrowed time you've all been living on!
John Daggett: You're pure evil!
Bane: I'm *necessary* evil!
Doctor: I've seen worse cartilage in knees.
Bruce Wayne: That's good.
Doctor: No, that's because there is NO cartilage in your knee, and not much of any use in your elbows or your shoulders. Between that and the scar tissue on your kidneys, the residual concussive damage to your brain tissue, and the general scarred-over quality of your body, I cannot recommend that you go heliskiing, Mr. Wayne
Bruce Wayne: Right.
John Blake: I just can't take it. I mean, nobody will ever know who it was who saved an entire city.
Jim Gordon: They know who it was; it was the Batman.
Lucius Fox: This conversation used to end with an unusual request.
Bruce Wayne: I'm retired.
Lucius Fox: Well let me show you some stuff anyway. Just for old time's sake.
Catwoman: See you around.
Batman: You're welcome.
Catwoman: I had it under control.
Batman: Those weren't street thugs, they were trained killers. I saved your life. In return I need to know what you did with Bruce Wayne's fingerprints.
Catwoman: Wayne wasn't kidding about a "powerful friend".
Catwoman: I sold his prints to Daggett. For something that doesn't even exist.
Batman: I doubt many people get the better of you.
Catwoman: Hey, when a girl's desperate.
Batman: What's he gonna to do with them?
Catwoman: I don't know. But Daggett seemed pretty interested in that mess at the stock market.
Batman: Miss Kyle?
Batman: So that's what that feels like...
Bane: I broke you. How have you come back?
Batman: You think you're the only one who can find the strength to escape? Where's the trigger?
Bane: But I never escaped.
Batman: But the child... the child of Ra's al Ghul made the climb.
Miranda Tate: But he's not the child of Ra's al Ghul
Miranda Tate: I am. And though I'm not ordinary, I am a citizen.
Batman: Miranda... why?
Miranda Tate: Talia. My mother named me Talia before she was killed, the way I would've been killed if not for my protector: Bane.
John Blake: You made some mistakes, Miss Kyle.
Selina Kyle: A girl's gotta eat.
John Blake: Well, you got quite an appetite.
Lucius Fox: It has a long uninteresting name. I just took to calling it... The Bat, and yes, Mr. Wayne, it does come in black.
Lucius Fox: I like your new girlfriend!
Catwoman: He should be so lucky.
Catwoman: You could have gone anywhere, but you came back.
Batman: So did you.
Catwoman: Well then I guess we're both suckers.
Sewer Thug #1: It's the police commissioner.
Bane: And you brought him down here?
Sewer Thug #1: We didn't know what to do.
Bane: You panicked, and your weakness has cost the lives of three others.
Sewer Thug #1: No he's alone...
Bane: Search him, then I will kill you.
Sewer Thug #2: He's dead.
Bane: So show me his body.
Sewer Thug #2: The water runs to any one of the outflows. We'll never find him.
Bane: Follow him!
Sewer Thug #2: Follow him?
Bane: We both know that I now have to kill you. You'll just have to imagine the fire!
John Blake: I don't know why you took the fall for Dent's murder, but I'm still a believer in the Batman.
Bane: Gotham, take control! Take control of your city. This... this is the instrument of your liberation!
Bane: Identify yourself to the world.
Dr. Pavel: Dr. Leonid Pavel, nuclear physicist.
Bane: And what... what is this?
Dr. Pavel: It's a... fully primed neutron bomb, with a blast radius of six miles.
Bane: And who is capable of disarming such a device?
Dr. Pavel: Only me.
Bane: Only you. Thank you, doctor.
Bane: Now, this bomb is armed! This bomb is mobile! And the identity of the triggerman is a mystery. For one of you holds the detonator! And we came here not as conquerors, but as liberators to return control of this city to the people. And at the first sign of interference from the outside world, or for those people attempting to flee, this anonymous Gothamite - this unsung hero - will trigger the bomb. For now, martial law is in effect. Return to your homes, hold your families close, and wait. Tomorrow you claim what is rightfully yours.
Ra's al Ghul: You, yourself fought the decadence of Gotham for years with all your strength, all your resources, all your moral authority and the only victory you achieved was a lie. Now you understand Gotham is beyond saving and must be allowed to die.
Jim Gordon: No lawyer, no witnesses? What sort of due process is this?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Your guilt has been determined. This is merely a sentencing hearing. Now, what will it be? Death or Exile?
Jim Gordon: Crane, if you think we're going to walk out on that ice willingly, you got another thing coming!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: So it's death then?
Jim Gordon: Looks that way.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Very well. Death!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: By exile!
Batman: This blocks the remote detonator signal to the bomb. Get it onto it before sunrise. They might hit the button when it starts.
Jim Gordon: When what starts?
Batman: War.
John Blake: I showed your picture to the Congressman. Guess what?
Selina Kyle: Don't tell me, still in love?
John Blake: Oh, head over heels. Pressing charges, though.
Gangbanger: You steal from us, you little bastard?
Selina Kyle: You boys know you can't come into my neighborhood without asking politely.
Selina Kyle: Never steal anything from someone you can't outrun, kid.
Bruce Wayne: Pretty generous, for a thief.
Selina Kyle: I thought they killed you.
Bruce Wayne: Not yet.
Selina Kyle: If you're expecting an apology...
Bruce Wayne: It wouldn't suit you.
Jim Gordon: We were in this together, and then you were gone.
Bruce Wayne: The Batman wasn't needed anymore. We won.
Jim Gordon: Based on a lie. Now this evil... rises from where we tried to bury it. The Batman has to come back.
Bruce Wayne: What if he doesn't exist any more?
Jim Gordon: He must... he must...
Bruce Wayne: I'm not afraid. I'm angry.
Captain Jones: I'll die before I talk.
Bane: I'm on your schedule, captain.
Deputy Commissioner Peter Foley: I'm not risking my men for your money.
Exchange Security Chief: It's not our money, it's everybody's!
Allen: Really? Mine's in my mattress.
Hooded Man #2: Have we started the fire?
Bane: Yes. The fire rises.
Catwoman: He's behind you.
Mercenary: Who?
Batman: Me.
Bruce Wayne: Mind if I cut in?
Bruce Wayne: Oh, you don't seem happy to see me.
Selina Kyle: You were supposed to be a shut-in.
Bruce Wayne: I felt like some fresh air.
Selina Kyle: Why didn't you call the police?
Bruce Wayne: I have a powerful friend who deals with things like this.
Bruce Wayne: That's a brazen costume for a cat burglar.
Selina Kyle: Yeah? Who are you pretending to be?
Bruce Wayne: Bruce Wayne, eccentric billionaire. Who's your date?
Selina Kyle: His wife's in Ibiza. She left her diamonds behind, though. Worried they might get stolen.
Bruce Wayne: Mm. It's pronounced Ibeetha. You wouldn't want any of these folks realizing you're a crook, not a social climber.
Selina Kyle: You think I care what anyone in this room thinks of me?
Bruce Wayne: I doubt you care what anyone in any room thinks of you.
Selina Kyle: Don't condescend, Mr. Wayne. You don't know a thing about me.
Bruce Wayne: Well, Selina Kyle, I know you came here from your walk-up in Old Town, a modest place for a master jewel thief. Which means that either you're saving for retirement, or you're in deep with the wrong people.
Selina Kyle: You don't get to judge me just because you were born in the master bedroom of Wayne Manor.
Bruce Wayne: Actually, I was born in the Regency Room.
Selina Kyle: I started out doing what I had to. Once you've done what you had to, they'll never let you do what you want to.
Bruce Wayne: Start fresh.
Selina Kyle: There's no fresh start in today's world. Any twelve-year-old with a cell phone could find out what you did. Everything we do is collated and quantified. Everything sticks.
Bruce Wayne: Is that how you justify stealing?
Selina Kyle: I take what I need to from those who have more than enough. I don't stand on the shoulders of people with less.
Bruce Wayne: Robin Hood?
Selina Kyle: I think I do more to help someone than most of the people in this room. Than you.
Bruce Wayne: I think maybe you're assuming a little too much.
Selina Kyle: Maybe you're being unrealistic about what's really in your pants other than your wallet.
Bruce Wayne: Ouch.
Phillip Stryver: Do those heels make it hard to walk?
Catwoman: I don't know, do they?
Alfred: Don't worry, Master Wayne. It takes a little time to get back into the swing of things.
John Daggett: Can we get some ladies in here?
Catwoman: Careful what you wish for.
Catwoman: What's the matter, Cat got your tongue?
John Daggett: You dumb bitch.
Catwoman: Nobody ever accused me of being dumb!
John Daggett: You're dumb; for coming here.
Catwoman: I want what you owe me!
Bane: So, you came back to die with your city.
Batman: No. I came back to stop you.
Alfred: You are as precious to me as you were to your own mother and father. I swore to them that I would protect you, and I haven't.
Bruce Wayne: I need you to get me back in the game.
Catwoman: About the whole no guns thing... I'm not sure I feel as strongly about it as you do.
Catwoman: Stay back!
Catwoman: I'm not bluffing!
Batman: They know! They just don't care.
Thomas Wayne: Bruce, why do we fall?
Catwoman: You've gotta be kidding me!
Batman: No guns, no killing.
Catwoman: Where's the fun in that?
John Blake: When I spotted you, I was looking for a friend of mine, Bruce Wayne. Did they kill him?
Selina Kyle: I'm not sure.
Miranda Tate: Suffering builds character.
Alfred Pennyworth: Is it really painful?
Bruce Wayne: Well, you're welcome to try it, Alfred.
Alfred Pennyworth: Happy watching, thank you, sir.
Selina Kyle: Keep some pressure on that, darling.
Congressman: Call me.
Bane: Why are you here?
Sewer Thug #1: Answer him!
Bane: I was asking you.
Jim Gordon: Can I change your mind about quitting the force?
John Blake: You were right, about the structures becoming shackles.
Miranda Tate: Bruce Wayne at a charity ball?
Bruce Wayne: Miss Tate, isn't it?
Miranda Tate: Even before you became a recluse, you never came to these things.
Bruce Wayne: Proceeds go to the big fat spread. It's not about charity, it's about feeding the ego of whichever society hag laid this on.
Miranda Tate: Actually, this is my party, Mr. Wayne.
Bruce Wayne: Oh.
Miranda Tate: And the proceeds will go where they should, because I paid for the big fat spread myself.
Bruce Wayne: That's very generous of you.
Miranda Tate: You have to invest to restore balance to the world. Take our clean-energy project.
Bruce Wayne: Sometimes the investment doesn't pay off. I'm sorry.
Miranda Tate: You have a practiced apathy, Mr. Wayne. But a man who doesn't care about the world doesn't spend half his fortune on a plan to save it. And isn't so wounded when it fails that he goes into hiding. Have a good evening, Mr. Wayne.
Jim Gordon: I knew Harvey Dent. I was his friend. And it will be a very long time before someone... inspires us the way he did. I believed in Harvey Dent.
John Blake: Hey! Hey!
John Blake: That was you in front of the Stock Exchange, wasn't it?
Cement Truck Driver: When?
John Blake: "When?" When half the city's cops were trying to pull onto Castle Street and your truck shut them out.
Cement Truck Driver: Oh yeah. You're that cop.
John Blake: Detective, now. And uh... as a detective, we're not allowed to believe in coincidences.
John Blake: What are you doing here? What are you working on?
John Blake: Commissioner, it's Blake. I got two dead witnesses and a lot of questions. Call me when...
John Blake: Wait a minute. There are four barrels of Polyisobutylene. That looks like motor oil right next to it. Jesus! They're not making cement, they're making explosives!
Phillip Stryver: There's been a mistake! Take... take me to Bane! I wanna see Bane!
Phillip Stryver: Where is Bane?
Dr. Jonathan Crane: There's been no mistake, Mr. Stryver.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: You are Philip Stryver, executive vice-president of Daggett Industries? Who for years has been living off the blood and sweat of people less powerful than him?
Phillip Stryver: Call Bane. I'm... I am one of you!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Bane has no authority here. This is merely a sentencing hearing. Now, the choice is yours. Exile or death!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Quiet!
Phillip Stryver: Ex... exile.
Dr. Jonathan Crane: Sold!
Dr. Jonathan Crane: To the man in the cold sweat!
Huge Inmate: Follow the thick ice. Try to swim - you're dead in minutes.
Phillip Stryver: Has anyone made it?
Blind Prisoner: Deshi basara! Deshi basara!
Selina Kyle: Look, you wouldn't beat up a woman any more than I would beat up a cripple.
Selina Kyle: Of course, sometimes exceptions have to be made.
Veteran Cop: Oh, boy, you are in for a show tonight, son.
Selina Kyle: Can I have a ride?
Congressman: You read my mind.
Trader #2: You can't short the stock because Bruce Wayne goes to a party.
Trader #1: Wayne coming back is change. Change is either good or bad. I pick bad.
Trader #2: On what basis?
Trader #1: I flipped a coin.
Lucius Fox: I still don't see the need for a board meeting for the energy project.
Miranda Tate: Bruce got a lot of things right. Keeping the board in the dark wasn't one of them.
Bane: How good of you to join us, Chair, President. All I need now is one more one ordinary member. Mr. Fox, would you like to nominate?
Fredericks: No. I will volunteer.
Lucius Fox: Where are you taking us?
Bane: Hang them where the world can see.
Lucius Fox: Nothing like a little air superiority, isn't it?
Foley: There's only one police in this town.
Batman: Maybee your knife... was too slow.
Barsad: The truck is under attack.
Talia al Ghul: Gordon. You gave him a way to block my signal. No matter.
Talia al Ghul: He's bought Gotham eleven minutes.
Selina Kyle: I don't know what you're planning to do with Mr. Wayne's prints, but I'm guessing you'll need his thumb. You don't count so good, huh?
Jim Gordon: We could use some hotter heads around here.
John Blake: Sir, Congressman Gilly's wife has been calling in. Apparently the Congressman never made it home after the Wayne Foundation event.
Jim Gordon: That's a job for the police.
John Blake: When you and Dent cleaned up the streets, you cleaned them good. Pretty soon we'll be chasing down uh... overdue library books. And yet, here you are, like we're still at war.
Jim Gordon: What's your name, son?
John Blake: Blake, sir.
Jim Gordon: You got something you wanna ask me, Officer Blake?
John Blake: It's about that night, this night, eight years ago. The night Dent died, the last confirmed sighting of the Batman. He murders those people, takes down two SWAT teams, breaks Dent's neck and then just... vanishes?
Jim Gordon: I'm not hearing a question, son.
John Blake: Don't you wanna know who he was?
Jim Gordon: I know exactly who he was. He was the Batman.
Jim Gordon: Let's go see about the Congressman's wife.
Phillip Stryver: Bane says the Batman interfered, but the task was accomplished.
John Daggett: And what about the men they arrested?
Phillip Stryver: He said, and I quote; they would die before talking.
John Daggett: Where does he find these guys?
Trader #1: This is a stock exchange. There's no money you can steal.
Bane: Really? Then why are you people here?
Female Security Guard: Rookie! Lose the helmet. We need faces for cameras. Come on.
Miranda Tate: You brought me out here to show me this, Mr. Fox?
Lucius Fox: Bear with me, Miss Tate.
Lucius Fox: Please keep hands and feet inside the car at all times.
Miranda Tate: This is it, isn't it?
Lucius Fox: The reactor is beneath the river so it could be instantly flooded in the event of a security breach.
Miranda Tate: Is Bruce Wayne really that paranoid?
Lucius Fox: I'm gonna plead the fifth on that one.
Bruce Wayne: I thought you might like to see what your investment built.
Miranda Tate: No fossil fuels. Free, clean energy for an entire city. Three years ago, a Russian scientist published a paper on weaponized fusion reactions. One week later your reactor started developing problems. I think this machine works.
Bruce Wayne: Miranda, if it were operational, the danger to Gotham would be too great.
Miranda Tate: Would it make you feel better to know that the Russian scientist died in a plane crash six months ago?
Bruce Wayne: Someone will work out what Dr. Pavel did. Someone will figure out a way to make this power source into a nuclear weapon. I need you to take control of Wayne Enterprises and this reactor.
Miranda Tate: To do what with it?
Bruce Wayne: Nothing. Until we can guarantee its safety.
Miranda Tate: And if we can't?
Bruce Wayne: Decommission it and flood it.
Miranda Tate: Destroy the world's best chance for a sustainable future?
Bruce Wayne: If the world's not ready, yes.
Miranda Tate: Bruce, if you want to save the world you have to start trusting it.
Bruce Wayne: I'm trusting you.
Miranda Tate: Doesn't count. You have no choice.
Bruce Wayne: I could have flooded this chamber any time in the last three years. I'm choosing to trust you. Please.
Army Captain at Bridge: Now, why the hell would I try to help you keep your hostages?
Barsad: If one person crosses this bridge... Gotham gets blown to hell.
Bruce Wayne: This city needs me.
Lucius Fox: Remember where you parked?
Ra's al Ghul: There are many forms of immortality.
John Blake: You sons of bitches, you've killed us!
CIA Agent: Dr. Pavel, I'm CIA.
Barsad: He wasn't alone.
CIA Agent: Uh... you don't get to bring friends.
Dr. Pavel: They are not my friends.
Barsad: Don't worry, no charge for them.
CIA Agent: And why would I want them?
Barsad: They were trying to grab your prize. They work for the mercenary. The masked man...
CIA Agent: Bane?
CIA Agent: Get him on board, I'll call it in.
Alfred: That is a man who fights with the power of belief.
Selina Kyle: Shrimp balls?
Foley: I'm gonna do what Jim Gordon never could.
John Blake: What's that?
Foley: I'm gonna take down the Batman.
Mayor: No city is without crime, but this city is without organized crime because the Dent Act gave law enforcement teeth in its fight against the mob. Now people are talking about repealing the Dent Act. And to them I say, "Not on my watch."
Bane: Leave us.
John Daggett: No -- stay here. I'm in charge.
Bane: Do you feel in charge?
Alfred: I'll get this to Mr. Fox, but no more. I've sewn you up, I've set your bones, but I won't bury you. I've buried enough members of the Wayne family.
Bruce Wayne: You'll leave me?
Alfred: You see only one end to your journey. Leaving is all I have to make you understand, you're not Batman anymore. You have to find another way. You used to talk about finishing a life beyond that awful cape.
Bruce Wayne: Rachel died believing that we would be together; that was my life beyond the cape. I can't just move on. She didn't, she couldn't.
Alfred: What if she had? What if, before she died, she wrote a letter saying she chose Harvey Dent over you? And what if, to spare your pain, I burnt that letter?
Bruce Wayne: How dare you use Rachel to try to stop me?
Alfred: I am using the truth, Master Wayne. Maybe it's time we all stop trying to outsmart the truth and let it have its day. I'm sorry.
Bruce Wayne: You're sorry? You expect to destroy my world and then think we're going to shake hands?
Alfred: No... no, I know what this means.
Bruce Wayne: What does it mean?
Alfred: It means your hatred... and it also means losing someone that I have cared for since I first heard his cries echo through this house. But it might also mean saving your life. And that is more important.
Bruce Wayne: Goodbye, Alfred.
Alfred: Remember when you left Gotham? Before all this, before Batman? You were gone seven years. Seven years I waited, hoping that you wouldn't come back. Every year, I took a holiday. I went to Florence, there's this cafe, on the banks of the Arno. Every fine evening, I'd sit there and order a Fernet Branca. I had this fantasy, that I would look across the tables and I'd see you there, with a wife and maybe a couple of kids. You wouldn't say anything to me, nor me to you. But we'd both know that you'd made it, that you were happy. I never wanted you to come back to Gotham. I always knew there was nothing here for you, except pain and tragedy. And I wanted something more for you than that. I still do.
John Blake: Not a lot of people know what it feels like to be angry, in your bones. I mean, they understand, foster parents, everybody understands, for awhile. Then they want the angry little kid to do something he knows he can't do, move on. So after awhile they stop understanding. They send the angry kid to a boys home. I figured it out too late. You gotta learn to hide the anger, practice smiling in the mirror. It's like putting on a mask.
Alfred: You two should exchange notes over coffee.
Bruce Wayne: So now you're trying to set me up with a jewel thief?
Alfred: At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world!
Bruce Wayne: There's nothing out there for me.
Alfred: And that's the problem. You hung up your cape and your cowl, but you didn't move on, you never went to find a life, to find someone...
Bruce Wayne: Alfred... I did find someone.
Alfred: I know, and you lost her. But that's all part of living, sir. But you're not living. You're just waiting, hoping for things to go bad again.
Alfred: I'm so sorry. I failed you. You trusted me, and I failed you.
Bruce Wayne: If this man is everything that you say he is, then this city needs me.
Alfred: This city needs Bruce Wayne, your resources, your knowledge. It doesn't need your body, or your life. That time has passed.
Bruce Wayne: You're afraid that if I go back out there I'll fail.
Alfred: No. I'm afraid that you want to.
Alfred: If you're seriously considering going back out there, you should hear the rumors surrounding Bane.
Bruce Wayne: I'm all ears.
Alfred: There is a prison in a more ancient part of the world, a pit where men are thrown to suffer and die. But sometimes a man rises from the darkness. Sometimes the pit sends something back.
Bruce Wayne: Bane.
Alfred: Right. Born and raised in hell on earth.
Bruce Wayne: Born in prison?
Alfred: No one knows why or how he escaped, but they do know that once he did he was trained by Ra's Al Ghul, your mentor.
Bruce Wayne: Bane was a member of The League of Shadows.
Alfred: And then he was excommunicated. And any man who is too extreme for Ra's Al Ghul is not to be trifled with.
Batman: He was trying to kill millions of innocent people
Talia al Ghul: 'Innocent' is a strong word to throw around Gotham, Bruce. I honor my father by finishing his work. Vengeance against the man who killed him is simply a reward for my patience...
Talia al Ghul: You see, it's the slow knife... the knife that takes its time, the knife that waits years without forgetting, then slips quietly between the bones... that's the knife that cuts deepest.
Trader #1: This is a stock exchange! There's no money you can steal!
Bane: Really? Then why are you people here?
Talia al Ghul: His only crime was that he loved me.
Talia al Ghul: Don't kill him. I want him to feel the heat.
Talia al Ghul: To feel the fire of twelve million souls you failed.
Talia al Ghul: Goodbye, my friend.
Talia al Ghul: My... father's... work... is... done.
Talia al Ghul: Shoot them. Shoot them all.     