
Will Rodman: Caesar. I'm sorry. This my fault. This has to stop. This isn't the way, you know what they're capable of. Please come home. If you come home, I'll protect you.
Caesar: Caesar is home.
Dodge Landon: Take your stinking paw off me, you damn dirty ape!
Caesar: NO!
Steven Jacobs: I swear, you know everything about the human brain except the way it works.
Maurice: Why coockie Rocket?
Caesar: Ape alone... weak. Apes together... strong.
Maurice: Apes stupid.
Maurice: Hurt bad?
Caesar: You know sign?
Maurice: Circus orangutan.
Maurice: Careful. Humans don't like smart ape.
Dodge Landon: It's a madhouse! A madhouse!
Caroline Aranha: I love chimpanzees. I'm also afraid of them. And it's appropriate to be afraid of them.
Will Rodman: Caesar shows cognitive skills that far exceed that of a human counterpart. The drug in his system has radicly boosted healthy brain functions.
Robert Franklin: Mr. Jacobs, please! I am begging you, don't do this!
Steven Jacobs: It would cost a small fortune to run lab test on all those chimps that would tell me what I already know! That they are contaminated!
Robert Franklin: Please, Mr. Jacobs! Lives are at stake! These are animals with personalities, with attachments!
Steven Jacobs: Attachments?
Robert Franklin: Yes.
Steven Jacobs: I run a business, not a petting zoo. Find the most cost-effective way to put those apes down!
Caroline Aranha: Hey. Some things aren't meant to be changed. You need to accept that.
Robert Franklin: Okay, okay. Here you go. And let's go again.
Will Rodman: Which one's this? Number nine?
Robert Franklin: Yeah, this is number nine. Bright Eyes, we call her. Are you watching this? This is unbelievable.
Robert Franklin: Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Bright Eyes: Will Rodman: How many moves was that?
Robert Franklin: 20.
Robert Franklin: Yeah, a perfect score is 15. Doc, what are you giving her?
Will Rodman: Hey, give that video!
Will Rodman: Chimp number nine, just one dose.
Steven Jacobs: Aren't I seeing you later?
Will Rodman: We're good to go.
Steven Jacobs: I'm going to call you back. Yeah, all right. Thanks. Bye.
Will Rodman: The 112. It works.
Steven Jacobs: On just the one primate.
Will Rodman: One is all we need. Full cognitive recorvery. We're ready.
Steven Jacobs: Look are you sure you're not rushing this?
Will Rodman: I've been working on this for five and a half years. The data is clear. We're ready, Steven. All I need is your approval for human trials.
Steven Jacobs: For this, you're going to need the board's approval. There's alot of money riding on this, Will. You only get one shot.
Will Rodman: One shot is all I need.
Steven Jacobs: All right. But I'll need to see all the research.
Will Rodman: You got it.
Steven Jacobs: And, Will...
Will Rodman: Yeah?
Steven Jacobs: Keep your personal emotions out of it. These people invest in results, not dreams.
Will Rodman: Okay.
Will Rodman: You want me to take him? I can't take care of a monkey.
Robert Franklin: He's not a monkey! He's an ape.
Party Boy: Hey, check out this guy.
Dodge Landon: Hey that one's a pain in the ass, man! He thinks he's special or something.
Party Boy: Freaky. Come here. Come on. It's like he's thinking or something.
Caesar: Party Girl #2: Oh, my God! He has his throat!
Party Girl #1: Let him go!
Dodge Landon: Let go!
Caesar: Rocket: Dodge Landon: I told you not to get too close man.
Will Rodman: I'm taking him out of here right now.
John Landon: Not without a court-order you're not! Besides he's not yours anymore.
Linda: Mr. Jacobs, it's Linda from Will's team. Something horrible has happened. Franklin is dead - from a viral infection.
Steven Jacobs: What the hell are you talking about?
Linda: He was exposed to the 113. It does something to people that it doesn't do to apes.
Steven Jacobs: You used an untested drug on your father. I could end your career with one phone call.
Will Rodman: Let me save you the trouble. I quit.
John Landon: I get more peace in a goddamned ape house.
Dodge Landon: The new kid on the block kind of gets picked on.
Will Rodman: That's bullshit! What did you to him?
Dodge Landon: Let go man!
Will Rodman: Look, you have no idea of what you're dealing with!
Will Rodman: Why don't we begin? Meet Chimp Nine. We gave him a gene therapy that allows the brain to create it own cells in order to repair itself. We call it the Cure to Alzheimer's.
Caesar: Go Up!
Koba: Caesar: Go Under!
Maurice: Charles Rodman: As for Caesar, kneel down, kneel down and wonder!
John Landon: They're not people you know.
Charles Rodman: Oh, he's a smart one, isn't he?
Hunsiker: Damn right it won't.
Charles Rodman: He just wanted to play.
Will Rodman: We gave her what we call ALZ-112, a gene therapy that allows the brain to create its own cells in order to repair itself. In biology, this is called neurogenesis. Here at GenSys, we call it a cure to Alzheimer's.
Koba: Jacobs
Steven Jacobs: Ha ha ha!     