
Edna Mode: Done properly, parenting is a heroic act... done properly.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: That's... not the way you're supposed to do it, Dad.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: They want us to do it this...
Bob Parr: I don't KNOW that way, why would they change math? Math is math, math is math!
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: I think it's okay, Dad...
Bob Parr: Suit up! It might get weird.
Lucius Best: I'll be there, ASAP.
Honey: Where are you going ASAP? You better be back ASAP!
Screenslaver: Screenslaver interrupts this program for an important announcement. Don't bother watching the rest. Elastigirl doesn't save the day; she only postpones her defeat. And while she postpones her defeat, you eat chips and watch HER confront problems that you are too lazy to deal with. Superheroes are part of your brainless desire to replace true experience with simulation. You don't talk, you watch talk SHOWS. You don't play games, you watch game SHOWS. Travel, relationships, risk; every meaningful experience must be packaged and delivered to you to watch at a distance so that you can remain ever-sheltered, ever-passive, ever-ravenous consumers who can't bring themselves to rise from their couches, break a sweat, and participate in life. You want superheroes to protect you and make yourselves ever more powerless in the process; while you tell yourself you're being "looked after", that your interests are being served, and your rights are being upheld. So that the system can keep stealing from you, smiling at you all the while. Go ahead, send your supers to stop me. Grab your snacks, watch your screens, and see what happens. You are no longer in control. I am.
Helen Parr: You know it's crazy, right? To help my family, I gotta leave it to fix the law, I gotta break it.
Bob Parr: You've got to, so our kids can have that choice.
Bob Parr: Hey! You did this, can you UN-do it?
Krushauer: You want me to... UN-crush?
Bob Parr: What, no one's ever asked for that?
Krushauer: No! To un-crush is silly! Why un-crush?
Bob Parr: To get into the engine - oh, forget it. We don't have enough time.
Krushauer: What if I tell you to un-punch someone? What you do?
Helen Parr: I missed Jack-Jack's FIRST POWER!
Bob Parr: Actually you missed his first SEVENTEEN!
Bob Parr: Num num, cookie?
Helen Parr: Superheroes are illegal.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: We wanna fight bad guys!
Jack-Jack Parr: I wanawai bad guy!
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: It defines who I am.
Bob Parr: We're not saying you have - what?
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Someone on TV said it.
Lucius Best: Looks normal to me. When did this start happening?
Bob Parr: Since Helen got the job.
Lucius Best: I assume she knows.
Bob Parr: Are you kidding? I can't tell her about this, not while she's doing hero work!
Jack-Jack Parr: Mama!
Helen Parr: Girls, come on! Leave the saving of the world to the men? I don't think so!
Jack-Jack Parr: Mama!
Bob Parr: I've got to succeed! So she can succeed! So WE can succeed!
Lucius Best: I get it, Bob! I get it! When was the last time you slept?
Bob Parr: Who keeps track of that? Besides, he's a baby. I can handle it, I got this handled.
Lucius Best: So... you're good then? You got everything under control? Right?
Lucius Best: WHAT THE - ?
Bob Parr: Cookie! Jack-Jack, want a cookie? Num num, cookie?
Bob Parr: Jack-Jack, num num! Num num, cookie! Cookie!
Lucius Best: You're not... ?
Bob Parr: Cookie!
Lucius Best: Oh my gosh!
Bob Parr: Cookie!
Lucius Best: Whoa, K! Okay, so he can still hear you from...
Bob Parr: ...from the other dimension.
Lucius Best: That is freaky.
Bob Parr: Because I'm formulating, okay! I'm taking in information! I'm processing! I'm doing the math, I'm fixing the boyfriend, and keeping the baby from turning into a flaming monster! How do I do it? By rolling with the punches, baby! I eat thunder and crap lightening, okay? Because I'm Mr. Incredible! Not "Mr. So-So" or "Mr. Mediocre Guy"! Mr. Incredible!
Violet Parr: We should call Lucius.
Bob Parr: No, I can handle it! There's no way I'm gonna...
Bob Parr: Violet Parr: I'm calling Lucius.
Bob Parr: You have powers! Yeah, baby!
Rick Dicker: If you wanna get out of the hole, first you gotta put down the shovel.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Wait, I thought you renounced superheroes.
Violet Parr: Well, I renounce my renouncement!
Bob Parr: Combustion imminent? What does that mean?
Edna Mode: It means fire, Robert.
Bob Parr: Suit up. It might get weird.
Lucius Best: I'll be there ASAP.
Honey: Where you goin' ASAP? You better be back ASAP!
Bob Parr: I've got to succeed! So she can succeed! So WE can succeed!
Lucius Best: I get it, Bob!
Lucius Best: WHAT THE?
Lucius Best: That is freaky.
Bob Parr: But I can't keep giving him cookies!
Lucius Best: Whoa! He's freaky!
Bob Parr: No biting Daddy.
Lucius Best: WHAT?
Bob Parr: We meet agai...
Violet Parr: Boys are jerks and superheroes suck.
Bob Parr: Good morning!
Edna Mode: Leave HIM? HERE? I am NOT a *baby person*, Robert! I am not cut out for baby's facilities! I am an *artist*, I don't have time for any of this to...
Edna Mode: T-Today...
Edna Mode: Fascinating! Are-Are you seeing this Robert?
Edna Mode: Oh... My... God.
Edna Mode: YES!
Bob Parr: I used to know what's right, but I'm not sure anymore. I just... wanna be a good dad.
Violet Parr: You're not good... you're super.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Did we do something wrong?
Helen Parr: Yes.
Bob Parr: No. We didn't do anything wrong.
Helen Parr: Superheroes are illegal, whether it's fair or not, that's the law.
Bob Parr: The law should be fair. What are we teaching our kids.
Helen Parr: To respect the law.
Bob Parr: Even if the law is disrespectful?
Edna Mode: Any solution involving cookies will inevitably result in the demon baby.
Screenslaver: You don't talk, you watch talk shows.
Bob Parr: Why would they change math?
Edna Mode: He is bright and I am stimulating. We deserve each other.
Guy in car: Marry me Elastigirl!
Edna Mode: Of course you can leave the baby overnight. I'm sure filling in for Helen is challenging, and you are very tired, and the other children need you and miss you, and you must go to them. Auntie Edna will take care of everything, so drive safely and goodbye. I enjoy our visits.
Violet Parr: I hate superheroes, and I renounce them!
Edna Mode: Elastigirl's suit...
Edna Mode: ...is designed by Vincento? EXPLAIN YOURSELF!
Screenslaver: The Screenslaver interrupts this for an important announcement...
Bob Parr: Hello?
Helen Parr: Hey, honey. How are the kids?
Bob Parr: Everything's great.
Helen Parr: And Jack-Jack?
Bob Parr: He's in excellent health.
News Anchor: ... the Incredibile, the super-car once driven by superhero Mr. Incredible.
Car Collector: It's the kind of thing you buy when you have everything else.
Bob Parr: They said it was beyond repair.
Car Collector: It was in perfect condition.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: You used to drive THAT?
Bob Parr: They said it was destroyed!
News Anchor: Long thought lost or destroyed, the famous car turned up at a private auction.
Bob Parr: They said it was...
Bob Parr: THAT'S MY CAR!
Helen Parr: I counted on you.
Evelyn Deavor: That's why you failed.
Helen Parr: What?
Evelyn Deavor: Why would you count on me? Because I built you a bike? Because my brother knows the words to your theme song? We don't know each other!
Helen Parr: But you can count on me anyway.
Evelyn Deavor: I'm supposed to, aren't I? Because you have some strange abilities and a shiny costume, the rest of us are supposed to put our lives into your gloved hands. That's what my father believed. When our home was broken into, my mother wanted to hide. Begged my father to use the safe room. But Father insisted they call his superhero friends. He died, pointlessly, stupidly... waiting for heroes to save the day.
Helen Parr: But why would you... your brother...
Evelyn Deavor: Is a child! He remembers the time when we had parents and superheroes. So, like a child, Winston conflates the two: Mommy and Daddy went away because supers went away. Our sweet parents were fools to put their lives in anybody else's hands. Superheroes keep us weak!
Helen Parr: This isn't me! I'm not all dark and angsty. I'm Elastigirl! I'm, you know, flexible. I mean, look at the... the...
Bob Parr: E designed this?
Helen Parr: No. Some guy named Alexander Galbaki.
Bob Parr: Glad it's you and not me, 'cause... you're gonna hear from her.
Helen Parr: Who did I put in jail?
Evelyn Deavor: Pizza delivery guy. Seemed the right height, build. He gave you a pretty good fight. I should say I gave you a pretty good fight through him.
Helen Parr: But it doesn't bother you that an innocent man is in jail?
Evelyn Deavor: Eh, he was surly. And the pizza was cold.
Edna Mode: The fire retardant is blackberry-lavender, darling. Effective, edible, and delicious.
Helen Parr: You... came for us?
Violet Parr: Don't be mad.
Helen Parr: Oh, sweetie. How could I be mad? I'm proud.
Bob Parr: Over Dusseldorf, Doozles are dozing...
Bob Parr: Close it!
Helen Parr: Bye, sweetie.
Bob Parr: I'll watch the kids, no problem.
Helen Parr: I couldn't have done this if you hadn't taken over so well.
Lucius Best: WHAT THE?
Bob Parr: Num num, cookie!
Lucius Best: Oh my gosh!
Bob Parr: Cookie!
Lucius Best: Whoa, K! That... is freaky.
Helen Parr: A new Elasticycle!
Bob Parr: "Elasticycle"? I didn't know you had a bike.
Helen Parr: Hey, I had a mohawk. There's a lot about me you don't know.
Bob Parr: Yeah, but... a mohawk?
Helen Parr: Eh, you didn't miss anything.
Evelyn Deavor: People will trade quality for ease every time.
Radio announcer in Elastigirl's chauffeur driven car: A news report out today shows that when it comes to decision-making, people have more trust in a monkey throwing darts, than Congress.
Violet Parr: Did you wash your hands?
Violet Parr: With soap?
Violet Parr: Did you dry them?
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: What? Is this ALL vegetables? Who ordered all vegetables?
Helen Parr: I did.
Violet Parr: So, are we going to talk about it?
Bob Parr: What?
Violet Parr: The elephant in the room.
Bob Parr: What elephant?
Violet Parr: Mom's new job.
The Underminer: Behold, the Underminer!
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Whoa! I LIKE Mom's new job!
Screenslaver: Supers are no longer in control... I am.
Evelyn Deavor: The fact that you saved me doesn't make you right.
Helen Parr: But it does make you alive.
Helen Parr: Watch after Jack-Jack!
Violet Parr: But I thought we were gonna go and...
Bob Parr: You heard your mother!
Bob Parr: Trampoline me!
Lucius Best: I was approached by this tycoon. Wants to talk... about hero stuff.
Winston Deavor: It's time to make some wrong things right! Help me bring supers back into the sunlight. We need to change people's perceptions about superheroes, and Elastigirl is our best play.
Bob Parr: Better than... me?
Voyd: Hello there, little fella.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Hello.
Voyd: You kids aren't safe, Deavor sent us to take you...
Lucius Best: Well, isn't that redundant? But Deavor just sent me here to guard the house... 'cause the kids aren't safe.
Helen Parr: Years of mandated hiding and silence have made us bitter. You bring us out into the light, only to clean up the messes your lack of discipline creates.
Bob Parr: Your bodies and your character are weak. Your promises are empty and you will pay for it.
Lucius Best: We no longer serve you, we serve only us. May the fittest survive.
Violet Parr: Tony, this is my mum.
Helen Parr: Pleased to meet you.
Violet Parr: This is my dad.
Bob Parr: Oh, we've met.
Violet Parr: And this, is embarrassing, my little brother Dash, and the baby is Jack-Jack. I tried to limit it to ONE parent.
Helen Parr: We're all going to a movie too Tony, don't mind us.
Bob Parr: We'll be sitting on the other side of the theater. Not watching you!
Evelyn Deavor: Wha- a baby?
Violet Parr, Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Mom? Dad? Lucius?
Evelyn Deavor: A super baby?
Jack-Jack Parr: Helen Parr: Huh!
Evelyn Deavor: What? No! No! Put him down! No! Put him down!
Helen Parr: Kids?
Screenslaver: The Screenslaver interrupts this program for an important announcement. Don't bother watching the rest. Elastigirl doesn't save the day; she only postpones her defeat. And while she postpones her defeat, you eat chips and watch her invert problems that you are too lazy to deal with. Superheroes are part of a brainless desire to replace true experience with simulation. You don't talk, you watch talk shows. You don't play games, you watch game shows. Travel, relationships, risk; every meaningful experience must be packaged and delivered to you to watch at a distance so that you can remain ever-sheltered, ever-passive, ever-ravenous consumers who can't free themselves to rise from their couches, break a sweat, never anticipate new life. You want superheroes to protect you, and make yourselves ever more powerless in the process. Well, you tell yourselves you're being "looked after". That you're inches from being served and your rights are being upheld. So that the system can keep stealing from you, smiling at you all the while. Go ahead, send your supers to stop me. Grab your snacks, watch your screens, and see what happens. You are no longer in control. I am.
Reflux: Name's Reflux. Medical condition or super power, you decide.
Winston Deavor: Help me bring supers back into the sunlight. We need Elastigirl!
Bob Parr: I can't stear it or stop it, and the Underminer's escaped.
Helen Parr: We'll have to stop it... BOB! The monorail!
Voyd: Hello there, little fella.
Dashiell 'Dash' Parr: Hello...
Voyd: You kids aren't safe, the Deavors sent us to take you...
Lucius Best: Well, isn't that redundant? The Deavors just sent me here to guard the house. Cause the kids, aren't safe. I get it, managerial screw-up, tell Winston I have this, you understand Miss...?
Voyd: Voyd.
Lucius Best: Miss. Voyd... Drive Safely.
Voyd: The thing is, he wants us to bring you too.
Lucius Best: Hey...
Lucius Best: That isn't gonna hold them long, Dash grab the baby.
Tony Rydinger: I feel kind of bad about it. Maybe I should have said "Hi" or something? It's not her fault superheroes are illegal. And it's not like I don't like strong girls. I'm pretty secure, manhood-wise.
Bob Parr: You know where my suit and ties are?
Helen Parr: Burned up when...
Bob Parr, Helen Parr: The jet destroyed our house.
Bob Parr: Hey Vi, I want you back here by 10:30.
Violet Parr: 11-ish?
Bob Parr: 10-ish heading for 9:30-ish...
Violet Parr: 10:30-ish it is...
    