
Young Noah: So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday.
Noah: I am nothing special; just a common man with common thoughts, and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten. But in one respect I have succeeded as gloriously as anyone who's ever lived: I've loved another with all my heart and soul; and to me, this has always been enough.
Young Noah: My Dearest Allie. I couldn't sleep last night because I know that it's over between us. I'm not bitter anymore, because I know that what we had was real. And if in some distant place in the future we see each other in our new lives, I'll smile at you with joy and remember how we spent the summer beneath the trees, learning from each other and growing in love. The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds, and that's what you've given me. That's what I hope to give to you forever. I love you. I'll be seeing you. Noah
Young Allie: Why didn't you write me? Why? It wasn't over for me, I waited for you for seven years. But now it's too late.
Young Noah: I wrote you 365 letters. I wrote you everyday for a year.
Young Allie: You wrote me?
Young Noah: Yes... it wasn't over, it still isn't over
Allie: Do you think our love, can take us away together?
Duke: I think our love can do anything we want it to.
Allie: I love you.
Duke: I love you, Allie.
Allie: Good night.
Duke: Good night. I'll be seeing you.
Duke: That's my sweetheart in there. Wherever she is, that's where my home is.
Young Allie: Now, say you're a bird.
Young Noah: If you're a bird, I'm a bird.
Noah: Summer romances begin for all kinds of reasons, but when all is said and done, they have one thing in common. They're shooting stars, a spectacular moment of light in the heavens, fleeting glimpse of eternity, and in a flash they're gone.
Young Noah: It's not about following your heart and it's not about keeping your promises. It's about security.
Young Allie: What's that supposed to mean?
Young Noah: Money. He's got a lot of money!
Young Allie: You smug bastard. I hate you for saying that.
Young Noah: You're bored Allie. You're bored and you know it. You wouldn't be here if there wasn't something missing.
Young Allie: You arrogant son of a bitch.
Young Noah: Would you just stay with me?
Young Allie: Stay with you? What for? Look at us, we're already fightin'
Young Noah: Well that's what we do, we fight... You tell me when I am being an arrogant son of a bitch and I tell you when you are a pain in the ass. Which you are, 99% of the time. I'm not afraid to hurt your feelings. You have like a 2 second rebound rate, then you're back doing the next pain-in-the-ass thing.
Young Allie: So what?
Young Noah: So it's not gonna be easy. It's gonna be really hard. We're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, for ever, you and me, every day. Will you do something for me, please? Just picture your life for me? 30 years from now, 40 years from now? What's it look like? If it's with him, go. Go! I lost you once, I think I can do it again. If I thought that's what you really wanted. But don't you take the easy way out.
Young Allie: What easy way? There is no easy way, no matter what I do, somebody gets hurt.
Young Noah: Would you stop thinking about what everyone wants? Stop thinking about what I want, what he wants, what your parents want. What do YOU want? What do you WANT?
Young Allie: It's not that simple.
Young Noah: What... do... you... want? God damn it what do you want?
Young Allie: I have to go now.
Young Noah: Get in the water.
Young Allie: No! I'm scared.
Young Noah: Get in the water, woman! Get in the water!
Young Allie: Young Noah: No I'm sorry baby, please just get in.
Young Allie: Young Noah: GET IN THE WATER!
Duke: How's it hangin' Harry?
Harry: I keep trying to die, but they won't let me.
Duke: Well, you can't have everything.
Young Allie: What happens if a car comes?
Young Noah: We die.
Allie: Do you think our love can make miracles?
Duke: I do.
Young Allie: It was real, wasn't it? You and me. Such a long time ago, we were just a couple of kids. But we really loved each other, didn't we?
Young Noah: We can just finish out the summer and see what happens then.
Young Allie: Please don't do this, you don't mean it. Oh why wait until the summer ends? Why don't you do it right now?
Young Allie: Huh? C'mon. Do it! Do it!
Young Allie: You know what? I'm gonna do it! It's over. Okay? it's over.
Young Noah: Come here.
Young Allie: Don't touch me! I hate you! I hate you!
Young Noah: OK, I'm going.
Young Allie: Why don't you just go then?
Young Allie: Get out! Leave!
Young Allie: Go!... No, no, just wait a minute, we're not really breaking up are we? Come on. This is just a fight we're having and tomorrow will be like it never happend right?
Young Allie: You gotta be kiddin' me. All this time, that's what I've been missin'? Let's do it again.
Martha Shaw: Look, a woman know when a man looks into her eyes and sees someone else.
Young Noah: Now you know that I want to give you all the things that you want, right? But I can't, because they're gone... They're broken.
Duke: Science only goes so far and then comes God.
Duke: They didn't agree on much. In fact they rarely agreed on anything. They fought all the time and they challenged each other everyday...
Young Noah: Don't push me!
Duke: ...But in spite their differences, they had one important thing in common, they were crazy about each other.
Duke: I was just going for a walk. I couldn't sleep.
Nurse Esther: You were going to see Miss Allie. Now you know you're not allowed. It's against the rules. You go back to your room. And as for me, I'm going downstairs to get a cup of coffee and won't be back for a while. Stay out of trouble.
Lon: The way I see it, I got three choices. One, I can shoot him. Two, I can kick the crap out of him. Or three, I leave you. Well, all that's no good. You see, 'cause none of those options get me you.
Young Noah: Will you go out with me?
Young Allie: What? No.
Young Noah: No...?
Young Allie: No.
Young Noah: Why not?
Young Allie: I don't know, because I don't want to.
Young Noah: OK, then you leave me no other choice.
Young Allie: AHHHH!
Young Noah: I'm gonna ask you one more time, will you or will you not go out with me? I think my hand's slipping.
Young Allie: OK, OK. Fine I'll go out with you
Young Noah: No, don't do me any favors.
Young Allie: No, no I want to.
Young Noah: Say it.
Young Allie: I wanna go out with you.
Young Noah: Say it again.
Young Allie: I WANNA GO OUT WITH YOU!
Young Noah: All right, all right we'll go out.
Young Allie: Painting.
Young Noah: What?
Young Allie: You asked me, what I do for me...
Young Noah: What now?
Young Allie: I love to paint.
Young Noah: Really?
Young Allie: Mmm-hmm. Most of the time I have all these thoughts bouncin' around in my head... but with a brush in my hand, the world just gets kinda quiet.
Young Noah: You don't know me, but I know me.
Young Noah: Dad! God... I stammered!
Frank: Stammered, stuttered... what's the difference. You couldn't understand a damn thing he said.
Frank: Anyway, I got him to read some poetry aloud and pretty soon his stuttering went away.
Young Allie: Well, that's a good idea that poetry.
Duke: I am no one special. Just a common man with common thoughts. I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but in one respect I've succeeded as gloriously as anyone who ever lived. I've loved another with all my heart and soul and for me that has always been enough.
Duke: She had come back into his life like a sudden flame; blazing and streaming into his heart. Noah stayed up all night contemplating the certain agony he knew would be his if he were to lose her twice.
Frank: Say, how would you like some breakfast? Would you like some breakfast?
Young Allie: Breakfast?
Frank: Yeah!
Young Noah: Dad, it's ten o'clock.
Frank: Well, what's that got to do with it, you can have pancakes any damn time of night you want! Come on in, you want some breakfast?
Young Allie: Sure!
Young Noah: Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
Young Allie: You're a terrible singer.
Young Noah: I know.
Young Allie: But I like this song.
Young Noah: I'm not usually like this, I'm sorry.
Young Allie: Oh yes you are.
Young Noah: I could be fun, if you want. I could be pensive, uhh... smart, supersticious, brave? And I, uhh, I can be light on my feet. I could be whatever you want. You just tell me what you want, and I'm gonna be that for you.
Young Allie: ...You're dumb.
Young Noah: I could be that.
Young Noah: Come on, one date, what's it gonna hurt?
Young Allie: Mmm, I don't think so.
Young Noah: Well what can I do to change your mind?
Young Noah: Stop thinking about what everyone wants, stop thinking about what I want, what your parents want! What do *you* want Allie?
Young Allie: When I'm with Noah I feel like one person and when I'm with you I feel like someone totally different.
Lon: Allie, it's normal not to forget your first love but I want you for myself. I don't want to convince my fiancée that she should be with me.
Young Allie: You don't have to. I already know I should be with you.
Duke: It was an improbable romance. He was a country boy. She was from the city. She had the world at her feet, while he didn't have two dimes to rub together.
Anne: She is out foolin' around with that boy until two o'clock in the morning and it has got to stop! I didn't spend seventeen years of my life raising a daughter and giving her EVERYTHING, so she could throw it away on a summer romance!
Young Allie: DADDY!
Anne: She will wind up with her heart broken or pregnant! Now he's a nice boy, but he's...
Young Allie: He's WHAT? He is what? Tell me!
Anne: He is trash! Trash! Trash! Not for you!
Noah: He got the notion into his head that if he restored the old house where they had come that night, Allie would find a way to come back to him. Some called it a labor of love. Others called it something else. But in fact, Noah had gone a little mad.
Young Noah: I'm Noah Calhoun.
Young Allie: So?
Young Noah: So it's really nice to meet you.
Edmond: Allie, who is this guy?
Young Allie: I don't know, Noah Calhoun.
Young Noah: I see you got my letters, finally. What are you gonna do, Al?
Young Allie: I don't know.
Young Noah: We're back to that? Are we back there? What about the past couple of days? They happened, you know.
Young Allie: I know that they happened, and they were wonderful. But they were also very irresponsible. I have a fiancé waiting for me at a hotel who's going to be crushed when he finds out what I did.
Young Noah: So you make love to me, and go back to your husband. Was that your plan? Was that a test I didn't pass?
Young Allie: No, I made a promise to a man. He gave me a ring and I gave him my word.
Young Noah: And your word is shot to hell now, don't ya think?
Young Allie: I don't know. I'll find out when I talk to him.
Young Noah: You're gonna kill me woman! I need sleep, I need food, to regain my strength!
Nurse Esther: The doctor needs to see you.
Allie: Me? Now?
Nurse Esther: No, him.
Allie: But he hasn't finished reading his story.
Noah: I'll read some more when I'm through with the doctor. This shouldn't take too long.
Allie: All right.
Noah: Don't you go away. I'll be right back.
Nurse Esther: While you waiting, maybe you'd like to play the piano for a few minutes. You do like that.
Allie: I do?
Nurse Esther: Mm-hmm.
Allie: I don't know any tunes.
Nurse Esther: You can read music.
Allie: No kidding?
Nurse Esther: Mm-hmm.
Young Noah: What am I gonna do in New York?
Young Allie: ...Be with me.
Young Noah: It's not about keeping your promises, and it's not about following your heart. It's about security.
Young Allie: What do ya want?
Young Noah: Hmmm. I want some... uh... pancakes... and some bacon... and chicken.
Young Noah: When I see something I like, I gotta... I love it.
Young Noah: You wanna walk with me.
Fin: What are you guys doing? Get in!
Young Allie: Yeah.
Young Noah: We're gonna walk.
Fin: Do you guys love each other?
Fin: Oh I get it, you guys do love each other!
Young Noah: Okay. Goodbye.
Allie: They fell in love, didn't they?
Duke: Yes, they did.
Allie: Did you write that?
Duke: No, that was Walt Whitman.
Allie: I think I knew him...
Duke: I think you did too.
Young Noah: Who's that girl with Sara?
Fin: Her name is Allie Hamilton. She's here for the summer with her family. Dad's got more money than God.
Young Allie: You're gonna get hit.
Young Noah: Uhh, by all the cars?
Anne: 'Cause I might know you a little better than you think. And I don't want you waking up one morning thinking if you'd known everything you might have done something different.
Young Noah: If you're a bird I'm a bird.
Young Noah: You know I want to give you everything you want. But I can't. It's broken.
Frank: Well, Mr. Calho... What am I? *Old* or something? You can call me Frank.
Young Noah: Unbelievable, Unbelievable.
Fin: Fin: You look great.
Fin: You look great. And I know I look great.
Lon: Should I be worried?
Young Allie: This place is gigantic!
Young Noah: Yeah, a gigantic piece of crap!
Young Noah: You need to learn how to trust.
Young Allie: What's going on?
Anne: We're going home.
Young Allie: We're leaving now?
Anne: Mm-hmm.
Young Allie: No, we're not supposed to be leaving for another week.
Anne: Get dressed, come downstairs and have some breakfast. Willa will pack your things.
Willa: Why, I'd be happy to pack your things, Miss Allie.
Young Allie: No, I don't want you to pack my things, I don't want you to touch my stuff I'm not going!
Anne: Yes, you are.
Duke: Southern summers are indifferent to the trials of young love. Armed with warnings and doubts, Noah and Allie gave a remarkably convincing portrayal of a boy and a girl traveling down a very long road with no regard for the consequences.
Duke: Allie was surprised how quickly she fell in love with Lon Hammond. He was handsome, smart, funny, sophisticated, and charming. He also came from old Southern money and was fabulously wealthy.
Frank: Now that's a damn painting that is.
Frank: Now that's a damn picture there!
Nurse Selma: Excuse me. Come on, honey, let's get you ready for bed     