
Professor McGonagall: One-two-three, one-two-three...
Harry: You're never gonna let him forget this, are you?
Fred, George: Never.
Dumbledore: No spell can reawaken the dead, Harry. I trust you know that. Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
Ron: There's no one like Krum! He's like a bird the way he rides the wind! He's more than an athlete! He's an artist.
Ginny: I think you're in love, Ron.
Ron: Shut up!
George: Victor, I love you!
Fred: Victor, I do!
George, Fred, Harry: When we're apart my heart beats only for you!
Hermione: Victor's gone to get drinks. Would you care to join us?
Ron: No, we would not care to join you and *Victor*.
Hermione: What's got your wand in a knot?
Ron: He's from Durmstrang! You're fraternizing with the enemy!
Hermione: The enemy? Who was it wanting his autograph? Besides the whole point of the tournament is international magical cooperation. To make friends!
Ron: I think he's got a bit more than friendship on his mind. He's using you.
Hermione: How dare you! Besides, I can take care of myself!
Ron: Doubt it. He's way too old.
Hermione: What? That's what you think?
Ron: Yeah, that's what I think.
Hermione: You know the solution, then, don't you?
Ron: Go on.
Hermione: Next time there's a ball pluck up the courage to ask me before someone else does! And not as a last resort!
Ron: Well... that... that's completely off the point...
Professor McGonagall: The house of Godric Gryffindor has commanded the respect of the wizarding world for nearly ten centuries. I will not have you, in the course of a single evening, besmirching that name by behaving like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons!
Fred: Try saying that five times fast.
George: Babbling, bumbling band of baboons.
Fred: Babbling, bumbling band of baboons.
Ron: Blimey, Dad! How far up are we?
Lucius Malfoy: Well, put it this way. If it rains, you'll be the first to know.
Malfoy: Father and I are in the minister's box. By personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself.
Lucius Malfoy: Don't boast, Draco.
Lucius Malfoy: Do enjoy yourself, won't you? While you can.
Neville: Oh my god! I've killed Harry Potter!
Hermione: It's not going to work.
Fred: Oh yeah?
George: Why's that, Granger?
Hermione: You see this?
Hermione: This is an age line. Dumbledore drew it himself.
Fred: So?
Hermione: So a genius like Dumbledore couldn't possibly be fooled by a dodge as pathetically dim witted as an ageing potion.
Fred: Ah, but that's why it's so brilliant!
George: Because it's so pathetically dim witted.
Harry: Why do they have to travel in packs? And how are you supposed to get one on their own to ask them?
Ron: Blimey, Harry. You've slayed dragons. If you can't get a date, who can?
Harry: I think I'd take the dragon now.
Dumbledore: SPOILER: Today we acknowledge a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory was, as you all know, exceptionally hard working, infinitely fair-minded, and most importantly, a fierce, fierce friend. Therefore, I feel you have the right to know exactly how he died. You see, Cedric Diggory was murdered, by Lord Voldemort. The Ministry of Magic does not wish me to tell you this. But not to do so I feel would be an insult to his memory. Now the pain we all feel at this dreadful loss reminds me, and, reminds us, that though we may come from different countries and speak in different tongues, our hearts beat as one. In light of the recent events, the bonds of friendship made this year will be more important than ever. Remember that, and Cedric Diggory will not have died in vain. You remember that, and we'll celebrate a boy who was kind, and honest, and brave, and true. Right to the very end.
Ron: This is mad! At this rate, we'll be the only ones in our year without dates! Well, us and Neville.
Harry: Yeah, but then again he could take himself.
Hermione: It might interest you to know that Neville's already got someone.
Ron: What? Now I'm really depressed. Oi, Hermione... you're a girl.
Hermione: Very well spotted.
Ron: Come with one of us! It's one thing for a bloke to show up alone, but for a girl it's just sad.
Hermione: I won't be going alone, because believe it or not, someone's asked me! And I said yes!
Ron: Bloody hell. She's lying, right?
Harry: If you say so.
Arthur Weasley: Get out of the kitchen, Ron! Everybody's hungry!
George, Fred: Yeah, get out of the kitchen, Ron!
Arthur Weasley: Feet off the table!
George, Fred: Feet off the table!
Harry: I love magic.
Ginny: It's ok, Ron. It's alright. It doesn't matter.
Harry: What happened to you?
Ginny: He just asked Fleur Delacour out.
Hermione: What?
Harry: What did she say?
Hermione: No, of course.
Hermione: She said yes?
Ron: Don't be silly. There she was, just walking by... you know how I like it when they walk... I couldn't help it... it just sort of slipped out!
Ginny: Actually, he sort of screamed at her. It was a bit frightening.
Harry: What did you do then?
Ron: What else? I ran for it!
Ron: Do you think we'll ever just have a quiet year at Hogwarts?
Hermione, Harry: No.
Ron: Yeah, didn't think so. Oh well, what's life without a few dragons?
Hermione: Everything's going to change now, isn't it?
Harry: Yes.
Hermione: Promise you'll write this summer, both of you.
Ron: Oh, I won't. You know I won't.
Hermione: Harry will, won't you?
Harry: Yeah, every week.
Ron: Oh look, Mum's sent me something.
Ron: Mum sent me a dress!
Harry: Well, it does match your eyes. Is there a bonnet?
Harry: Ah ha!
Ron: Nose down, Harry. Ginny, this must be for you.
Ginny: I'm not wearing that, it's ghastly.
Hermione: They're not for Ginny, they're for you. Dress robes.
Ron: Dress robes? For what?
Rita Skeeter: This is cozy.
Harry: It's a broom cupboard.
Rita Skeeter: Well you should feel right at home, then.
Peter Pettigrew: SPOILER: Bone of the father, unwillingly given.
Peter Pettigrew: Flesh of the servant, willingly sacrificed.
Peter Pettigrew: Blood of the enemy, forcibly taken.
Peter Pettigrew: The Dark Lord shall rise again!
James Potter: Harry! When the connection is broken you MUST get to the Portkey. We can linger for a moment to give you some time but only a moment. Do you understand?
Cedric Diggory: Harry. Take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my father.
Lily Potter: Let go. Sweetheart, you're ready. Let go... LET GO!
Dumbledore: Hogwarts, let's entertain our friends in the best way we can, all stand!
Dumbledore: Maestro, if you will!
Hogwarts student body: 'Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy warty Hogwarts, teach us something please. Whether we be old and bald or young with scabby knees. Our heads could do with filling with some interesting stuff, for now they're bare and full or air, dead flies and bits of fluff!'
Hermione: Look at this! I can't believe it, she's done it again!
Hermione: 'Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to be developing a taste for famous wizards. Her latest prey, sources report, is none other than the Bulgarian bon-bon Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry Potter's taking this latest emotional blow.'
Hermione: Harry, you told me you'd figured that egg out weeks ago! The task is two days from now!
Harry: Really? I had no idea. I suppose Viktor's already figured it out.
Hermione: Wouldn't know. We don't actually talk about the tournament. Actually, we don't really talk at all. Viktor's more of a physical being.
Hermione: I just mean he's not particularly loquacious. Mostly, he watches me study. It's a bit annoying, actually. You are trying to figure this egg out, aren't you?
Harry: What's that supposed to mean?
Hermione: It just means these tasks are designed to test you. In the most brutal way, they're almost cruel. And... I'm scared for you. You got by the dragons mostly on nerve. I'm not sure it's going to be enough this time.
Ron: I reckon you'd have to be barking mad to put your own name in the Goblet of Fire.
Harry: Caught on, have you? Took you long enough.
Ron: I wasn't the only one who thought you'd done it. Everyone was saying it behind your back.
Harry: Brilliant. That makes me feel loads better.
Ron: At least I warned you about the dragons.
Harry: Hagrid warned me about the dragons.
Ron: No, I did! Don't you remember? I told Hermione to tell you that Seamus told me that Parvati told Dean that Hagrid was looking for you! Seamus never actually told me anything, so it was really me all along. I thought we'd be alright, you know, after you figured that out.
Harry: Who... who could possibly figure that out? It's completely mental.
Ron: Yeah... it is, isn't it. I suppose I was a bit distraught.
Harry: Hermione: Boys!
Hermione: Ronald would like me to tell you that Seamus told him that Dean was told by Parvarti that Hagrid's looking for you.
Harry: Is that right? Well... what?
Hermione: Uh... Dean was told by Parvarti... please don't ask me to say it again. Hagrid's looking for you.
Harry: Well you can tell Ronald...
Hermione: I'm not an owl!
Ron: Merci...
Malfoy: Why so tense, Potter? My father and I have a bet, you see. I don't think you're going to last ten minutes in this tournament. He disagrees. He thinks you won't last five!
Harry: I don't give a damn what your father thinks, Malfoy! He's vile and cruel, and you're just pathetic!
Malfoy: Pathetic?
Professor Moody: OH NO, YOU DON'T, SONNY!
Professor Moody: I'll teach you to curse someone when their back is turned!
Professor Moody: You stinking, cowardly, scummy...
Professor McGonagall: Professor Moody!
Professor Moody: Back-shooting...
Professor McGonagall: Wha- What are you doing?
Professor Moody: Teaching.
Professor McGonagall: Is that a- Is that a student?
Professor Moody: Technically, it's a ferret.
Gregory Goyle: Stand still! Stand still!
Malfoy: My father will hear about this!
Professor Moody: Is that a threat?
Professor McGonagall: Professor Moody...
Professor Moody: IS THAT A THREAT?
Professor McGonagall: Professor...
Professor Moody: I CAN TELL YOU STORIES ABOUT YOUR FATHER THAT'LL CURL EVEN YOUR GREASY HAIR, BOY!
Professor McGonagall: Alastor!
Professor Moody: IT DOESN'T END HERE!
Professor McGonagall: Alastor! We NEVER use transfiguration as a punishment! surely, Dumbledore told you that?
Professor Moody: He might've mentioned it.
Professor McGonagall: Well, you will do well to remember it.
Professor McGonagall: Away!
Professor Moody: You. Come with me.
Professor Moody: Alastor Moody. Ex-Auror, Ministry malcontent, and your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. I am here because Dumbledore asked me. End of story, goodbye, the end! Any questions? When it comes to the Dark Arts I believe in a practical approach. But first, which of you can tell me how many Unforgivable Curses there are?
Hermione: Three, sir.
Professor Moody: And they are so named?
Hermione: Because they are unforgivable. The use of any one of them will...
Professor Moody: Earn you a one-way ticket to Azkaban. Correct. The Ministry says you are too young to see what these curses do. I say different! You need to know what you're up against. You need to be prepared...
Professor Moody: You need to find another place to put your chewing gum besides the underside of your desk, Mr. Finnegan!
Seamus: No way, the old codger can see out of the back of his head!
Professor Moody: And hear across classrooms!
Ron: Brilliant, isn't he? Completely demented, of course. Terrifying to be in the same room with him. But he's really been there, you know? He's looked evil in the eye!
Hermione: There's a reason those curses are unforgivable.
Hermione: Harry! Are you alright? You must be freezing! Personally, I think you behaved admirably.
Harry: I finished last, Hermione.
Hermione: Next to last. Fleur never got past 'ze grindylows'!
Ron: Why do you think she won't tell us who she's going to the ball with?
Harry: 'Cause she knows we'd take the mickey out of her if she did.
Ron: Ruddy pumpkin head, isn't he?
Professor Snape: Potter, what's your hurry? Congratulations. Your performance in the Black Lake was inspiring. Gilllyweed, am I correct?
Harry: Yes sir.
Professor Snape: Ingenious. A rather rare herb, Gillyweed. Not something found in your everyday garden. Nor is this.
Professor Snape: Know what it is?
Harry: Bubble juice, sir?
Professor Snape: Veritaserum. Three drops of this and You-Know-Who himself would spill his darkest secrets. The use of it on a student is, regrettably, forbidden. However, should you ever steal from my personal stores again, my hand might just slip over your morning pumpkin juice.
Harry: I haven't stolen anything.
Professor Snape: Don't lie to me! Gillyweed may be innocuous, but Boomslang skin? Lacewing flies? You and your little friends are brewing Polyjuice Potion, and believe me; I'm going to find out why!
Barty Crouch Junior: Hello, father!
Barty Crouch: You are no son of mine...
Ron: What are those?
Harry: My dress robes...
Ron: Well, those're all right! No lace, no dodgy little collar...
Harry: Well, I expect yours are more traditional...
Ron: Traditional? They're ancient! I look like my great aunt Tessie!
Ron: I smell like my great Aunt Tessie!
Harry: I didn't put my name in that cup! I don't want eternal glory, I just wanna be... look, I don't know what happened tonight and I don't know why. It just did.
Ron: Bloody hell!
Ron: They'll cover this up, you watch. Fudge'll sell his soul before this gets out in the Daily Prophet.
Harry: But why?
Ron: Look, nobody liked Crouch. I know this from my father. Loads of people wanted him dead. But, he was a Ministry Official. It's not even like he turned up stiff in Knockturn Alley. He was murdered at Hogwarts. This is a big deal.
Hermione: It can't be coincidence... Harry's dreams, his scar hurting, the Dark Mark, his name coming out of the Goblet of Fire. Surviving the Tournament isn't the answer anymore Harry. It's bigger than this. And I really think you should go to Dumbledore.
Ron: Yeah.
Ron: What do you suppose is on Karkaroff's arm?
Harry: I dunno.
Hermione: Boomslang skin and Lacewing flies... you're sure those are the two ingredients Snape mentioned?
Harry: Positive, why?
Hermione: Well, he thinks we're brewing Polyjuice Potion doesn't he?
Harry: I don't care what Snape thinks, I've got bigger problems than detention. Something's coming closer.
Harry: I can feel it.
Cornelius Fudge: For God's sake Dumbledore, what's happened?
Harry: He's back! He's back! Voldemort's back! Cedric, he asked me to bring his body back. I couldn't leave him... not there!
Dumbledore: It's all right, Harry... it's all right. He's home, you both are.
Cornelius Fudge: Keep everybody in their seats, a boy has just been killed! The body must be moved, Dumbledore, there are too many people!
Amos Diggory: Let me through. LET ME THROUGH! Let me through, THAT'S MY SON! That's my boy!
Amos Diggory: IT'S MY BOY!
Cedric Diggory: I realize I never really thanked you properly for tipping me off about those dragons.
Harry: Forget about it. I'm sure you would've done the same for me.
Cedric Diggory: Exactly. You know the Prefects' bathroom on the fifth floor? It's not a bad place for a bath. Just take your egg and... mull things over in the hot water.
Professor McGonagall: This can't go on Albus. First the dark mark, now this?
Dumbledore: What do you suggest Minerva?
Professor McGonagall: Put an end to it! Don't let Potter compete!
Dumbledore: You heard Barty. The rules are clear.
Professor McGonagall: Well the devil with Barty and his rules! And since when did you accommodate the Ministry?
Professor Snape: Headmaster I too find it difficult to believe this mere coincidence, however, if we are to truly discover the meaning of these events, perhaps we should, for the time being, let them unfold.
Professor McGonagall: Do nothing? Offer him up as bait? Potter is a boy! Not a piece of meat!
Dumbledore: I agree with Severus. Alastor, keep an eye on Harry will you?
Professor Moody: I can do that.
Dumbledore: Don't let him know though, he must be anxious enough as it is, knowing what lies ahead. Then again, we all are.
Cedric Diggory: For a moment there, I thought you were going to let it get me.
Harry: For a moment there, so did I!
Harry: 'Come seek us where our voices sound'.
Hermione: The Black Lake, that's obvious.
Harry: 'An hour long you'll have to look'.
Hermione: Again, obvious. Though admittedly potentially problematic...
Harry: Potentially problematic? When was the last time you held your breath underwater for an hour, Hermione?
Hermione: Ron, you spoiled everything!
Sirius Black: I don't have much time, Harry, so let's get right to it. Did you or did you not put your name into the Goblet of Fire?
Harry: No!
Sirius Black: Shh. I had to ask. Now tell me about this dream of yours. You mentioned Wormtail and Voldemort, but who was the third man in the room?
Harry: I dunno.
Sirius Black: You didn't hear a name?
Harry: No. Voldemort was giving him a job to do. Something important.
Sirius Black: And what was that?
Harry: He wants... me. I don't know why, but he was going to use this man to get to me. But, I mean, it was only a dream, right?
Sirius Black: Yes... it's just a dream. Look, Harry, the Death Eaters at the world cup; your name rising out of the Goblet of Fire; these are not just coincidences! Hogwarts isn't safe anymore.
Harry: What are you saying?
Sirius Black: I'm saying the devils are inside the walls. Igor Karkaroff. He was a Death Eater and no one, *no one* stops being a Death Eater. Then there's Barty Crouch. Heart of stone, sent his own son to Azkaban.
Harry: Do you think one of them put my name in the Goblet?
Sirius Black: I haven't a clue who put your name in the Goblet, Harry, but whoever did is no friend to you. People die in this tournament.
Harry: I'm not ready for this, Sirius!
Harry: You don't have a choice
Professor Moody: The Goblet of Fire is an exceptionally powerful magical object. Only an exceptionally powerful Confundus charm could have hoodwinked it! Magic way beyond the talents of a fourth year.
Igor Karkaroff: You seem to have given this a fair bit of thought, Mad-Eye!
Professor Moody: It was once my job to think as Dark Wizards do, Karkaroff. Perhaps you remember.
Professor Moody: What was it like? What was he like?
Harry: Who?
Professor Moody: The Dark Lord. What was it like to stand in his presence?
Harry: ...I dunno... It was like I'd fallen into one of my dreams. Into one of my nightmares.
Professor Moody: Were there others? In the graveyard, were there others?
Harry: ...I don't think I said anything about a graveyard, Professor.
Barty Crouch Junior: I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Seamus: What do you suppose he's got there?
Harry: I don't know, but I don't think it's pumpkin juice.
Rita Skeeter: So tell me, Harry. Here you sit, a mere boy of 12...
Harry: - I'm 14...
Rita Skeeter: - about to compete against three students who are not only vastly more emotionally mature than yourself, but who've mastered spells that you wouldn't attempt in your dizziest daydreams. Concerned?
Harry: I dunno, I haven't really thought about it...
Rita Skeeter: Because you're no ordinary boy of 12 are you?
Harry: 14.
Rita Skeeter: Your story's legend. Do you think it was the trauma of your past that made you so keen to enter such a dangerous tournament?
Harry: No, I didn't enter.
Rita Skeeter: Of course you didn't.
Rita Skeeter: Everyone loves a rebel, Harry. Speaking of your parents, were they alive, how do you think they'd feel? Proud? Or concerned that your attitude shows, at best, a pathological need for attention? The worst psychotic death wish.
Harry: Hey, my eyes aren't glistening with the ghosts of my past!
Voldemort: I'm going to kill you, Harry Potter. I'm going to destroy you. After tonight, no one will ever again question my power. After tonight if they speak of you, they'll only speak of how you begged for death. And how I being a merciful Lord... obliged.
Professor Moody: Perhaps you'd like to give us the last curse, Miss Granger?
Professor Moody: No?
Professor Moody: AVADA KEDAVRA!
Professor Moody: The Killing Curse. Only one wizard is known to have survived it. And he's sitting in this room.
Harry: You're being stupid.
Ron: Yeah, that's me. Ron Weasley, Harry Potter's stupid friend!
Hermione: Your wand, Harry! Your wand!
Professor Moody: SPOILER: Professor Moody: 'Marvelous creatures, Dragons, aren't they'. Do you think that miserable oaf would've sent you into the woods if I hadn't suggested it? Do you think Cedric Diggory would've told you to open the egg underwater if I hadn't told him first myself? Do you think Neville Longbottom, the witless wonder, could've provided you with Gillyweed if I hadn't given him the book that led him strait to it? HUH?
Harry: It was you from the beginning! You put my name into the Goblet of Fire! You bewitched Krum!
Professor Moody: But... But... But... But...
Professor Moody: You won because I made it so, Potter! You ended up in that graveyard because it was meant to be so! And now the deed is done! The blood that runs in your veins runs within the Dark Lord! Imagine how he will reward me when he learns that I have once and for all silenced the great Harry Potter!
Harry: You're sure about this, Neville?
Neville: Absolutely.
Harry: For an hour?
Neville: Most likely.
Harry: "Most likely?"
Neville: Well, there's some debate among herbologists about its effectiveness in fresh water as opposed to salt water...
Harry: You're telling me this *now*?
Padma Patil: Is that Hermione Granger with Viktor Krum?
Ron: No. Absolutely not.
Dumbledore: Send a message to Azkaban. I think they'll find they're missing a prisoner.
Barty Crouch Junior: I'll be welcomed back like a hero!
Dumbledore: Perhaps. Personally, I've never had much time for heroes.
Hermione: Harry? Is that you?
Harry: Yeah.
Hermione: How are you feeling? Ok? The key is to concentrate. After that, you just have to...
Harry: Battle a dragon.
Hermione: Rita Skeeter: Young love! How... stirring. If everything goes unfortunately today, you two may even make the front page!
Viktor Krum: You have no business here! This tent is for champions, and friends.
Rita Skeeter: No matter. We got what we wanted.
Voldemort: Awww, tsk, tsk, tsk...
Voldemort: Such a handsome boy.
Harry: Don't touch him!
Voldemort: Harry! I'd almost forgotten you were here.
Voldemort: Standing on the bones of my father. I'd introduce you, but rumor has it you're almost as famous as me these days.
Sirius Black: "Harry, I couldn't risk sending Hedwig. Since the World Cup the Ministry has been intercepting more and more owls, and she's too easily recognized. We need to talk, Harry, face to face. Meet me in the Gryffindor Common Room at one o'clock, this Saturday night. And make sure you're alone. Sirius. P.S...?
Harry: AH!
Sirius Black: "The bird bites."
Padma Patil: Don't you look... dashing.
Harry: I must be out of my mind.
Harry: I'm definitely out of my mind.
Moaning Myrtle: I'd try putting it in the water if I were you.
Harry: Myrtle!
Moaning Myrtle: Hello Harry! Long time no see! I was circling a blocked drain the other day, I could swear I saw a bit of Polyjuice Potion. Not being a bad boy again, are we?
Harry: Polyjuice Potion? Kicked the habit. Myrtle, did you say try putting it in the water?
Moaning Myrtle: That's what he did, the other boy. The handsome one. Cedric. Well go on, open it.
Harry: Voice inside the egg: Come seek us where our voices sound, we cannot sing above the ground. An hour long you'll have to look to recover what we took.
Harry: Myrtle, there aren't Merpeople in the Black Lake, are there?
Moaning Myrtle: Oh, very good. It took Cedric ages to riddle it out. Almost all the bubbles were gone...
Parvati Patil: She looks beautiful.
Harry: Yes, she does.
Harry: I just wondered if...
Harry: Ijustwanderedifmaybeyouwantedtogototheballwithme!
Cho Chang: Sorry, I didn't catch that.
Harry: I was just wondering if maybe you wanted to go to the ball with me...
Cho Chang: Oh.
Cho Chang: Harry, I'm sorry but someone's already asked me. And well, I've, I've said I'll go with him.
Harry: Okay, great, good, fine, great, no problem.
Cho Chang: Harry! I really am... sorry.
Professor McGonagall: Now, Mr. Weasley, place your right hand on my waist.
Ron: Where?
Igor Karkaroff: It's happening again, like before, and soon neither you nor anyone else will be able to deny it.
Professor Snape: I've told you already Igor, I see no reason to discuss it.
Professor Snape: Lumos! Ten points from Hufflepuff, Fawcett, and the same from Ravenclaw, Stebbins.
Igor Karkaroff: It's a sign, Severus, you know it is.
Professor Snape: Sorry, I don't know what you're talking about.
Igor Karkaroff: Really? Then perhaps you wouldn't mind rolling up your sleeve them, huh?
Igor Karkaroff: You don't fool me, Severus. You are scared. Admit it!
Professor Snape: I have nothing to be scared of, Igor. Can you say the same?
George: Ready Fred?
Fred: Ready George!
George, Fred: Bottoms up!
Harry: You're a right foul git, you know that?
Ron: You think so?
Harry: I know so!
Ron: Anything else?
Harry: Yeah, stay away from me!
Ron: Fine.
Professor Moody: Let's have another curse. C'mon, c'mon.
Professor Moody: Longbottom, isn't it? Professor Sprout tells me you have an aptitude for Herbology.
Neville: Th-there's um... the Cruciatus Curse.
Professor Moody: Correct! Correct! Particularly nasty.
Professor Moody: The torture curse. CRUCIO!
Hermione: Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering him? STOP IT!
Harry: Why are they all standing around that manky old boot?
Hagrid: I remember when I first met you all. Biggest bunch of misfits I ever set eyes on! You reminded me of myself a little. And here we all are, four years later.
Ron: We're still a bunch of misfits.
Hagrid: Well maybe. But you've all got each other. And Harry of course, soon to be THE YOUNGEST TRI-WIZARD CHAMPION THERE'S EVER BEEN! HOORAY!
Cornelius Fudge: As Minister for Magic, it gives me great pleasure to welcome each and every one of you to the Finals of the 422nd Quidditch World Cup. Let the match begin!
Voldemort: The Boy-Who-Lived. How lies have fed your legend, Harry! Do you want to know what really happened thirteen years ago? Shall I divulge how I truly lost my powers? It was love. You see, when dear sweet Lily Potter gave her life for her only son, it provided him with the ultimate protection, I could not touch him. It was old magic, something I should have foreseen. But no matter, no matter, things have changed. I CAN TOUCH YOU... NOW!
Voldemort: Astounding what a few drops of your blood will do, eh, Harry?
Neville: Amazing! Amazing!
Harry: Neville, you're doing it again.
Barty Crouch Junior: Morsmordre!
Voldemort: Don't you turn your back on me, Harry Potter! I want you to look at me when I kill you! I want to see the light leave your eyes!
Harry: Have it your way!
Voldemort, Harry: Avada Kedavara!/Expelliarmus!
Harry: Ron, where are we actually going?
Ron: Don't know...
Ron: Hey, Dad! Where are we going?
Arthur Weasley: Haven't the foggiest! Keep up!
Harry: In the graveyard, my wand and Voldemort's sort of... connected.
Dumbledore: Priori Incantatem.
Dumbledore: I never liked these curtains. I set them on fire in my fourth year. Accidentally, of course.
Voldemort: You've been taught how to duel, I presume? First we bow to each other
Voldemort: Come now, Harry, the niceties must be observed. Dumbledore would not want you to forget your manners. I said, "Bow."
Professor McGonagall: Mr. Potter, are you and Miss Patil ready?
Harry: Ready, Professor?
Professor McGonagall: To dance! It's tradition that the three champions-well in this case four- are the first to dance. Surely I told you?
Harry: No.
Professor McGonagall: Oh, well, now you know.
Malfoy: My father will hear about this!
Professor Moody: Is that a threat?
Professor McGonagall: Professor Moody...
Professor Moody: I could tell you stories about your father that would curl even your greasy hair, boy!
Professor McGonagall: Alastor!
Professor Moody: It doesn't end here!
Professor McGonagall: Alastor! We never use transfiguration as a punishment. Surely Dumbledore told you that.
Professor Moody: He might've mentioned it.
Professor McGonagall: Well you will do well to remember it.
Professor McGonagall: Away!
Professor Moody: You, come with me.
Voldemort: Welcome, my friends. Thirteen years it's been, and yet, here you stand as if it were only yesterday. I confess myself... disappointed. Not one of you tried to find me...
Voldemort: Crabbe! Macnair! Goyle! Not even you, Lucius.
Lucius Malfoy: My Lord, had I detected any sign... a whisper of your whereabouts...
Voldemort: Oh there were signs, my slippery friend, and more than whispers.
Lucius Malfoy: I assure you, my Lord, I have never renounced the old ways. The face I have been obliged to present since your... absence...
Lucius Malfoy: That is my true mask.
Arthur Weasley: Stop! That's my son!
Arthur Weasley: Ron, Harry, Hermione are you alright?
Ron: We came back for Harry.
Barty Crouch: Which of you conjured it?
Arthur Weasley: Barty, you can't be serious...
Barty Crouch: DO NOT LIE! You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!
Harry: Crime?
Arthur Weasley: Barty, they're just kids.
Harry: What crime?
Hermione: It's the Dark Mark, Harry. It's HIS Mark.
Harry: Voldemort? Those people, in the masks, they're his too aren't they? His followers.
Arthur Weasley: Death Eaters.
Barty Crouch: Follow me.
Harry: Uh, there was a man, earlier.
Harry: There.
Barty Crouch: All of you, this way!
Arthur Weasley: A man, Harry? Who was he?
Harry: I don't know. I didn't see his face.
Hermione: This is horrible! How can the ministry not know who conjured it? Wasn't there any security?
Ron: Loads, according to Dad. That's what worries them so much. It happened right under their noses.
Rita Skeeter: What a charismatic quartet! Hello, I'm Rita Skeeter. I write for the daily prophet. But, of course, you know that, don't you? It's you we don't know. You're the juicy news. What quirks lurk beneath those rosy cheeks? What mysteries do the muscles mask? Does courage lie beneath those curls? In short, what makes a champion tick? Me, myself and I want to know. Not to mention my ravid readers. So, who's feeling up to sharing? Shall we start with the youngest? Lovely.
George: Four People will go down...
Fred: But will four come up?
Ginny: Why do have to be so mean?
Karkaroff's Aide: May I have your arm?
Parvati Patil: Arm, leg, I'm yours.
Professor McGonagall: Professor Moody! What are you doing?
Professor Moody: Teaching.
Professor McGonagall: Is that a- is that a student?
Professor Moody: Technically it's a ferret.
Neville: What's wrong, Harry? You seem a little tense!
Harry: Do I?
Professor Moody: What are you going to do about your dragon?
Harry: Oh... um... well, you know, I just thought I'd...
Professor Moody: Listen to me, Potter. Your pal Diggory? By your age he could turn a whistle into a watch and have it sing you the time. Miss Delacour is as much a fairy princess as I am. As for Krum, his head may be filled with sawdust, but Karkaroff's is not. They'll have a strategy. And you can bet that it will play to Krum's strengths. Come on, Potter, what are you strengths?
Harry: I dunno... I can fly, I mean I'm a fair flyer...
Professor Moody: Better than fair the way I heard it.
Harry: But I'm not allowed a broom.
Professor Moody: You're allowed a wand...
Fred: Well done dragon!
Voldemort: Nagini tells me that the old Muggle caretaker is standing right outside the door. Step aside, Wormtail, so that I can give our guest a proper greeting. Avada Kedavra!
Professor McGonagall: Inside every girl is a swan, waiting to burst out in flight.
Ron: Something is about to burst out of Eloise Midgen, but I don't think it's a swan.
Ron: Piss off.
Harry: What's with the flower? Hagrid... have you combed your hair?
Hagrid: 'S a matter of fact I have. You might want to try the same thing now and again.
Harry: Dragons, that's the first task. They've got one for each of us.
Cedric Diggory: Are you serious? And Fleur and Krum, do they...?
Harry: Yes.
Cedric Diggory: Right. Hey, listen, about the badges. I've asked them not to wear them...
Harry: Don't worry about it.
Fred: We knew you wouldn't die, Harry!
George: Might lose a leg.
Fred: Or an arm.
George: But pack it in all together?
Fred, George: Never!
Professor Moody: So, what curse shall we see first? Weasley!
Ron: Yes?
Professor Moody: Stand!
Professor Moody: Give us a curse.
Ron: Well... my dad did tell me about one. The Imperius Curse?
Professor Moody: Oh, yeah, your dad would know all about that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time. Perhaps this will show you why.
Professor Moody: Hello, my little beauty! Engorgio.
Professor Moody: Imperio!
Professor Moody: Don't worry, she's completely harmless! If she bites... she's lethal!
Professor Moody: Talented, isn't she? What shall I have her do next? Jump out the window?
Professor Moody: Drown herself?
Professor Moody: Scores of wizards and witches claimed that they only did You-Know-Who's bidding under the effects of the Imperius Curse. But here's the rub... how do we sort out the liars?
Dumbledore: Do you know who I am? Do you?
Professor Moody: Albus Dumbledore.
Dumbledore: Are you Alastor Moody?
Professor Moody: ...no.
Dumbledore: Your attention please. I'd like to say a few words. Eternal glory! That's what awaits the student who wins The Triwizard Tournament. But to this that student must survive three tasks. Three EXTREMELY DANGEROUS tasks.
Fred, George: Wicked!
Harry: Dragons? That's the first task? You're joking!
Hagrid: Come on, Harry. They're seriously misunderstood creatures. Although, I have to admit, that Horntail is a right nasty piece of work. Poor Ron nearly fainted just seeing them, you know.
Harry: Ron was here?
Hagrid: Well sure. His brother Charlie had to bring them over from Romania. Didn't Ron tell you that?
Harry: No he didn't. He didn't tell me a thing.
Neville: You know, if you're interested in plants, you should use Goshawk's Guide To Herbology. There's someone in Tibet who's growing gravity resistant trees...
Harry: Neville, no offense, but I really don't care about plants. Now, if there's a Tibetan turnip that will help me breathe underwater for an hour, great. But otherwise...
Neville: I don't know about turnips, but you could always use gillyweed.
Professor Moody: Stupid ceiling.
Dumbledore: Well now that we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement. This castle will not only be your home this year but home to some very special guests as well. You see, Hogwarts has been chosen to host a legendary event: The Triwizard Tournament. The Tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school a single student is selected to compete. Now let me be clear. If chosen, you stand alone. And trust me when I say, these contest are not for the faint-hearted. But more of that later.
Seamus: It's not like I *try* to blow things up, exactly, it just sorta happens. You gotta admit though, fire is fascinating.
Professor Moody: That's my Foe-Glass. Lets me keep an eye on my enemies. When I see the whites of their eyes, it means they're right behind me.
Professor Moody: Wouldn't even bother to tell you what's in there, wouldn't believe me if I did.
Dumbledore: At the sound of the cannon...
Voldemort: My wand, Wormtail.
Dumbledore: People change in the maze. Oh, find the cup if you can. But be very wary; you could just lose yourselves along the way.
Dumbledore: Harry, feel free to treat yourself to a licorice snap. But be careful, they're a wee bit sharp.
Dumbledore: Curiosity is not a sin, Harry. However, from time to time, you should exercise caution.
Seamus: Blimey! That's one big woman.
Dumbledore: The Goblet of Fire! Anyone wishing to submit themselves to the tournament need only write their name upon a piece of parchment and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night. Do not do so lightly! If chosen, there's no turning back. As from this moment, The Triwizard Tournament has begun!
Hagrid: I take after my mum. Though I didn't know her very well, she left when I was about three. Broke my dad's heart, though. You know, he was a tiny little feller, my dad. I could pick him up at the age of six, with one hand, and put him up on the dresser.
Hagrid: He laughed so hard at that! And then he died, about when I started school. So I had to make my own way, so to speak... but enough about me. What about you?
Amos Diggory: Total shambles, as per usual.
Parvati Patil, Padma Patil: Hi, Harry!
Frank Bryce: Bloody kids!
Ron: That's Alastor Moody!
Barty Crouch: Chinese Fireball! Ooooo!
Professor McGonagall: Mr. Weasley, place your right hand on my waist.
Ron: What?
Harry: Is it Voldemort?
Fleur Delacour: You saved her, even though she wasn't yours to save. My little sister. Thank you!
Fleur Delacour: And you, you helped.
Ron: Yeah, yeah a bit.
Fleur Delacour: Au revoir, Ron.
Dumbledore: And now, champions in action! Viktor Krum! Fleur Delacour! Cedric Diggory! HARRY POTTER!
Padma Patil: Are you going to ask me to dance with you?
Padma Patil: No.
Barty Crouch: After much deliberation, the ministry has concluded that for their own safety. No student under the age of 17 shall be allowed to put forth their name for the Triwizard tournament. This decision is final.
Harry: Cedric, we have to get back to the cup. NOW.
Cedric Diggory: What are you talking about?
Harry: AAAAAGH!
Cedric Diggory: Harry, what is it?
Harry: Get back to the cup!
Cedric Diggory: Who are you? What do you want?
Voldemort: Kill the spare!
Peter Pettigrew: AVADA KEDAVRA!
Harry: NO! CEDRIC!
    