
Logan: So, you always were an asshole.
Charles Xavier: The past: a new and uncertain world. A world of endless possibilities and infinite outcomes. Countless choices define our fate: each choice, each moment, a moment in the ripple of time. Enough ripple, and you change the tide... for the future is never truly set.
Pietro Maximoff: They told me you control metal.
Erik Lehnsherr: "They"?
Pietro Maximoff: You know, my mom once knew a guy who could do that.
Magneto: All those years wasted fighting each other, Charles... to have a precious few of them back.
Hank McCoy: What if, whatever we do can't be changed? What if Raven will kill Trask anyway? What if that is who she is?
Charles Xavier: Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn't mean they're lost forever.
Erik Lehnsherr: I didn't kill the President.
Charles Xavier: The bullet curved, Erik.
Erik Lehnsherr: Because I was trying to save him. They took me out before I could.
Charles Xavier: Why would you try and save him?
Erik Lehnsherr: Because he was one of us.
Charles Xavier: I'm just not very good with violence...
Erik Lehnsherr: Charles.
Erik Lehnsherr: Good to see you too, old friend.
Professor X: Charles.
Charles Xavier: Charles.
Charles Xavier: Is this what becomes of us? Erik was right. Humanity does this to us.
Professor X: Not if we show them a better path.
Charles Xavier: You still believe?
Professor X: Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn't mean they're lost forever. Sometimes, we all need a little help.
Charles Xavier: I'm not the man I was. I open my mind up and it almost overwhelms me.
Professor X: You're afraid. And Cerebro knows it.
Charles Xavier: All those voices... so much PAIN.
Professor X: It's not their pain you're afraid of. It's yours, Charles. And as frightening as it can be, that pain will make you stronger. If you allow yourself to feel it, embrace it, .it will make you more powerful than you ever imagined. It's the greatest gift we have: to bear their pain without breaking. And it comes from the most human part of us: hope. Charles, we need you to hope again.
Logan: Look kid, you and I are gonna be good friends.
Logan: You just don't know it yet.
Groundskeeper: Excuse me, can I help you?
Erik Lehnsherr: No. You can't.
Logan: We need your help, Peter.
Pietro Maximoff: With what?
Logan: Breaking into a highly secured facility and get someone out.
Pietro Maximoff: Prison break? That's illegal, you know?
Logan: Only if you get caught.
Charles Xavier: You know, I think I do remember you now. Yeah... a tall angry fellow with contentious hair. We came to you a long time ago seeking your help. And I'm gonna say to you what you said to us then: fuck off!
Charles Xavier: Hank? What's going on here?
Logan: Professor?
Charles Xavier: Please don't call me that.
Hank McCoy: Why? You know this guy?
Charles Xavier: Yeah... he looks slightly familiar. Get off the bloody chandelier, Hank!
Logan: You can walk?
Charles Xavier: You're a perceptive one.
Logan: I thought Erik...
Charles Xavier: Which makes it slightly that you managed to miss our sign on the way in. This is private property, my friend...
Charles Xavier: ...I'm going to have to ask him to ask you to leave.
Logan: Well, I'm afraid I can't do that because, uh... because I was sent here for you.
Charles Xavier: Well, tell whoever it was that sent you that I'm... busy.
Logan: Well, that's gonna be a little tricky. Because the person who sent me, was you.
Charles Xavier: What?
Logan: About fifty years from now.
Charles Xavier: About fifty years from now? Like, in the future "fifty years from now"?
Logan: Yeah.
Charles Xavier: I sent you from the future?
Logan: Yeah.
Charles Xavier: Piss off.
Hank McCoy: I probably shouldn't be asking this sort of thing... but in the future, do I make it?
Logan: No.
Logan: But we can change that, right?
Erik Lehnsherr: We have fifteen seconds before the door open, and then guards will come through that door.
Pietro Maximoff: Should be fun. I'm holding you so you won't get whiplash.
Erik Lehnsherr: What?
Pietro Maximoff: Whip... lash.
Hank McCoy: He is fascinating!
Charles Xavier: He's a pain in the ass.
Charles Xavier: You poor, poor man...
Logan: Look past me.
Charles Xavier: No... I don't want your suffering, I don't want your future!
Logan: Look past my future... Look for YOUR future... That's it...
Peter's Little Sister: I'm a princess. What are you?
Logan: I'm the Wolverine.
Logan: Where's your brother?
Ms. Maximoff: Go upstairs and bug your sister.
Peter's Little Sister: But she bugs me!
Charles Xavier: When did you last see her?
Erik Lehnsherr: The day I left for Dallas.
Charles Xavier: And how was she?
Erik Lehnsherr: Strong. Driven. Loyal.
Charles Xavier: How... how was she?
Erik Lehnsherr: She was... We were... I could see why she meant so much to you. You should be proud of her, Charles. She's out there fighting for our cause.
Charles Xavier: YOUR cause. The girl I raised, she was not capable of killing.
Erik Lehnsherr: You didn't raise her. You grew up with her. She couldn't stay a little girl forever. That's why she left.
Charles Xavier: She left because you got inside her head.
Erik Lehnsherr: That's not MY power.
Professor X: So many battles waged over the years... and yet, none like this. Are we destined to destroy each other, or can we change each other and unite? Is the future truly set?
Logan: Listen to me, you piece of shit! I watched a lot of good people die, and I came back to stop that from happening!
Charles Xavier: We all gotta die sometime.
Hank McCoy: I told you, there's no professor here.
Logan: So I wake up in my younger body, God knows where, and then what?
Professor X: You'll need to go to my house and find me. Convince me of all this.
Logan: Won't you be able to read my mind?
Professor X: I didn't have my powers in 1973. Logan, you're going to have to do for me what I once did for you: lead me, guide me. I was a very different man then. You'll have to be patient with me.
Logan: Patience isn't my strongest suit.
Magneto: You'll need me as well.
Logan: What?
Magneto: After Mystique left Charles, she came with me, and I set her on a dangerous path, a darker path. It's going to take the two of us, side by side at a time when we couldn't be further apart.
Logan: Great. So where do I find you?
Magneto: Well, it's complicated...
Professor X: The future: a dark, desolate world. A world of war, suffering, loss on both sides. Mutants, and the humans who dared to help them, fighting an enemy we cannot defeat. Are we destined down this path, destined to destroy ourselves like so many species before us? Or can we evolve fast enough to change ourselves... change our fate? Is the future truly set?
Raven: So Erik was telling the truth. You're really from the future.
Hank McCoy: Well, if you kill Trask, there'll be ten more like him.
Raven: Well then I'll kill them too, and anyone who comes next!
Logan: Let's just cut to the chase here, all right? You want to know how all this ends? Because I've seen you in the future!
Raven: Yeah? What am I like?
Logan: You're a cold murderous bitch!
Hank McCoy: Whoa!
Raven: Well, don't hold back!
Logan: By the time they finish you - and they finish you - you've killed so much you're knee-deep in human AND mutant blood, you don't even know who you are!
Pietro Maximoff: Do you know karate?
Erik Lehnsherr: I don't know karate. But I know crazy.
Kitty Pryde: Basically, your body will go to sleep while your mind travels back in time. As long as you're back there, past and present will continue to coexist. But once you wake up, whatever you've done will take hold and become history. And for the rest of us it'll be the only history that we know. It'll be like the last fifty years never happened, in this world, in this war. The only person who will remember it is you. All right, Logan, I need to you clear head and to stay as calm as possible.
Professor X: Mutants, we now find ourselves on the edge of extinction.
Charles Xavier: You don't understand, it's not a question of being rusty! I can flip the switches, I can turn the knobs, but my power doesn't comes from here...
Charles Xavier: It comes from here. And it's broken... I feel like one of my students, helpless... It was a mistake coming down here. It was a mistake freeing Erik. This whole thing has been one, bloody mistake! I'm sorry, Logan, but they sent back the wrong man!
Logan: You're right. I am... Actually, it was supposed to be you. But I was the only one who could physically make the trip. And, uh, I don't know how long I've got here... But I do know, that a long time ago - actually a long time from now - I was your most helpless student, and you unlocked my mind. YOU showed me what I was, you showed me who I could be. I don't know how to do that for you; you're right, I don't... but I know someone who might. Look into my mind.
Charles Xavier: You saw what I did to Cerebro. You don't want me inside your head.
Logan: There's no damage you can do that hasn't already been done, trust me.
Logan: I know a guy. He can get into anywhere.
Hank McCoy: A teleporter?
Logan: No, he's just fast.
Raven: What's the matter, baby? You don't think I look pretty like this?
Erik Lehnsherr: How did you lose them?
Charles Xavier: The treatment for my spine affects my DNA.
Erik Lehnsherr: You sacrificed your powers so you could walk?
Charles Xavier: I sacrificed my powers so that I could sleep!... What do you know about it?
Erik Lehnsherr: I've lost my fair share.
Charles Xavier: Hah! Dry your eyes, Erik. Doesn't justify what you've done.
Erik Lehnsherr: You have no idea what I've done.
Charles Xavier: I know that you took the things that mean the most to me.
Erik Lehnsherr: Well, maybe you should have fought harder for them!
Charles Xavier: If you want to fight, Erik, then I will give you a fight!
Logan: Sit down!
Erik Lehnsherr: Let him come.
Charles Xavier: You abandoned me! You took her away, and you abandoned me!
Erik Lehnsherr: Angel. Azazel. Emma. Banshee. Mutant brothers and sisters, all dead!
Erik Lehnsherr: Countless others, experimented on, butchered!
Hank McCoy: Erik!
Erik Lehnsherr: Where were you, Charles? We were supposed to protect them! Where were you when your own people needed you? Hiding! You and Hank! Pretending to be something you're not!
Hank McCoy: Erik!
Erik Lehnsherr: You abandoned us ALL!
Professor X: What's the last thing you remember?
Logan: Drowning...
Hank: Morning, Logan. Late start?
Charles Xavier: You're on acid... somebody gave you really bad acid...
Charles Xavier: Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls! This is a code red situation! We are evacuating the entire floor, so that we - my, uh
Charles Xavier: ... associate and I can, uh, secure the prisoner.
Surveillance Guard #1: Who are you?
Charles Xavier: We are... special operations CBFECI... C. Look: perhaps you didn't hear me when first I spoke, but it's *imperative* that you understand we are in *complete* lock down situation. We have to get you to the third floor...
Logan: Oh, I'm sorry. Were you finished?
Raven: Get out of my head, Charles!
Charles Xavier: Raven, please do not make us the enemy today.
Raven: Look around you, we already are!
Charles Xavier: Not all of us, Raven. All you've done so far is save the lives of these men. You can show them a better path.
Hank McCoy: Shut her down, Charles!
Charles Xavier: I've been trying to control you since the day we met, and look where that's got us... everything that happens now is in your hands. I have faith in you, Raven.
Charles Xavier: He's being held hundred floors under the most heavily guarded building on the planet.
Logan: Why is he in there?
Charles Xavier: Oh, he forgot to mention you?
Hank McCoy: Uh, JFK.
Logan: He killed...?
Charles Xavier: How else would you explain a bullet miraculously curving through the air? Erik always had his way with guns.
Erik Lehnsherr: If you let them have me, I'm as good as dead. You know that.
Charles Xavier: I know.
Erik Lehnsherr: Goodbye, old friend.
Charles Xavier: Goodbye, Erik.
Hank McCoy: Are you sure you should let them go?
Charles Xavier: Yes. I have hope for them. There's going to be a time, Hank, when we're all together.
Erik Lehnsherr: You built these weapons to destroy us. Why? Because you are afraid of our gifts. Because we are different. Humanity has always feared that which is different. Well, I'm here to tell you, to tell the world, you're right to fear us! We are the future! We are the ones who will inherit this earth! And anyone who stands in our way will suffer the same fate as these men you see before you! Today was meant to be a display of your power. Instead, I give you a glimpse of the devastation my race can unleash upon yours! Let this be a warning to the world. And to my mutant brothers and sisters out there, I say this: no more hiding. No more suffering. You have lived in the shadows in shame and fear for too long. Come out. Join me. Fight together in a brotherhood of our kind! A new tomorrow, that starts today!
Logan: What happened to the School?
Hank McCoy: It's been shut for years. Are you a parent?
Logan: I sure as hell hope not! Who are you?
Hank McCoy: I'm Hank, Hank McCoy. I look after the house now.
Logan: You're Beast? Look at you. I guess you're a late bloomer.
Hank McCoy: I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Logan: So where's the Professor?
Hank McCoy: There's no Professor here!
Logan: You're pretty strong for a scrawny kid. Come on, sure there's not a little Beast in there?
Hank McCoy: No! He's not here!
Logan: Come on, Beast. Come on, Beastie...
Hank McCoy: No!
President Nixon: You want to make a statement? Kill me, fine! But spare everyone else!
Erik Lehnsherr: Very heroic, Mr. President. But you have no intention of sparing any of us. The future of our species begins now!
Erik Lehnsherr: You used to be a better shot.
Raven: Trust me. I still am.
Charles Xavier: I'll do it, to save her. Not for your future whatever.
Logan: Fair enough.
Pietro Maximoff: Mind the glass.
Professor X: Logan, don't you have a class to teach?
Logan: A class... to... teach?
Professor X: Aye, history.
Logan: History... Well, actually I could use some help with that.
Professor X: Help with what?
Logan: Pretty much everything since 1973.
Logan: I think the history I know is a little bit different.
Professor X: Welcome back.
Logan: It's good to see you, Charles. It's good to see all of you.
Professor X: Well, I had a promise to keep. You and I have a lot of catching up to do.
Erik Lehnsherr: So much for being a survivor.
Logan: In the beginning the Sentinels were just targeting mutants. Then they began to identify the genetics in non-mutants who'd eventually have mutant children or grandchildren, and they started targeting everyone. Many of the humans tried to help us, it was a slaughter... leaving only the worst of humanity in charge. I've been in a lot of wars, I've never seen anything like this. And it all starts with her.
Kitty Pryde: Too late, assholes!
Logan: Here's how this is going to play out, you're going to give me your keys and cash for gas.
Pinstripe Mafioso: Why, because you're from the future?
Logan: No, because of THESE.
Logan: Use your power. Bring the X-Men together. Guide us, lead us...
Raven: If I see so much as a screw move I will jam this into your throat.
Erik Lehnsherr: How did you find me?
Raven: You taught me well.
Erik Lehnsherr: It's been a long time since we were this close. I missed you.
Raven: You tried to kill me.
Erik Lehnsherr: So the rest of us could live.
Raven: What do you mean?
Erik Lehnsherr: We received a message from the future.
Raven: Don't lie to me!
Erik Lehnsherr: I never have, and I never will! Humans use your blood, your genes, to create a weapon that wipes us all out. I was only doing what I felt necessary to secure our future.
Raven: So what's to stop me from killing YOU right now and securing MY future?
Erik Lehnsherr: Nothing. Doesn't matter any more. They have your DNA. Your blood was on the street.
Raven: Whose fault was that?
Erik Lehnsherr: Mine. I've seen their plans. They're creating a weapon, and now they have what they need to take it further. We have to strike now, while we still hold the upper hand.
Raven: I've seen too many friends die, Erik. I don't want a war, I only want the man who murdered them.
Erik Lehnsherr: This IS war. What happened to you? Did you lose your way while I was gone? Are you still Charles's Raven... or are you Mystique?
Raven: Trask is the enemy.
Erik Lehnsherr: Killing one man isn't enough.
Raven: It never was for you. Goodbye, Erik.
Bolivar Trask: There is a new enemy out there: mutants. You need a new weapon for this war.
Erik Lehnsherr: Do what you were made for!
Hank McCoy: I rigged up this communications device to allow us to see all the networks America is airing!
Logan: Wow, all three networks.
Hank McCoy: And PBS!
Hank McCoy: The power's back on.
Charles Xavier: Yes. Yes, it is.
Logan: Whatever happens from now, promise me one thing. Storm, Scott, Jean... you'll look out for these names and protect them.
Charles Xavier: I'll do my best, Logan.
Bolivar Trask: How old is your son now, Major?
Maj. Bill Stryker: Jason? He's coming up on ten now, if you can believe it.
Bolivar Trask: Eight years from fighting age. And how many of our sons and brothers did we just ship home in body bags? Maybe fifty, fifty five thousand? And how many more on the other side? Never before, in all of human history, has there been a cause which could unite us as a species... until now.
Maj. Bill Stryker: You hardly hate mutants, Doctor, don't you?
Bolivar Trask: On the contrary, I rather admire them, the things they can do. I see mutants as our salvation.
Maj. Bill Stryker: A common enemy?
Bolivar Trask: A common struggle against the ultimate enemy... extinction.
Erik Lehnsherr: I take it we're best buddies in the future?
Logan: I spent a lot of years trying to bring you down, bub.
Erik Lehnsherr: How's that work out for you?
Logan: ...You're like me. You're a survivor.
Bolivar Trask: When you sent our soldiers to Vietnam without the proper weapons to win the war, you underestimated your enemy. Do it with this enemy and it won't be some skirmish halfway across the globe. This time, it will be for our homes, our streets and by the time you see the need for my program, it'll been too late and you would've lost two wars in one lifetime.
Erik Lehnsherr: Imagine if they were metal...
Raven: I know what I have to do. It's us, or them...
Blink: Time's up!
Charles Xavier: I'm going to keep you safe. I'm going to keep you out of their hands.
Raven: Erik?
Charles Xavier: Erik... what are you doing?
Erik Lehnsherr: Securing our future. Forgive me, Mystique. As long as you're out there, we'll never be safe.
Hank McCoy: Erik...
Raven: Use your power, Charles. Stop him.
Charles Xavier: I...
Raven: He can't.
Charles Xavier: You'd be giving Trask exactly what he wants, a reason for humanity to fear and hate us...
Raven: You think they need a reason?
Raven: Do you honestly think they'll ever be able to see me like this, and feel anything but fear? YOU can't even look at me!
Magneto: Charles, are you sure this will work?
Professor X: I have complete faith in him.
Magneto: It's not him I'm worried about. It's us. We were younger, more brash. We didn't know any better.
Professor X: We will now.
Magneto: Charles, this might actually work.
Logan: We're gonna need Magneto...
Charles Xavier: That man is a monster! He is held hundred floors beneath THE most heavily guarded building in the world.
Logan: If you had your powers you'd know I was telling the truth.
Charles Xavier: How do you know I don't have...
Charles Xavier: Who are you?
Logan: I told you.
Charles Xavier: Are you CIA?
Logan: No.
Charles Xavier: Have you been watching me?
Logan: I know you, Charles. We've been friends for years. I know your powers came when you were nine. I know you thought you were going crazy when it started; all the... voices in your head, and it wasn't until you were 12 that you realized the voices were in everyone else's head. Do you want me to go on?
Charles Xavier: I never told anyone that.
Logan: Not yet, no, but... you will.
Charles Xavier: All right, you've piqued my interest. What do you want?
Logan: We have to stop Raven. I need your help. We need your help.
Charles Xavier: I think I'd like to wake up now...
Hank McCoy: What does she have to do with this?
Crowd: En Sabah Nur! En Sabah Nur! En Sabah Nur! En Sabah Nur!
Raven: I don't blame Erik for trying to kill me. I would have done the same thing.
Senator Brickman: We can't support a weapon that targets our own citizens. If these Mutants as you describe are living here, they are living here peacefully!
Bishop: We can't stop that many!
Storm: No. But we can slow them down!
Bolivar Trask: Sentinels that transform. Can you imagine the possibilities?
Professor X: Raven was a dear friend of mine...
Kitty Pryde: What happened?
Professor X: I drove her away.
Raven: I can hide, like you. But what about the ones who can't? I saw them in Vietnam. It's hard to hide your powers when you're getting shot at. The ones who couldn't hide, became lab rats for Trask!
Logan: You okay?
Charles Xavier: When this goes... this comes back!
Cop: What name should we give him, sir?
Maj. Bill Stryker: Just put down X.
Bobby: You won't have much time in the past, the Sentinels will find us. They always do.
Kitty Pryde: And this time we won't be able to run, we'll have no escape. This is our last chance.
Bolivar Trask: This was acquired from our friends in the CIA. It's a dissertation written by a mutant at Oxford University and I quote: "To Homo Neanderthalensus, his mutant cousin Homo Sapiens, which is us, was an aberration. The arrival of the mutation human species, Homo Sapiens, was followed by the immediate extinction of their less evolved kin." Well, now WE are the Neanderthal.
Magneto: I've been on that slab before. Let me show you how it feels!
Pinstripe Mafioso: You were supposed to guard the boss's daughter, not screw her!
Logan: I didn't do sleep with her!... Okay I slept with her many times.
Pietro Maximoff: I saw your flight plan in the cockpit. Why are you going to Paris?
Bolivar Trask: What the hell are you doing? I didn't tell you to activate them!
Maj. Bill Stryker: I didn't.
President Nixon: I would have questions that need to be answered. I think we now know some of these mutants are on our side. Take Trask into custody.
Logan: You have any good news?
Kitty Pryde: Well, you don't really age so you'll pretty much look the same.
Charles Xavier: Hank... could you help me upstairs?
Hank McCoy: Are you sure about this?
Charles Xavier: Absolutely not.
Logan: You can walk?
Charles Xavier: Aren't you the clever one.
Raven: I have compassion... just not for Trask. He's murdered too many of us.
President Nixon: Fuck me!
Charles Xavier: You must think me so foolish. We've always said they would come after us.
Erik Lehnsherr: I never imagined they'd use Raven's DNA to do it.
Kitty Pryde: Where's Bobby?
Rogue: I'm sorry, Kitty.
Rogue: Hello, Logan.
Hank McCoy: Is Cerebro out of the question?
Logan: If only you guys had Internet.
Hank McCoy: What's 'Internet'? We have a phone book.
Cop: What do you want us to do with him, sir?
Maj. Bill Stryker: I'll take it from here.
Logan: Patience isn't exactly my strongest suit.
Worker: Can I help you?
Magneto: No...
Logan: "You want to pick that shit up?"     