
Title Card: This story is based upon the true story of María, Quique, Lucas, Tomás and Simón.
Title Card: On December 26th, 2004, the deadliest tsunami on record hit the South East Coast of Asia. The lives of countless families all over the world changed forever. This is the true story of one of those families.
Bellhop: And you, you don't work?
Maria Bennett: I'm a doctor. I'm not practicing right now. Just taking care of the kids.
Bellhop: I see, you got promoted.
Maria Bennett: Lucas, look at this place. They're so busy in here. You get to go and do something. Go help people. You're good at it.
Old Woman: Some of those stars have been burnt out for a long, long time. They're dead, but once they were so bright that their light is still travelling through space. We can still see them.
Lucas Bennett: How can you tell which one is dead and which one is not?
Old Woman: No, you can't, it's impossible. It's a beautiful mystery, isn't it?
Henry Bennett: But you know, you know, the most scary bit for me?
Thomas Bennett: When the water hit?
Henry Bennett: No. After that, when I came up, I was on my own. That was the scariest part. And when I saw the two of you clinging to the tree, I didn't feel so scared anymore. I knew I wasn't on my own. You see?
Henry Bennett: Did you set the alarm before we left?
Maria Bennett: Yeah, it was the last thing I did.
Henry Bennett: No, I was the last one to leave. I was the last one to leave, and I'm sure I didn't set it.
Maria Bennett: No darling, I was the last one out, and I did. I promise.
Henry Bennett: You sure?
Maria Bennett: Yup.
Henry Bennett: K.
Henry Bennett: No, no, I was the last one, 'cause I went back in, and that means the alarm is not set, 'cause I didn't set it.
Maria Bennett: Well, um, I guess that means we'll be coming home to a large bunch of hippies sleeping in our bed.
Henry Bennett: What, just like your old college days?
Maria Bennett: You're so bossy.
Lucas Bennett: I wonder who I take after.
Lucas Bennett: I thought I was a brave kid, Mum...! I'm scared!
Maria Bennett: Shhh...!
Maria Bennett: I'm scared, too...!
Lucas Bennett: Is it over...?
Lucas Bennett: Is it over...?
Maria Bennett: I don't know...! I don't know...!     