
Coraline Jones: How can you walk away from something and then come towards it?
Cat: Walk around the world.
Coraline Jones: Small world.
Other Father: Makin' up a song about Coraline/ She's a peach, she's a doll, she's a pal of mine/ She's as cute as a button in the eyes of everyone who's ever laid their eyes on Coraline/ When she comes around exploring/ Mom and I will never ever make it boring/ Our eyes will be on Coraline!
Coraline Jones: I can see you don't have button eyes, but... if you're the same cat, how can you talk?
Cat: I just can.
Cat: You realize you're walking right into her trap.
Coraline Jones: I have to go back. They are my parents.
Cat: Challenge her, then. She may not play fair, but she won't refuse. She's got a *thing* for games.
Coraline Jones: Why does she want me?
Cat: She wants something to love, I think. Something that isn't her. Or, maybe she'd just love something to eat.
Coraline Jones: Eat? That's ridiculous, mothers don't eat... daughters.
Cat: I don't know. How do you taste?
Other Mother: Don't leave me! Don't leave me! I'll die without you!
Coraline Jones: You think they're trying to poison me?
Mr. Bobinsky: Caroline, wait! The mice asked me to give you message.
Coraline Jones: The jumping mice?
Mr. Bobinsky: They are saying, "Do not go through little door." Do you know such a thing?
Coraline Jones: The one behind the wallpaper? But it's all bricked up.
Mr. Bobinsky: Ah. So sorry, is nothing. Sometimes the mice are little mixed up. They even get your name wrong, you know? They call you "Coraline" instead of "Caroline." Not "Caroline" at all! Maybe I work them too hard.
Sweet Ghost Girl: She spied on our lives through the little doll's eyes...
Ghost Boy: ...and saw that we weren't happy.
Tall Ghost Girl: So she lured us away with treasures and treats...
Sweet Ghost Girl: And games to play.
Ghost Boy: Gave all that we asked...
Sweet Ghost Girl: Yet we still wanted more.
Tall Ghost Girl: So we let her sew the buttons.
Ghost Boy: She said she loved us.
Tall Ghost Girl: But she locked us here...
Sweet Ghost Girl, Tall Ghost Girl, Ghost Boy: And ate up our lives.
Coraline Jones: I think I heard someone calling you... Wyborn.
Wybie Lovat: What? I didn't hear anything.
Coraline Jones: Oh, I definitely heard someone... Why-were-you-born.
Coraline Jones: Oh my twitchy, witchy girl. I think you are so nice. I give you bowls of porridge. I give you bowls of ice... cream. I give you lots of kisses. I give you lots of hugs. But I never give you sandwiches with grease and worms and mung... beans.
Wybie Lovat: I'm Wybie. Wybie Lovat.
Coraline Jones: Wybie?
Wybie Lovat: Short for Wyborn. Not my idea, of course. What'd you get saddled with?
Coraline Jones: I wasn't 'saddled' with anything. It's Coraline.
Wybie Lovat: Caroline what?
Coraline Jones: Coraline. Coraline Jones.
Wybie Lovat: Hm. It's not real scientific, but I heard an ordinary name like Caroline can lead people to have ordinary expectations about a person.
Other Father: All will be swell, soon as Mother's refreshed. Her strength is our strength...
Other Father: Mustn't... talk when Mother's not here.
Coraline Jones: If you won't even talk to me, I'm gonna find the other Wybie. He'll help me.
Other Father: No point.
Other Father: He pulled a loooong face... and Mother didn't like it.
Coraline Jones: Wybie's got a cat like you at home. Not the quiet Wybie, the one that talks too much. You must be the Other Cat.
Cat: No... I'm not the other anything. I'm me.
Coraline Jones: I almost fell down a well yesterday, Mom.
Mother: Uh-huh.
Coraline Jones: I would've died.
Mother: That's nice.
Ghost Boy: Don't remember our names, but I 'member my true mommy.
Miss Forcible: Well, not to worry, child: It's good news. There's a tall, handsome beast in your future.
Coraline Jones: A what?
Miss Spink: Miriam, really, you're holding it wrong. See? Danger!
Coraline Jones: What do you see?
Miss Spink: I see a very peculiar hand.
Miss Forcible: I see a giraffe.
Miss Spink: Giraffes don't just fall from the sky, Miriam.
Coraline Jones: Well, what should I do?
Miss Spink: Never wear green in your dressing room.
Miss Forcible: Acquire a very tall step-ladder.
Other Mr. Bobinsky: You think winning game is good thing? You just go home and be bored and neglected, same as always. Stay here with us. We will listen to you, and laugh with you. If you stay here, you can have whatever you want... always.
Coraline Jones: You don't get it, do you?
Other Mr. Bobinsky: I don't understand.
Coraline Jones: Of course you don't understand. You're just a copy she made of the real Mr. B.
Other Mr. Bobinsky: Not even that... anymore...
Ghost Boy: T'ain't all bad, miss. Thou art alive. Thou art still liviing.
Sweet Ghost Girl: Be clever, Miss. Even if you win, she'll never let you go!
Mother: Coraline, why don't you visit downstairs? I bet those actresses would love to hear your dream.
Coraline Jones: Miss Spink and Forcible? But you said they're dingbats!
Mother: Mm-hm.
Cat: You probably think this world is a dream come true. But you're wrong. The other Wybie told me so.
Coraline Jones: That's nonsense. He can't talk.
Cat: Perhaps not to you. We cats, however, have far superior senses than humans, and can see and smell and... Shh! I hear something. Right over...
Coraline Jones: He's not drunk, Mom, he's just eccentric.
Coraline Jones: I want to be with my real Mom and Dad. I want you to let me go!
Other Mother: Is that any way to talk to your Mother?
Coraline Jones: You aren't my Mother.
Other Mother: Apologize at once, Coraline!
Coraline Jones: No!
Mr. Bobinsky: I am the Amazing Bobinsky! But you- call me Mr. B. Because, amazing, I already know that I am.
Coraline Jones: Welcome, Miss Lovat!
Wybie's Grandmother: Oh, hello.
Coraline Jones: I'm Coraline Jones. I've got so much to tell you.
Tall Ghost Girl: Hush, and shush, for the beldam might be listening.
Other Mother: Black is traditional.
Other Mother: They say even the proudest spirit can be broken... with love.
Coraline Jones: Come ON!... She'll just hurt you again!
Coraline Jones: One boring blue boy, in a painfully-boring painting... three boring windows... and no more doors.
Other Mother: You know that I love you.
Coraline Jones: You...
Coraline Jones: ...have a really funny way of showing it.
Mr. Bobinsky: Have beet, make you strong.
Wybie Lovat: The... the doll is my grandma's... spy?
Coraline Jones: She has this other world where everything is better, the food, the garden the...
Coraline Jones: the NEIGHBORS! But it's all a trap!
Wybie Lovat: Yeah, uh, listen Jonesy, I think someone's calling me...
Coraline Jones: Don't believe me? You can ask the cat!
Other Mother: You know, you could stay forever, if you want to. There's one tiny thing we have to do first...
Coraline Jones: Crazy? You're the jerk wad that gave me the doll!
Other Mother: Maybe they got bored with you and moved to France.
Other Father: So sharp, you won't feel a thing...
Cat: I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
Toy #2: I wanna hug yo' face!
Coraline Jones: I can't believe it. You and Dad get paid to write about plants, and you hate dirt.
Other Mother: I thought you'd like him more if he talked a little less. So I fixed him.
Coraline Jones: Oh my god.
Coraline Jones: You are NOT my mother.
Wybie Lovat: Whoa! Check out Slugzilla!
Other Mother: You may come out... when you've learned to be a loving daughter!
Coraline Jones: I didn't know I had another mother.
Other Mother: Of course you do. Everyone does.
Coraline Jones: Hello? Who's there?
Coraline Jones: I already know where you've hidden them.
Other Mother: Hmm... Well, then produce them.
Coraline Jones: They're behind that door.
Other Mother: Oh they are, are they?
Cat: There!
Coraline Jones: Mom... Dad!... Go on! Open it. They'll be there alright.
Other Mother: You're wrong, Coraline... they aren't there. Now, you're going to stay here forever.
Coraline Jones: NO, I'M, NOT!
Ghost Boy: Thou art alive... thou art still living.
Coraline Jones: She's practically naked!
Coraline Jones: M-my father doesn't play piano.
Other Father: No need to. This piano plays me...
Tall Ghost Girl: You're in terrible danger, girl!
Coraline Jones: uh, it didn't hurt did it, when she...?
Coraline Jones: So, he can't talk AT ALL? I like it!
Coraline Jones: Why'd you lock the door again?
Mel Jones: Oh, I found some rat crap and I thought you might... feel safer.
Coraline Jones: Evil witch! I'm not scared!
Mother: How dare you disobey your mother!
Charlie Jones: Ooh, here comes a burp!
Mel Jones: Charlie!
Charlie Jones: Excusez-moi but that pizza I had was delicious.     