
Lucy: Daddy, did God made for you to be like this or was it an accident?
Sam: Ok, what do you mean?
Lucy: I mean you're different.
Sam: But what do you mean?
Lucy: You're not like other daddies.
Sam: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry.
Lucy: It's ok, daddy. It's ok. Don't be sorry. I'm lucky. Nobody else's daddy ever comes to the park.
Sam: Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, we are lucky. Aren't we lucky? Yeah!
Sam: OK, remember when Paul McCartney wrote the song "Michelle" and then he only wrote the first part, Annie said. And then he gave that part to John Lennon, and he wrote the part that said, "I love you, I love you, I love you." And Annie said that it wouldn't have been the same song without that... and that's why the whole world cried when the Beatles broke up on April 10, 1970.
Sam: Yeah, but I tried, I tried hard.
Rita: Try harder!
Sam: Yeah, but you don't know, you don't know!
Rita: I don't know WHAT?
Sam: Yeah, you don't know what is like when you try, and you try, and you try, and you try, and you don't ever get there! Because you were born perfect and I was born like this, and you're perfect!
Rita: Oh, is that right?
Sam: People like you don't know...
Rita: People like me?
Sam: People like you don't know what is like to get hurted. Because you don't have feelings. People like you don't feel anything!
Rita: I just don't know what to call you: retarded, mentally retarded, mentally handicapped, mentally disabled, intellectually handicapped, intellectually disabled, developementally disabled...
Sam: You can call me Sam.
Rita: Now, Ms. Cossell, in all the time that you've known them, have you ever questioned Sam's ability as a father?
Annie: Never.
Rita: Never?
Annie: Never. Look at Lucy. She's strong. She displays true empathy for people, all kinds of people. I know that you all think she's as smart as she is despite him, but it's because of him.
Rita: So what you're saying is you don't worry about Lucy's future?
Annie: No, I do.
Rita: Ah...
Annie: I worry all the time. I worry if they take Lucy away from her father they will take away an enormous piece of her, and I worry that she will spend the rest of her life trying to fill that hole.
Lucy: I won't read the word!
Sam: I'm your father and I'm telling you to read the word. Cause I can tell you to because I'm your father.
Lucy: I'm stupid.
Sam: You are not stupid!
Lucy: Yes, I am.
Sam: No, you are not stupid 'cause you can read that word.
Lucy: I don't wanna read it if you can't.
Sam: No, because it makes me happy! It makes me happy hearing you read. Yeah, it makes me happy when you're reading.
Lucy: Lucy: Why are men bald?
Sam: Sometimes they're bald because their head is shiny and they don't have hair on it. So their head is just more of their face.
Sam: Lucy doesn't need me anymore. She has a new family now... and she doesn't need me anymore.
Rita: Is that what she said?
Sam: It's because I know that. Because I just know that.
Rita: Well. That's the first stupid thing I've ever heard you say.
Lucy: All you need is love.
Rita: You think you've got the market cornered on human suffering? Let me tell you something about people like me. People like me feel lost, and little, and ugly, and dispensable. People like me have husbands, screwing other people far more perfect than me. People like me have sons who hate them. And I've screamed, I've screamed horrible things at him, at a 7 year old because he doesn't want to get in the car at the end of the day! And then he looks at me with such anger and I hate him then! I know I'm failing you! I know I'm disappointing you! I know you deserve better but get in the fucking car! It's like every morning I wake up and, I fail. And I look around and everybody seems to be pulling it off, but I-I-I can't! No matter how hard I try. Somehow, I'll never be enough.
Sam: You think what they think.
Rita: It doesn't matter what I think. It matters that we win.
Sam: No, you think what they think. You think Sam can't take care of Lucy!
Rita: Sam, it doesn't matter what I think!
Sam: It matters to me!
Sam: You've grown.
Lucy: Have I?
Sam: Yeah, 'cause your ears are bigger and your eyes are older.
Joe: Do we get a balloon with these?
Shoe Salesman: ...Yeah
Robert: All of us or just her?
Rita: Sam, I worry. I worry sometimes.
Sam: Yeah... do you worry that you did something wrong?
Rita: No. I worry that I've gotten more out of this relationship than you.
Conner Rhodes: Why does your father act like a retard?
Lucy: He is.
Rita: You answer in one sentence.
Ifty: I answer in one sentence. Short and sweet. Tim Curry was a "Sweet Tranvestite" in the 'Rocky Horror Picture Show'
Rita: You better make that one word.
Brad: I think you should sound like, a normal person... from the heart! From... the... heart!
Ifty: From the heart
Sam: This argh okay hello thank you for calling this is Saaaaaaaam
Ifty: Wow!
Brad: I feel that was a very thouching moment right there.
Ifty: I, I, I, I felt that one
Sam: High five!
All: High five!
Lucy: I want no other daddy but you.
Lucy: Did you hear that? I said I didn't want any other daddy but him. Why don't you write that down?
Sam: You're going a little faster than everybody else. I was wondering if you noticed that.
Ifty: Yeah. It's an outgoing message so I think you need to sound a little more outgoing.
Rita: Can you grasp the concept of manipulating the truth... not lying, just a little tweak here and there?
Sam: No.
Rita: Sam, you gotta be firm on this.
Rita: It's just... I've never lost at anything.
Rita: Home.
Phone Voice: Dialing office.
Rita: HOME!
Phone Voice: Dialing office.
Rita: HOME, GODDAMN IT!
Phone Voice: Dialing Dr. Sloan.
Conner Rhodes: Are you a retard too?
Lucy: No!
Conner Rhodes: How do you know?
Lucy: Because he told me.
Conner Rhodes: But he's a retard!
Lucy: It takes one to know one.
Rita: On the Porsche the door handle is a little hidden by that thingamajig, so if you're having trouble finding it...
Annie: NO!
Sam: Ok, I think maybe Annie's not exactly ready to go yet.
Rita: Where is your father?
Willy Harrison: Where do you think?
Conner Rhodes: Sorry, Mr. Egg.
Ifty: I saw that on Channel 5 news... With the reporter with the toupee and Mr. Turner lost his toupee!
Mr. Turner: Thank you, Mr. Wali.
Sam: I love you like a song. I love you like in a song.
Randy Carpenter: Sam, you're early.
Sam: Yeah. Well, all the lights were green. When I was walking here, all the lights were green.
Randy Carpenter: You know what? There is a reason for the court schedule. You stopped showing up. Lucy's had to rebuild her whole life, Sam.
Sam: I want her back. I-I know I can get her back.
Randy Carpenter: Well, that's not up to me. But I'm just gonna tell you I'm gonna do everything in my power to protect that little girl from getting hurt again. Whose dogs are these?
Sam: These are supplemental income. Supplemental income because I wash and I walk and I feed the dogs. Sam Dawson has everything for you canine needs.
Randy Carpenter: Let me go get your daughter.
Rita: Sam, I can go at least another nine rounds, but you got to let me in.
Rita: It's like every morning I wake up and I FAIL!
Sam: YOU'RE MY LAWYER!
Rita: That's right.
Sam: OKAY!
Brad: I gave up a date with a daydream to come here!     