
Chief Bogo: Life isn't some cartoon musical where you sing a little song and all your insipid dreams magically come true. So let it go.
Nick Wilde: You know you love me.
Judy Hopps: Do I know that?
Judy Hopps: Yes, yes I do!
Nick Wilde: Everyone comes to Zootopia, thinking they could be anything they want. But you can't. You can only be what you are. Sly fox. Dumb bunny.
Judy Hopps: I am not a dumb bunny.
Nick Wilde: And that is not wet cement.
Judy Hopps: Hi! Hello? It's me again.
Nick Wilde: Hey, it's Officer Toot-toot!
Judy Hopps: Ha-ha-ho, no. Actually, It's Officer Hopps and I'm here to ask you some questions about a case.
Nick Wilde: What happened, meter maid? Did someone steal a traffic cone? It wasn't me.
Nick Wilde: Hey, Carrots, you're gonna wake the baby. I gotta get to work.
Judy Hopps: This is important, sir. I think your ten dollars worth of pawpsicles can wait.
Nick Wilde: Ha! I make 200 bucks a day, Fluff. 365 days a year since I was 12. And time is money. Hop along.
Judy Hopps: Please, just look at the picture.
Judy Hopps: You sold Mr. Otterton that pawpsicle, right? Do you know him?
Nick Wilde: I know everybody. And I also know that somewhere there's a toy store missing its stuffed animal. So why don't you get back to your box?
Judy Hopps: Fine. Then we'll have to do this the hard way.
Nick Wilde: Did you just boot my stroller?
Judy Hopps: Nicholas Wilde, you are under arrest!
Nick Wilde: For what?
Nick Wilde: Hurting your feewings?
Judy Hopps: Felony tax evasion.
Judy Hopps: Yeeaah... 200 dollars a day, 365 days a year since you were twelve, that's two decades, so times twenty which is... one million four hundred sixty thousand- I think, I mean I am just a dumb bunny, but we are good at multiplying. Anyway, according to your tax forms, you reported, let me see here, *zero*! Unfortunately, lying on a federal form is a punishable offense. Five years jail time.
Nick Wilde: Well it's my word against yours.
Nick Wilde: "... 200 bucks a day, Fluff. 365 days a year since I was 12."
Judy Hopps: Actually, it's your word against yours. And if you want this pen, you're going to help me find this poor missing otter, or the only place you'll be selling pawpsicles is the prison cafeteria.
Judy Hopps: It's called a hustle, sweetheart.
Finnick: She hustled you!
Finnick: She hustled you *good*! You a cop now, Nick! You're gonna need one of these!
Finnick: Have fun working with the fuzz!
Judy Hopps: Nick? Nick?
Judy Hopps: Oh Nick! Night howlers aren't wolves! They're toxic flowers. I think someone is targeting predators on purpose and making them go savage.
Nick Wilde: Wow. Isn't that interesting.
Judy Hopps: Wait, uh, wait - listen! I - I know you'll never forgive me! And I don't blame you. I wouldn't forgive me either. I was ignorant, and... irresponsible... and small-minded. But predators shouldn't suffer because of my mistakes. I have to fix this.
Judy Hopps: But I can't do it without you.
Judy Hopps: And... and after we're done, you can hate me, and that'll be fine, because I was a horrible friend, and I hurt you. And you... and you can walk away knowing you were right all along. I really am just a dumb bunny.
Judy Hopps: "I really am just a dumb bunny."
Judy Hopps: "I really am just a dumb bunny."
Nick Wilde: Don't worry, Carrots. I'll let you erase it... in forty-eight hours.
Nick Wilde: All right, get in here.
Nick Wilde: Okay. Oh, you bunnies, you're so emotional. There we go, deep breath... Are you... Are you just trying to steal the pen? Is that what this is?
Nick Wilde: You ARE standing on my tail, though... Off... Off... Off... Off... Off...
Judy Hopps: Oh, I'm sorry...
Nick Wilde: It's called a hustle, sweetheart.
Judy Hopps: Hurry! We gotta beat the rush hour, and...
Judy Hopps: IT'S NIGHT?
Nick Wilde: Flash is the fastest guy in there. If you need something done, he's on it.
Judy Hopps: I hope so. We are really fighting the clock and every minute counts.
Judy Hopps: Wait. They're all SLOTHS? You said this was going to be quick!
Nick Wilde: Are you saying that because he's a sloth he can't be fast? I thought in Zootopia, anyone could be anything.
Judy Hopps: Excuse me... Down here... Hi.
Clawhauser: O. M. Goodness, they really did hire a bunny. Ho-whop! I gotta tell you, you're even cuter than I thought you'd be.
Judy Hopps: Ooh, ah, you probably didn't know, but a bunny can call another bunny 'cute', but when other animals do it, that's a little...
Clawhauser: Hoo, I'm so sorry! Me, Benjamin Clawhauser, the guy everyone thinks is just a flabby donut-loving cop stereotyping you.
Nick Wilde: Hey, Flash, wanna hear a joke?
Judy Hopps: NO!
Flash: Sure.
Nick Wilde: OK. What do you call a three-humped camel?
Flash: I don't... know. What... do... you... call... a... three-humped... camel?
Nick Wilde: Pregnant!
Judy Hopps: Ha ha! Yes, very funny, very funny. Can we please just focus on the task?
Judy Hopps: When I was a kid, I thought Zootopia was this perfect place where everyone got along and anyone could be anything. Turns out, real life's a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker. Real life is messy. We all have limitations. We all make mistakes. Which means, hey, glass half full, we all have a lot in common. And the more we try to understand one another, the more exceptional each of us will be. But we have to try. So no matter what kind of animal you are, from the biggest elephant, to our first fox,
Judy Hopps: I implore you: Try. Try to make the world a better place. Look inside yourself and recognize that change starts with you. It starts with me. It starts with all of us.
Nick Wilde: Do you think when she goes to sleep, she counts herself?
Judy Hopps: Shush!
Judy Hopps: What did you do, that made Mr. Big so mad at you?
Nick Wilde: I um... I may have sold him, a very expensive wool rug. That was made from the fur, of a skunk... 's butt.
Judy Hopps: Oh, sweet cheese and crackers.
Nick Wilde: I think you said plenty.
Judy Hopps: What do you mean?
Nick Wilde: Clearly there's a biological component? That these predators may be reverting back to their primitive savage ways? Are you serious?
Judy Hopps: I just stated the facts of the case! I mean, its not like a bunny can go savage.
Nick Wilde: Right. But a fox could, huh?
Judy Hopps: Nick stop it! You're not like them.
Nick Wilde: Oh, so there's a them now?
Judy Hopps: You know what I mean! You're not that kind of predator.
Nick Wilde: The kind that needs to be muzzled? The kind that makes you believe that you need to carry around fox repellent? Yeah, don't think I didn't notice that little item on the first time we met. So l-let me ask you a question; Are you afraid of me? You think I might-I might go savage? You think that I might try to...
Nick Wilde: EAT YOU?
Nick Wilde: I knew it. Just when I thought someone actually believed in me...
Judy Hopps: I came here to make the world a better place, but I think I broke it.
Chief Bogo: Don't give yourself so much credit, Hopps. The world has always been broken, that's why we need good cops. Like you.
Nick Wilde: 39, 40, there you go! Way to work that diaper, Big Guy!
Nick Wilde: No kiss bye-bye for Daddy?
Finnick: Finnick: You kiss me tomorrow, I bite your face off!
Finnick: Ciao.
Judy Hopps: Oh! You are naked!
Yax: For sure. We're a naturalist club.
Judy Hopps: Tomorrow's another day.
Pronk Oryx-Antlerson: Yeah, but it might be worse!
Judy Hopps: Well, he was a key witness, and I...
Chief Bogo: Two days to find the otter, or you quit. That was the deal.
Chief Bogo: Badge.
Judy Hopps: But sir, we...
Chief Bogo: Badge!
Nick Wilde: Uh... no.
Chief Bogo: What did you say, fox?
Nick Wilde: Sorry, what I said was... NO! She will not be giving you that badge.
Nick Wilde: Look, you gave her a... a... a clown vest and a three wheel joke mobile and two days to solve a case you guys haven't cracked in two weeks? Yeah, no wonder she needed to get help from a fox. None of you guys were gonna help her, were you?
Nick Wilde: Here's the thing, chief. You gave her the 48 hours, so technically we still have... 10 left, to find our Mr. Otterton. And that's exactly what we're gonna do. So, if you'll excuse us, we have a very big lead to follow and a case to crack. Good day.
Mr. Big: We may be evolved, but deep down we are still animals.
Nick Wilde: Flash, Flash, Hundred-Yard Dash!
Nick Wilde: Never let them see that they get to you.
Nick Wilde: Whatever you do, do not let go!
Judy Hopps: I'm gonna let go!
Nick Wilde: WHAT?
Gazelle: Zootopia is a unique place. It's a crazy, beautiful, diverse city, where we celebrate our differences. This is not the Zootopia I know. The Zootopia I know is better than this. We don't just blindly assign blame. We don't know why these attacks keep happening. But it is irresponsible to label all predators as savages. We cannot let fear divide us. Please, give me back the Zootopia I love.
Judy Hopps: We are in a REALLY big hurry!
Flash: I am... on...
Judy Hopps: It?
Flash: Break.
Judy Hopps: Chief Bogo: It's not about how badly you WANT something. It's about what you are capable of!
Nick Wilde: Tell me if this story sounds familiar: naive little hick with good grades and big ideas decides, "Hey look at me, I'm gonna move to Zootopia, where predators and prey live in harmony and sing Kumbaya!" Only to find, whoopsie: we don't all get along. And that dream of becoming a big city cop? Double whoopsie: she's a meter maid. And whoopsie number three-sie: no one cares about her or her dreams. And soon enough, those dreams die, and our bunny sinks into an emotional and literal squalor living in a box under a bridge, until finally, she has no choice but to go back home with that cute, fuzzy-wuzzy little tail between her legs to become... you're from Bunnyburrow, is that what you said? So how about a carrot farmer?
Nick Wilde: That sound about right?
Young Hopps: Well, he was right about one thing. I don't know when to quit!
Chief Bogo: Wilde... Hopps... parking duty. Dismissed.
Chief Bogo: Just kidding!
Nick Wilde: I learned two things that day: one, that I was never going to let anyone see that they got to me.
Judy Hopps: And... two?
Nick Wilde: That if the world's only going to see a fox as shifty and untrustworthy, there's no point in being anything else.
Judy Hopps: Nick, you are so much more than that.
Nick Wilde: Boy, we've got some traffic down there, we should check the jam-cams!
Judy Hopps: Nick, I'm glad you told me.
Nick Wilde: Jam-cams...
Judy Hopps: Seriously.
Nick Wilde: No, no, wait.
Nick Wilde: There are traffic cameras located all around the city...
Bellwether: It's my word against yours
Judy Hopps: Oooh, actually,
Judy Hopps: "... and I'll dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way!" it's your word against yours.
Bellwether: Huh?
Judy Hopps: It's called a hustle, sweetheart. Boom.
Chief Bogo: We need to address the elephant in the room. Francine?
Chief Bogo: Happy birthday.
Judy Hopps: Is that Mr. Big?
Nick Wilde: Stop talking, stop talking!
Judy Hopps: Huh.
Mr. Big: Ice 'em.
Fru Fru: Daddy!
Fru Fru: What did we say? No icing anyone at my wedding!
Mr. Big: I have to, baby, Daddy has to.
Gazelle: Wow, you are one hot dancer, Chief Bogo.
Clawhauser: Chief Bogo!
Chief Bogo: Not now!
Clawhauser: Wait, is that Gazelle?
Chief Bogo: No!
Gazelle: I'm Gazelle, and you are one hot dancer.
Clawhauser: You have the app too?
Clawhauser: Aww, Chief!
Chief Bogo: Clawhauser! Can't you see I'm working on the missing mammal cases?
Clawhauser: Oh, oh, oh, yes, of course, about that sir. Officer Hopps just called - she found all of them.
Gazelle: Wow, I'm impressed!
Judy Hopps: Hello! I'm here to ask you some questions about a case.
Nick Wilde: Then they should've gotta a real cop to solve it.
Judy Hopps: You are under arrest!
Nick Wilde: For what? Hwurting your fweelings?
Judy Hopps: YOU are a key witness!
Nick Wilde: No, HE is.
Judy Hopps: Hey!
Nick Wilde: Flash?, Flash, Hundred-Yard Dash?
Flash: Niiiiick.
Chief Bogo: There are some new recruits with us I should introduce. But I'm not going to because, I don't care.
Chief Bogo: This is priority one. Hopps: parking duty.
Judy Hopps: Sir, I'm not just some token bunny.
Chief Bogo: You strike out, you resign.
Judy Hopps: Deal.
Nick Wilde: So... fluffy
Judy Hopps: Hey, stop that!
Nick Wilde: Sheep never let me get this close...
Judy Hopps: You can't just touch a sheep's wool...
Clawhauser: Are you familiar with Gazelle, greatest singer of our lifetime, angel with horns? Huh. Okay, hold on, keep watching.
Clawhauser: Who's that beside her? Who is it?
Gazelle: Wow, you are one hot dancer, Benjamin Clawhauser.
Clawhauser: It's me!
Clawhauser: Do you think it was real? It looks so real! It's not, it's just a new app.
Clawhauser: Hold on a second.
Bellwether: Well, you should've just stayed on the carrot farm, huh. It really is too bad, I... I did like you!
Judy Hopps: What're you going to do, kill me?
Bellwether: Oh ho ho ho, no, of course not.
Bellwether: He is!
Judy Hopps: No! Oh, Nick!
Bellwether: Yes, police! There's a savage fox in the National History Museum! Officer Hopps is down! Please hurry!
Judy Hopps: No! Nick! Don't do this! Fight it!
Bellwether: Oh, but, he can't help it! Can he? Since preds are just biologically predisposed to be savages.
Bellwether: Gosh, think of the headline: "Hero cop killed by savage fox!"
Judy Hopps: So that's it. Prey fears predator and you stay in power?
Bellwether: Yeah. Pretty much.
Judy Hopps: It won't work!
Bellwether: Fear always works, and I'll dart every predator in Zootopia, to keep it that way.
Bellwether: There! Traffic cams for the whole city. Well this is so exciting, actually. I mean, you know, I never get to do anything this important.
Judy Hopps: But you're the assistant mayor of Zootopia.
Bellwether: Oh, I'm more of a glorified secretary. I think Mayor Lionheart just wanted the sheep vote. But he did give me that nice mug.
Bellwether: Feels good to be appreciated.
Bonnie Hopps: Of course, it is okay to have dreams.
Stu Hopps: Just as long as you don't believe too much in them.
Gazelle: I'm Gazelle. Welcome to Zootopia.
Flash: Hey...
Judy Hopps: Wait, wait, wait!
Flash: ...Priscilla!
Judy Hopps: Oh, no!
Priscilla: Yes... Flash?
Flash: What... do...
Judy Hopps: No!
Flash: ...You call... a...
Judy Hopps: A three humped camel? Pregnant! Okay, great, we got it!
Flash: Three... humped...
Judy Hopps: Please, just...
Judy Hopps: Ughhh...
Young Nick: I - Nicholas Wilde - promise to be brave, loyal, helpful, and trustworthy!
Junior Ranger Scout 1: Even though... you're a fox?
Young Nick: What?
Young Nick: No! NO! What did I do wrong, you guys? Help! Please, what did I do wrong? What did I do?
Young Nick: NO!
Junior Ranger Scout 1: You thought we could ever trust a fox without a muzzle? You're even dumber than you look!
Junior Ranger Scout 2: Aww, is he gonna cry?
Bellwether: I framed Lionheart; I can frame you too!
Young Hopps: It may seem impossible to small minds
Young Hopps: I'm looking at you, Gideon Grey - but just 211 miles away stands the great city of Zootopia where our ancestors first joined together in peace and declared that anyone can be ANYTHING!
Young Hopps: Fear. Treachery. Bloodlust. Thousands of years ago, these were the forces that ruled our world. A world where prey were scared of predators. And predators had an uncontrollable, biological urge to maim and maul and...
Young Hopps: Blood! Blood! Blood!
Young Hopps: And death.
Bellwether: Think of it. 90% of the population united against a common enemy. We'll be unstoppable!
Stu Hopps: Judy, you ever wonder how your mom and me got to be so darn happy?
Young Hopps: Nope.
Stu Hopps: Well, we gave up on our dreams, and we settled. Right, Bon?
Bonnie Hopps: Oh, yes. That's right, Stu, we settled hard.
Gideon Grey: Give me your tickets right now, or I'm gonna kick your meek little sheep butt!
Sharla: Ow! Cut it out, Gideon!
Gideon Grey: Baa-Baa! What are you gonna do, cry?
Young Hopps: Hey! You heard her, cut it out!
Gideon Grey: Nice costume, loser! What crazy world are you living in where you think a bunny could be a cop?
Young Hopps: Kindly return my friend's tickets!
Gideon Grey: Come get 'em! But watch out, 'cause I'm a fox! And like you said in your dumb little stage play, us predators used to eat prey, and that killer instinct is still in our duh'nuh!
Travis: Uh, I'm pretty sure it's pronounced D-N-A.
Gideon Grey: Don't tell me what I already know, Travis!
Nick Wilde: Okay, press conference 101. You wanna look smart? Answer their question with your own question, and then answer that question. Like this: 'Excuse me, Officer Hopps. What can you tell us about the case?'
Nick Wilde: 'Well, was this a tough case? Yes, yes it was.' You see?
Stu Hopps: You want to talk about making the world a better place, no better way to do it than becoming a carrot farmer.
Bonnie Hopps: Yes! Your dad, me, your 275 brothers and sisters, we're changing the world.
Stu Hopps: Yeah.
Bonnie Hopps: One carrot at a time.
Stu Hopps: Amen to that.
Judy Hopps: Gideon Grey, I'll be darned.
Gideon Grey: Hey Judy, I'd just like to say I'm sorry for the way I behaved in my youth. I had a lot of self-doubt, and it manifested itself in the form of unchecked rage and aggression. I was a major jerk.
Judy Hopps: Oh, I know a thing or two about being a jerk.
Gideon Grey: Anyhow, I brought y'all these pies.
Stu Hopps: Hey kids, don't run through that midnicampum holicithias.
Gideon Grey: Well, now there's a $4 word, Mister H. My family always just called them night howlers.
Judy Hopps: I'm sor- What did you say?
Stu Hopps: Oh, Gid's talking about those flowers, Judy. I use them to keep the bugs off the produce, but I don't like the little ones going near them on account of what happened to your Uncle Terry.
Bonnie Hopps: Yeah, Terry ate one when we were kids, and went completely nuts.
Stu Hopps: He bit the dickens out of your mother.
Judy Hopps: A bunny can go savage.
Bonnie Hopps: Savage? Well, that's a strong word, but it did hurt like the devil.
Stu Hopps: Well, sure it did! There's a sizable divot in your arm, I'd call that savage.
Judy Hopps: Night howlers aren't wolves, they're flowers! The flowers are making the predators go savage!
Judy Hopps: That's it! That's what I've been missing! Oh, keys! Keys, keys, keys, come on, hurry!
Judy Hopps: Oh, thank you, I love you, bye!
Stu Hopps: You catch any of that, Bon?
Bonnie Hopps: Not one bit.
Gideon Grey: Oh, that makes me feel a little bit better, I thought she was speaking in tongues or something.
Gazelle: Good evening Zootopia! Come on everybody, put your paws up!
Bellwether: I framed Lionheart, i can frame you too. It's my word against yours.
Judy Hopps: Oh. Actually...
Bellwether: "... and I'll dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way!"
Judy Hopps: It's *your* word against yours.
Bellwether: Huh?
Judy Hopps: It's called a hustle, sweetheart. Boom.
Judy Hopps: Why did I think I could make a difference?
Stu Hopps: Because you're trier, that's why.
Bonnie Hopps: You've always been a trier.
Judy Hopps: Oh, I tired, and it made life so much worse for so many innocent predators.
Stu Hopps: Oh, not all of them. Speak of the devil, right on time.
Judy Hopps: Is that Gideon Grey?
Stu Hopps: Yep, it sure is. We work with him now.
Bonnie Hopps: He's our partner, and it never would have considered it, had you not opened our minds.
Stu Hopps: That's right. I mean, Gid's turned into one of the best pastry chefs in the Tri-Burrows.
Jerry Jumbeaux Jr.: Listen, I don't know what you're doing skulking around during daylight hours, but I don't want any trouble in here, so hit the road.
Nick Wilde: I'm not looking for any trouble either, sir. I simply want to buy a Jumbo Pop... for my little boy. You want the red or the blue, pal?
Judy Hopps: Aw, I'm such a...
Jerry Jumbeaux Jr.: Oh come on, kid. Back up. Listen buddy, what, there aren't any fox ice cream joints in your part of town?
Nick Wilde: Uh, no no, there are, there are. It's just, my boy, this goofy little stinker, he loves all things elephant, wants to be one when he grows up.
Nick Wilde: Is that adorable?
Judy Hopps: Oh.
Nick Wilde: Who the heck am I to crush his little dreams, huh, right?
Jerry Jumbeaux Jr.: Look, you probably can't read, fox, but the sign says "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone." So beat it!
Elephant patron: You're holding up the line.
Judy Hopps: Hello? Excuse me.
Jerry Jumbeaux Jr.: Hey, you're gonna have to wait your turn like everyone else, meter maid.
Judy Hopps: Actually, I'm an officer. Just had a quick question: Are your customers aware they're getting snot and mucus with their cookies and cream?
Jerry Jumbeaux Jr.: What are you talking about?
Judy Hopps: Well, I don't want to cause you any trouble, but I believe scooping ice cream with an ungloved trunk is a Class 3 health code violation... which is kind of a big deal, heh.
Judy Hopps: Of course, I could let you off with a warning, if you were to glove those trunks, and, I don't know... finish selling this nice dad and his son a... what was it?
Nick Wilde: A Jumbo Pop, please.
Judy Hopps: A Jumbo Pop.
Jerry Jumbeaux Jr.: $15.
Nick Wilde: Thank you so much, thank you. Oh no, are you kidding me? I don't have my wallet, heh heh. I'd lose my head if it weren't attached to my neck.
Finnick: That's the truth.
Nick Wilde: Oh boy, I'm sorry, pal, got to be about the worst birthday ever. Please don't be mad at me. Thanks anyway.
Judy Hopps: Keep the change.
Judy Hopps: Sir, I'm not just some token bunny.
Chief Bogo: Well, then writing a hundred tickets a day should be easy.
Judy Hopps: A hundred tickets? I'm not gonna write a hundred tickets. I'm gonna write 200 tickets. Before Noon.
Nick Wilde: Thirty nine, forty. There you go. Way to work that diaper, big guy!
Nick Wilde: Hey! No kiss bye-bye for daddy?
Finnick: You kiss me tomorrow, I'll bite your face off!
Finnick: Ciao.
Mayor Lionheart: Did I falsely imprison those animals? Well yes, yes I did. It was a classic "doing the wrong thing for the right reason" kind of a deal.
Judy Hopps: All right, slick Nick, you're under arrest!
Nick Wilde: Really? For what?
Judy Hopps: Gee, I don't know, how about: selling food without a permit, transporting undeclared commerce across borough lines, false advertising.
Nick Wilde: Permit, receipt of declared commerce, and I didn't falsely advertise anything; take care.
Judy Hopps: You told that mouse the popsicle sticks were redwood!
Nick Wilde: That's right, "red wood", with a space in the middle, wood that is red.
Nick Wilde: You can't touch me, Carrots, I've been doing this since I was born.
Judy Hopps: You're gonna want to refrain from calling me Carrots.
Nick Wilde: My bad, I just assumed you came from some little carrot-choked Podunk, no?
Judy Hopps: Uh, no! Podunk is in Deerbrooke County, and I grew up in Bunnyburrow.
Duke Weaselton: You dirty rat, why are you helping her? She's a cop!
Judy Hopps: With all due respect, sir., a good cop... is supposed to serve and protect, help the city, not tear it apart.
Judy Hopps: I don't deserve this badge.
Chief Bogo: Hopps.
Bellwether: Judy, you've worked so hard to get here, it's what you wanted since you were a kid. You can't quit.
Judy Hopps: Thank you for the opportunity.
Judy Hopps: Mr. Manchas? Judy Hopps, ZPD. We just want to know what happened to Emmitt Otterton.
Mr. Manchas: You... should be asking... what happened to me.
Nick Wilde: Whoa! Uh, a teensy otter did... that?
Judy Hopps: What happened?
Mr. Manchas: He... was an animal!
Mr. Manchas: Down... on all fours... he was a savage!
Mr. Manchas: There was no warning, he just kept yelling about the Night Howlers. Over and over, the Night Howlers!
Nick Wilde: So... you know... about the Night Howlers, too? Good, good, good. Because the Night Howlers are exactly what we are here to talk about. Right?
Judy Hopps: Yup. So, uh... so you just open the door... and tell us what you know... and we will tell you what we know... okay?
Mr. Manchas: Okay.
Judy Hopps: Clever fox.
Judy Hopps: Mr. Manchas?
Nick Wilde: Buddy?
Judy Hopps: Are you... okay?
Judy Hopps: Run, run!
Judy Hopps: Actually, it's YOUR word against yours. And if you want this pen, you're gonna help me find this poor missing otter, or the only place you'll be selling pawpsicles is the PRISON cafeteria. It's called a hustle, sweetheart.
Finnick: She hustled you. She hustled you good! You're a cop now, Nick. You gon' need one of these.
Finnick: Have fun working with the fuzz!
Judy Hopps: Start talking!
Bellwether: Okay, thank you, Officer Hopps, uh, that's all the time that we have. No more questions.
Judy Hopps: Was I okay?
Bellwether: Oh, you did fine.
Judy Hopps: Oh, that went so fast. I didn't get a chance to mention you or say anything about how we...
Nick Wilde: Oh, I think you said plenty.
Judy Hopps: What do you mean?
Nick Wilde: "Clearly there's a biological component"? "These predators may be reverting back to their primitive, savage ways"? Are you serious?
Judy Hopps: I popped the weasel!
Judy Hopps: I popped the weasel!
Chief Bogo: Hopps!
Chief Bogo: Abandoning your post, inciting a scurry, reckless endangerment of rodents. But, to be fair, you did stop a master criminal from stealing two dozen moldy onions.
Judy Hopps: Hmm, hate to disagree with you, sir, but those aren't onions. Those are a crocus varietal called midnicampum holicithias. They're a Class C botanical, sir. Well, I grew up in a family where plant husbandry was kind of a thing.
Chief Bogo: Shut your tiny mouth now!
Judy Hopps: Pawpsicle!
Clawhauser: The murder weapon!
Mr. Big: Otterton's my florist. He's like a part of the family. He had something important he wanted to discuss. That's why I sent that car to pick him up. But it never arrived.
Judy Hopps: Because he was attacked.
Mr. Big: No. He attacked.
Judy Hopps: Otterton?
Mr. Big: Otterton. He went crazy, ripped up the car, scared my driver half to death and disappeared into the night.
Judy Hopps: But he's a sweet little otter.
Mr. Big: My child, we may be evolved, but deep down, we're still animals. You want to find Otterton, talk to the driver. His name is Manchas. Lives in the Rainforest District. Only he can tell you more.
Nick Wilde: Carrots?
Nick Wilde: Hopps?
Nick Wilde: JUDY!
Chief Bogo: Shut your tiny mouth now, young lady.     