
Nefretiri: You will be king of Egypt, and I will be your footstool!
Moses: The man stupid enough to use you as a footstool would not be wise enough to rule Egypt.
Narrator: Ladies and gentlemen, young and old, this may seem an unusual procedure, speaking to you before the picture begins, but we have an unusual subject - the story of the birth of freedom - the story of Moses. As many of you know, the Holy Bible omits some 30 years of Moses' life... From the time, when he was a three-month old baby, and was found in the bulrushes, by Bithiah, the daughter of Pharaoh and adopted into the court of Egypt, until he learned that he was Hebrew and killed the Egyptian. To fill in those missing years, we turn to ancient historians, such as Philo and Josephus. Philo wrote at the time when Jesus of Nazareth walked the earth and Josephus wrote some 50 years later, and watched the destruction of Jerusalem, by the Romans. These historians had access to documents long since destroyed - or perhaps lost, like the Dead Sea Scrolls. The theme of this picture is whether man ought to be ruled by God's law, or whether they are to be ruled by the whims of a dictator, like Rameses. Are man the property of the state or are they free souls under God? This same battle continues throughout the world today. Our intention was not to create a story, but to be worthy divinely inspired story, created 3,000 years ago, the five books of Moses. The story takes three hours and 39 minutes to unfold. There will be an intermission. Thank you for your attention.
Baka: Will you lose a throne because Moses builds a city?
Rameses: The city that he builds shall bear my name. The woman that he loves shall bear my child. So it shall be written. So it shall be done.
Yochabel: Why have you come here?
Bithiah: Because Moses will come here.
Yochabel: My son?
Bithiah: No, my son! That's all he must know.
Yochabel: My lips might deny him, Great One, but my eyes never could.
Bithiah: You will leave Goshen, you and your family, tonight.
Yochabel: We are Levites, appointed shepherds of Israel. We cannot leave our people.
Bithiah: Would you take from Moses all that I have given him? Would you undo all that I have done for him? I have put the throne of Egypt within his reach! What can you give him in return?
Yochabel: I gave him life.
Bithiah: I gave him love!
Rameses: No, Moses. It is I who will possess all of her.
Rameses: You think when you are in my arms, it will be his face that you will see, not mine?
Nefretiri: Yes. Only his face.
Rameses: I defeated you in life. You shall not defeat me by your death. The dead are not scorched in the desert of desire. They do not suffer from the thirst of passion or stagger blindly towards some mirage of lost love. But you, Hebrew, will suffer all these things... by living.
Nefretiri: You will let him live!
Rameses: I will not make him a martyr for you to cherish. No phantom will come between you and me in the night. Yes, my sweet, I will let him live. Dead, you alone would possess him. From where I send him there is no returning, and you will never know if he has found forgetfulness within another woman's arms. Now look upon each other for the last time.
Rameses: His god - IS God.
Nefretiri: Oh, Moses, Moses, why of all men did I fall in love with a prince of fools?
Moses: Let my people go!
Moses: Pharoah is pleased?
Sethi: With the obelisk, yes. But not with certain accusations made against you.
Moses: By whom?
Sethi: You raided the temple granaries?
Moses: Yes.
Sethi: You gave the grain to the slaves?
Moses: Yes.
Rameses: You gave them one day in seven to rest.
Moses: Yes.
Sethi: Did you do all this to gain their favor?
Moses: A city is built of brick, Pharoah. The strong make many, the starving make few. The dead make none. So much for accusations.
Joshua: Here! Water lily!
Lilia: My name is Lilia.
Joshua: To me you are a lily, and I want water.
Lilia: Joshua. Joshua, I thought you'd never come down.
Joshua: Water before love, my girl.
Lilia: Does it take the whole Nile to quench your thirst?
Joshua: No, just your lips.
Lilia: Be careful, my love. Dathan's eyes can see through stone.
Joshua: Dathan is a vulture, feeding on the flesh of his own people.
Lilia: When he looks at me, I am afraid.
Joshua: If he touches you, I'll strangle him with his own whip!
Lilia: And bring death to a thousand of us?
Joshua: Is life in bondage better than death?
Nefretiri: Did you think my kiss was a promise of what you'll have. No, my pompous one. It was to let you know what you will not have. I could never love you.
Rameses: Does that matter? You will be my wife. You will come to me whenever I call you, and I will enjoy that very much. Whether you enjoy it or not is your own affair... but I think you will.
Sethi: Let the name of Moses be stricken from every book and tablet, stricken from all pylons and obelisks, stricken from every monument of Egypt. Let the name of Moses be unheard and unspoken, erased from the memory of men for all time.
Nefretiri: Don't exhaust yourself, Great One. Dear Great One.
Sethi: Why not, kitten? You are the only thing I regret leaving. You have been my joy.
Nefretiri: And you my only love.
Sethi: Aha. Now you're cheating. There was another. I know. I loved him, too. With my last breath, I'll break my own law and speak the name of... Moses.
Sethi: Moses.
Sephora: Which of my sisters did you choose?
Moses: I made no choice, Sephora.
Sephora: She was very beautiful, wasn't she? This woman of Egypt, who left her scar upon your heart. Her skin was white as curd, her eyes green as the cedars of Lebanon, her lips, tamarisk honey. Like the breast of a dove, her arms were soft... and the wine of desire was in her veins.
Moses: Yes. She was beautiful... as a jewel.
Sephora: A jewel has brilliant fire, but it gives no warmth. Our hands are not so soft, but they can serve. Our bodies not so white, but they are strong. Our lips are not perfumed, but they speak the truth. Love is not an art to us. It's life to us. We are not dressed in gold and fine linen. Strength and honor are our clothing. Our tents are not the columned halls of Egypt, but our children play happily before them. We can offer you little... but we offer all we have.
Moses: I have not little, Sephora. I have nothing.
Sephora: Nothing from some... is more than gold from others.
Moses: You would fill the emptiness of my heart?
Sephora: I could never fill all of it, Moses, but I shall not be jealous of a memory.
Joshua: Praise God, I have found you.
Moses: Joshua? We thought you dead.
Joshua: In the copper mines of Geber, the living are dead.
Moses: Sephora! Bring water! How did you find me?
Joshua: A merchant buying copper saw you in the tent of Jethro.
Moses: Here you, too, will find peace.
Joshua: Peace? How can you find peace or want it when Rameses builds cities mortared with the blood of our people?
Rameses: Now speaks the rat that would be my ears.
Dathan: Too many ears tie a rat's tongue.
Yochabel: God of our fathers, who has appointed an end to the bondage of Israel, blessed am I among all mothers in the land, for my eyes have beheld Thy deliverer.
Lilia: Water, Noble One?
Baka: No, wine... the wine of beauty.
Lilia: What beauty can my lord find in these mud pits?
Baka: A lotus flower blooms in the Nile's gray mud. Dathan, she will do well as a house slave.
Lilia: Do not take me from my people! There would be danger.
Baka: Danger from such lovely hands?
Lilia: There are other hands strong enough to kill!
Baka: Our mud flower has a thorn.
Lilia: Oh, please, Lord Baka, I beg you!
Lilia: You are strange to the pits. Your back is unscarred.
Moses: You bring a warm smile with your cool water.
Lilia: My smile is for a stonecutter. The water is for you.
Moses: I thank you.
Lilia: Your voice is not strange. You are...
Moses: One of many who thirst.
Baka: You there! Come here!
Lilia: That is Baka, the master builder.
Moses: Does he call me or you?
Baka: You, water girl! I'm thirsty.
Lilia: He does not thirst for water.
Slave: Beauty is but a curse to our women.
Joshua: They told me you were dead.
Lilia: To all I loved, Joshua, I am dead.
Joshua: Dathan?
Lilia: Yes. Dathan.
Joshua: Of your own free will?
Lilia: My own free will.
Joshua: You are no man's slave! The hour of deliverance has come!
Lilia: Not for me, Joshua.
Dathan: Remember, Joshua, of her own free will, she's mine!
Bithiah: Your tongue will dig your grave, Memnet!
Rameses: You are going to be mine, all mine, like my dog or my horse or my falcon. Only I will love you more and trust you less.
Little Boy: The wind opens the sea!
The Blind One: God opens the sea with a blast of his nostrils!
Narrator: Learning that it can be more terrible to live than to die, he is driven onward through the burning crucible of desert, where holy men and prophets are cleansed and purged for God's great purpose, until at last, at the end of human strength, beaten into the dust from which he came, the metal is ready for the Maker's hand.
Moses: Will you swear in the name of this God that you are not my mother?
Yochabel: We do not even know His name.
Moses: Then look into my eyes and tell me you are not my mother.
Yochabel: Oh, Moses, Moses, I cannot. I cannot.
Nefretiri: Oh, Moses, Moses, you stubborn, splendid, adorable fool!
Bithiah: They're going away, Moses, and the secret's going with them. No one need ever know the shame I brought upon you.
Moses: Shame? What change is there in me? Egyptian or Hebrew, I am still Moses. These are the same hands, the same arms, the same face that was mine a moment ago.
Yochabel: A moment ago you were her son, the strength of Egypt. Now you are my son, a slave of Egypt. You find no shame in this?
Moses: If there is no shame in me, how can I feel shame for the woman who bore me, or the race that bred me?
Joshua: Let the old woman loose!
Egyptian guard: She'll stay where she is, and you'll die in the lion pit!
Lilia: Joshua!
Yochabel: Run to the prince and beg mercy!
Lilia: Mercy from Rameses?
Yochabel: No. From Prince Moses, there on the pavilion.
Egyptian soldier: Out! Out, all of you!
Dathan: Why do soldiers come here? I put no blood on my door!
Egyptian soldier: Then stone bleeds!
Dathan: Your stonecutter did this to me!
Lilia: All your gold cannot wipe that mark from your door, Dathan, or from my heart.
Dathan: Just for that, you'll walk all the way to... Where are we going? Do you know where we're going?
Egyptian soldier: To hell, I hope!
Bithiah: I am the Pharaoh's daughter, and this is my son. He shall be reared in my house as the prince of the two lands.
Memnet: My mother and her mother before her were branded into the Pharaoh's service. I will not see you make this son of slaves a prince of Egypt.
Bithiah: You will see it, Memnet. You will see him walk with his head among the eagles, and you will serve him as you serve me. Fill the ark with water. Sink it into silence.
Bithiah: Raise your hands, Memnet. What you have buried in the Nile shall remain buried in your heart. Swear it.
Memnet: I will be silent.
Bithiah: The day you break that oath will be the last your eyes shall ever see.
Moses: Bithiah.
Bithiah: In fear of your God, they have set me free. May a stranger enter?
Moses: There are no strangers among those who seek God's mercy.
Bithiah: My bearers?
Moses: All who thirst for freedom may come with us. The darkness of death will pass over us tonight, and tomorrow the light of freedom will shine upon us as we go forth from Egypt.
Bithiah: I shall go with you, Moses.
Miriam: A princess of Egypt?
Aaron: An Egyptian?
Miriam: An idol worshipper!
Moses: This woman drew me from the Nile and set my feet upon the path of knowledge. Mered, bring a chair to our table for the daughter of Pharaoh.
Bithiah: There is a great light that shines from your face, Moses. Perhaps someday I shall come to understand it.
Moses: No son could have more love for you than I.
Sethi: Then why are you forcing me to destroy you? What evil has done this to you?
Moses: The evil that men should turn their brothers into beasts of burden, to be stripped of spirit, and hope, and strength - only because they are of another race, another creed. If there is a god, he did not mean this to be so.
Bithiah: A conquerer, already conquered?
Moses: The first face I look for and the last I find.
Moses: Mother!
Bithiah: I was thanking the gods for your safe return. But I find you in grave danger here.
Moses: An intoxicating danger, mother.
Bithiah: Marry her if you can, my son, but never fall in love with her.
Nefretiri: Oh, I'll be less trouble to him than the Hebrew slaves of Goshen.
Bithiah: Goshen?
Jethro: You have come far.
Moses: From Egypt.
Jethro: Across the desert on foot? He who has no name surely guided your steps.
Moses: No name? You Bedouins know the god of Abraham?
Jethro: Abraham is the father of many nations. We are the children of Ishmael, his firstborn. We are the obedient of God.
Moses: My people look to him for deliverance... but they are still in bondage.
Moses: Does your god live on this mountain?
Sephora: Sinai is His high place, His temple.
Moses: If this god is God, he would live on every mountain, in every valley. He would not be the god of Ishmael or Israel alone, but of all men. It is said he created all men in his image. He would dwell in every heart, every mind, every soul.
Sephora: I do not know about such things, but I do know that the mountain rumbles when God is there, and the earth trembles, and the cloud is red with fire.
Moses: At such a time, has any man ever gone to see Him, face-to-face?
Sephora: No man has ever set foot on the forbidden slopes of Sinai. Why do you want to see Him, Moses?
Moses: To know that He is. And if He is, to know why He has not heard the cries of slaves in bondage.
Lilia: Joshua. We must have hope. God will send us the deliverer.
Joshua: Hope. On the heels of every hope walks Dathan.
Moses: Would you bury the old woman alive in a tomb of rock?
Yochabel: Wise and noble One, It caught. I have not the strength to free myself.
Moses: Your shoulders should not bear a burden, old woman.
Yochabel: The Lord has renewed my strength and lightened my burdens.
Moses: He would have done better to remove them.
Joshua: God of Abraham, four hundred years we have waited.
Moses: Pharaoh's soldiers won't wait so long.
Joshua: The Almighty has heard our cries from bondage. You are the Chosen One!
Moses: I know nothing of your god.
Joshua: He knows you, Moses. He has brought you to us. You cannot turn your back upon us. You will deliver us!
Nefretiri: But I have saved your son, Moses.
Moses: It is not my son who will die. It is... it is the firstborn of Egypt. It is your son, Nefretiri!
Nefretiri: No. You would not dare strike Pharaoh's son!
Moses: In the hardness of his heart, Pharaoh has mocked God and brings death to his own son!
Nefretiri: But he is my son, Moses. You would not harm my son.
Moses: By myself, I am nothing. It is the power of God which uses me to work His will.
Nefretiri: You would not let Him do this to me. I saved your son!
Moses: I cannot save yours.
Sephora: The queen of Egypt is beautiful, as he told me.
Memnet: What have you found?
Bithiah: The answer to my prayers!
Memnet: You prayed for a basket?
Bithiah: No. I prayed for a son.
Memnet: Your husband is in the House of the Dead.
Bithiah: And he has asked the Nile god to bring me this beautiful boy.
Bithiah: Do you know the pattern of this cloth?
Bithiah: If my son is covered in it, it is a royal robe!
Nefretiri: This is for the temple ceremony... this is for my wedding night!
Memnet: You will never wear it.
Nefretiri: Why not?
Memnet: I have brought you a cloth more revealing... send them away.
Nefretiri: Go then, while I hear what this puckered old persimmon has to say.
Memnet: For thirty years, I have been silent. Now, all the kings of Egypt, cry out to me, from their tombs, "Let no Hebrew sit upon our throne."
Nefretiri: What are you saying?
Memnet: Rameses has the blood of many kings.
Nefretiri: And Moses?
Memnet: He is lower than the dust. Not one drop of royal blood flows through his veins. He is the son of Hebrew slaves.
Nefretiri: I'll have you torn into so many pieces, even the vultures wont find them. Who hatched this lie? Rameses?
Memnet: Rameses does not know,
Memnet: yet.
Nefretiri: You will repeat this to Bithiah.
Memnet: Bithiah drew a slave child, from the Nile, called him son and Prince of Egypt, blinding herself to the truth and the pain of an empty womb.
Nefretiri: Were you alone, with, Bithiah?
Memnet: A little girl led me to the Hebrew woman, Yochabel, that the child might be suckled by his true mother.
Nefretiri: Take care, old frog. You croaked too much, against Moses!
Memnet: Would you mingle the blood of slaves, with your own?
Nefretiri: He will be my husband. I shall have no other.
Memnet: Then, use this, to wrap your firstborn. Torn from a Levite's robe. It was Moses' swaddling cloth.
Nefretiri: And your shrowd. Do you think I care whose son he is?
Memnet: Rameses cares.
Nefretiri: You won't live to tell him.
Memnet: Oh, oh!
Bithiah: They will stop for me!
Mered: A charging chariot knows no rank!
Jethro's daughter: He's eaten a whole bunch of dates.
Sephora: We drew this water.
Amalekite herder: Out of the way, girl.
Sephora: This is the well of Jethro, our father. You have no right here.
Amalekite herder: Our goats don't know your father.
Sephora: Jethro's mark is on the well.
Amalekite: They can't read, either.
Amalekite: Nor can we!
Amalekite herder: Then let him breed sons to guard it, not daughters.
Jethro's daughter: Drive them away!
Moses: Let them be first whose hands have drawn the water.
Sephora: The stranger is wise... and strong.
Moses: Drive back your goats until the sheep are watered.
Amalekite herder: All right, all right.
Gershom: Did the little boy die in the desert, my father?
Moses: No. God brought Ishmael and his mother Hagar into a good land.
Gershom: The same God who lives on the mountain?
Moses: It may be, my son.
Sephora: Moses! Moses!
Moses: Here!
Moses: Your mother's calling.
Sephora: Moses, there is a man among the sheep.
Moses: Keep sounding the alarm, Gershom, but stay here till your mother comes.
Sephora: In the cleft. Behind the rock.
Moses: Your eyes are as sharp as they are beautiful.
Moses: Moses. Moses.
Moses: I am here, Lord.
Moses: Put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place thou standest is holy ground. I am the god of your fathers, the god of Abraham, the god of Isaac and the god of Jacob.
Moses: Lord... Lord, why do you not hear the cries of their children in the bondage of Egypt?
Moses: I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt and I have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters, for I know their sorrows. Therefore, I will send thee, Moses, unto Pharoah, that thou mayest bring my people out of Egypt.
Moses: Who am I, Lord, that you should send me? How can I lead this people out of bondage? What words can I speak that they will heed?
Moses: I will teach thee what thou wilt say. When thou hast brought forth the people. They shall serve me upon this mountain. I will put my laws into their hearts, and into their minds will I write them. Now, therefore, go and I will be with thee.
Moses: But if I say to your children that the god of their fathers has sent me, they will ask "What is his name?" How shall I answer them?
Moses: I am, that I am. Thou shalt say "I am" hath sent me unto you.
Lilia: Joshua!
Joshua: Run, Lilia, run! The way is clear. The master builder will not follow.
Baka: Neither will you, stonecutter.
Baka: Bind him between the columns! See that his arms are tightly stretched!
Egyptian guard: He'll cut him to pieces.
Baka: Now go after the girl. Don't come back without her.
Egyptian guard: We'll find her.
Baka: You foolish, stupid man. I would have kept her only a short while. She would have returned to you, shall we say, more worthy. Now to whom shall I return Lilia? You will not be there, Joshua.
Baka: You've seen me drive my chariot. I can flick a fly from my horse's ear without breaking the rhythm of his stride. You've seen me use my whip.
Baka: You make no outcry, Joshua, but you will. You will cry for the mercy of death.
Joshua: One day you will listen to the cry of slaves.
Baka: This is not that day, Joshua.
Baka: You hold your tongue almost as well as I hold my temper. It's a pity to kill so strong a stonecutter.
Moses: Death will bring death, Baka!
Baka: Who are you?
Moses: One who asks what right you have to kill a slave.
Baka: The right of a master to kill you or any slave.
Moses: Then kill me, master butcher!
Baka: Moses!
Narrator: And God said Let there be light, and there was light. And from this light, God created life upon earth. And man was given diminion over all things upon this earth and the power to choose betweem good and evil. But each sought to do his own will because he knew not the light of God's law. Man took dominion over man, the conquered were made to serve the conqueror, the weak were made to serve the strong, and freedom was gone from this world. So did the Egyptians cause the children of Israel to serve with rigor, and their lives were made bitter with hard bondage. And their cry came up unto God. And God heard them and cast into Egypt, into the lowly hut of Amram and Yochabel, the seed of a man upon whose mind and heart would be written God's law and God's commandments, one man alone against an empire.
Moses: What has this child to do with me? Tell me.
Nefretiri: A child was wrapped in it.
Moses: Who was this child?
Nefretiri: Bithiah drew him from the river. Memnet was with her.
Moses: Who was this child?
Nefretiri: Memnet is dead. No one needs know who you are. I love you. I killed for you. I'll kill anyone who comes between us.
Moses: Why did you kill for me, Nefretiri? If you love me, do not lie.
Nefretiri: Hold me in your arms. Hold me close. You were not born prince of Egypt, Moses. You are the son of Hebrew slaves.
Moses: Love can not drown truth, Nefretiri. You do believe it, or you would not have killed Memnet.
Nefretiri: I love you. That's the only truth, I know.
Moses: Did this child, of the Nile, have a mother?
Nefretiri: Memnet called her Yochabel.
Moses: I will ask Bithiah.
Bithiah: How could you doubt me? You did not doubt me, as you took your first step. It's a wicked lie, spun by Rameses.
Moses: Did Rameses spin this?
Bithiah: The word of your mother, against a piece of cloth found by Memnet?
Moses: How did you know it was Memnet?
Bithiah: Who else? Memnet nursed Rameses. She will pay, for spreading his lies.
Moses: She has paid.
Bithiah: She is dead?
Moses: At the hand of Nefretiri.
Moses: Memnet spoke of a woman named Yochabel. Did you ever know her?
Bithiah: No.
Moses: Yours, was the face I saw, above my cradle. The only mother, I've ever known. Wherever I am led and whatever, I must do, I will always love you.
Rameses: Did you lose your head, my sweet?
Sethi: I sent you to Goshen to bring me the head of the jackal who would free the slaves. Where is it?
Rameses: The slaves do not need a deliver now. They have Moses.
Nefretiri: Is that a riddle?
Rameses: He gives them the priests' grain and one day in seven to rest. They call it "The Day of Moses."
Jannes: This man makes himself a god.
Nefretiri: I prefer him as a man.
Rameses: You would prefer him as Pharaoh.
Nefretiri: Are you afraid of Moses?
Rameses: Yes, because now he holds Ethiopia in his left hand, Goshen in right, and you, my Pharaoh, are in-between them.
Sethi: Do you imply that he would raise the slaves against me? I've been his father.
Jannes: Ambition knows no father.
Nefretiri: Moses could no more betray you than I could, Sethi.
Sethi: He can tell me that when he arrives.
Rameses: He will not be here, my father.
Sethi: What? I sent for both of you.
Rameses: His word is that he cannot attend you, being pressed by other matters.
Sethi: Did you hear that? Other matters?
Sethi: My escort. I will ride with you, my son, to see what rears itself in Goshen... a city or treason.
Moses: I'll not leave a man to die in the mud.
Simon: Thank you, my son... but death is better than bondage, for my days are ended and my prayer unanswered.
Moses: What prayer, old man?
Simon: That before death closed my eyes, I might behold the deliverer who will lead all men to freedom.
Moses: What deliverer could break the power of Pharaoh?
Egyptian guard: You!
Jethro's daughter: Is it true that Egyptian girls paint their eyes?
Moses: Yes, but very few have eyes as beautiful as yours.
Moses: You know it is death to strike an Egyptian?
Joshua: I know it.
Moses: Yet you struck him. Why?
Joshua: To save the old woman.
Moses: What is she to you?
Joshua: An old woman.
Egyptian guard: Lord Prince, send him to his death!
Moses: The man has courage. You do not speak like a slave.
Joshua: God made men. Men made slaves.
Moses: Which god?
Joshua: The God of Abraham. The Almighty God!
Moses: If your God is Almighty, why does He leave you in bondage?
Joshua: He will choose the hour of our freedom and the man who will deliver us!
Nefretiri: How many more days and nights will you pray? Does he hear you?
Rameses: Dread Lord of Darkness, I have raised my voice to you, yet life has not come to the body of my son. Hear me!
Nefretiri: He cannot hear you. He's nothing but a piece of stone with the head of a bird.
Rameses: He will hear me. For I am Egypt.
Nefretiri: Egypt? You are nothing. You let Moses kill my son. No god can bring him back. What have you done to Moses? How did he die? Did he cry for mercy when you tortured him? Bring me to his body! I want to see it, Rameses! I want to see it!
Rameses: This is my son. He would have been Pharaoh. He would have ruled the world. Who mourns him now? Not even you. All you can think of is Moses. You will not see his body. I drove him out of Egypt. I cannot fight the power of his God.
Nefretiri: His God? The priests say that Pharaoh is a god, but you are not a god. You are even less than a man. Listen to me, Rameses. You thought I was evil when I went to Moses, and you were right. Shall I tell you what happened, Rameses? He spurned me like a strumpet in the street. I, Nefretiri, Queen of Egypt. All that you wanted from me he would not even take. Do you hear laughter, Pharaoh? Not the laughter of kings, but the laughter of slaves on the desert!
Rameses: Laughter? Laughter? My son I shall build your tomb upon their crushed bodies. If any escape me, their seed shall be scattered and accursed forever. My armor! The war crown! Laughter? I will turn the laughter of these slaves into wails of torment! They shall remember the name of Moses, only that he died under my chariot wheels!
Nefretiri: Kill him with your own hands.
Moses: Great one, I bring you Ethiopia.
Rameses: Command them to kneel before Pharaoh.
Moses: Command what you have conquered, my brother.
Sethi: Harden yourself against subordinates. Have no friend. Trust no woman.
Sethi: With so many slaves, you could build an army.
Moses: But I have built a city. These lions of Pharaoh will guard its gates, and it shall be the city of Sethi's glory.
Sethi: Are the slaves loyal to Sethi's glory or to you, Moses?
Moses: The slaves worship their God. And I serve only you.
Lilia: Dathan, if you fear God, let me go.
Dathan: I am here, girl, because I put no trust in a desert god and his mud-pit prophet. I prospered because I bowed lower than my brothers before the Egyptians, and now the Egyptians bow low before me. Joshua wanted you... Baka wanted you... but you belong to me... a gift from Rameses to His Excellency.
Lilia: I will bow before you, Dathan. I will work my hands raw for you, but please, please, do not shame me before my Lord.
Dathan: Your lord is the govenor of Goshen.
Lilia: What difference to my shame?
Dathan: No difference to you, my dove of Cannan, but to a condemned slave like Joshua, it could make the difference between death on the spikes and life... in the copper mines of Sinai. What would you do to influence His Excellency's clemency?
Lilia: Anything, Dathan. Anything.
Dathan: Joshua will always be grateful to you... my little mud flower. His fate is better than the one that waits for Moses.
Lilia: Death cometh to me, to set me free, death cometh to me.
Joshua: No, Lilia. Death will not come to you.
Lilia: Joshua! Joshua, you risk your life in coming here. You are firstborn.
Joshua: So are you. I bring lamb's blood to mark the door posts and lintel... that the Angel of Death may pass you by.
Lilia: Joshua, it is enough that you have come to me. I am outcast among our people. Do not save me from death, Joshua. Save me from life!
Joshua: Tomorrow will bring a new world for us, Lilia!
Nefretiri: Bring it back to me, stained with his blood!
Rameses: I will... to mingle with your own!
Sethi: The man best able to rule Egypt will follow me. I owe that to my fathers, not to my sons.
Baka: They use the old ones to do the work of greasing the stones, Lord Prince. If they are killed, it is no loss.
Moses: Are you a master builder or a master butcher?
Baka: If we stop moving stones for every grease woman who falls, the city would never rise.
Overseer: If the slaves are not driven, they will not work.
Joshua: If their work lags, it is because they are not fed.
Moses: You look strong enough.
Joshua: I am a stonecutter. The Pharaohs likes their images cut deep.
Moses: It would take more than a man to lead the slaves from bondage. It would take a god.
Moses: There is a beauty beyond the senses, Nefretiri, beauty like the quiet of green valleys and still waters, beauty of the spirit that you cannot understand.
Nefretiri: You need have no fear of me.
Sephora: I feared only his memory of you.
Nefretiri: You have been able to erase it.
Sephora: He has forgotten both of us. You lost him when he went to seek his God. I lost him when he found his God.
Dathan: Moses has words. Pharaoh has spears!
Moses: Go, proclaim liberty throughout all the lands, unto all the inhabitants thereof.
Tuya: Oh, Memnet, you're only happy when you're miserable.
Rameses: Let him rave on, that men will know him mad.
Moses: Never did a lost sheep have so many shepherds.
Bithiah: You will be the glory of Egypt, my son, mighty in words and deeds. Kings shall bow before you. Your name will live when the pyramids are dust. And... because I drew you from the water, you shall be called "Moses."
Bithiah: Moses! Moses! Moses.
Moses: Let your own image proclaim my loyalty for a thousand years.
Sethi: Superb!
Rameses' son: My father.
Rameses: My son.
Nefretiri: Your own curse is on him.
Nefretiri: If you want to help your people, come back to the palace.
Moses: And hide the truth from Sethi... that I am Hebrew and a slave?
Nefretiri: The truth would break his dear old heart and send Bithiah into exile or death. Think of us and stop hearing the cries of your people.
Moses: Their God does not hear their cry.
Nefretiri: Will Rameses hear it if he is Pharaoh? No. He would grind them into the clay they mold, double their labors. What about me? Think of me as his wife. Do you want to see me in Rameses' arms?
Moses: No!
Nefretiri: Then come back with me.
Yochabel: God of Abraham, take my child into Thy hands that he may live to Thy service.
Little Miriam: But, mother, we have not even given him a name.
Yochabel: God will give him a name.
Yochabel: Follow it, Miriam. Watch it from the reeds. See where the Lord will lead him.
Little Miriam: Yes, mother.
Moses: You gave me this staff to rule over scorpions and serpents, but God made it a rod to rule over kings. Hear His word, Rameses, and obey.
Rameses: Obey? Moses, Moses. Are there no magicians in Egypt, that you have come back to make serpents out of sticks or cause rabbits to appear?
Dathan: For ten talents of gold, I'll give you the wealth of Egypt! Give me my freedom and I'll give you the scepter! Give me the water girl, Lillia, and I'll give you the princess of your heart's desire. Give me this house of Baka's and I'll give you the throne! Give me all that I ask... or give me leave to go.
Dathan: Joshua's strength didn't kill the master builder.
Rameses: Now speaks the rat that would be my ears.
Dathan: Too many ears tie a rat's tongue.
Rameses: Go, all of you!
Rameses: Well... who killed him?
Dathan: I am a poor man, Generous One; what I bring is worth much.
Rameses: I have paid you much, and you have brought me nothing.
Dathan: Now I bring you the world... true Son of Pharaoh.
Rameses: You offer me the world when you cannot even bring me the deliverer. Who killed Baka?
Dathan: The deliverer.
Rameses: Would you play at words with me?
Dathan: No, Lord Prince.
Rameses: And this murderer has now fled to some distant land?
Dathan: No, Lord Prince.
Rameses: Name him.
Dathan: One who made himself a prince and judge over us; and if he knew I were here, he would kill me as he killed the Egyptian.
Rameses: I will hang you myself if you tire me further.
Dathan: There are those who would pay much for what my eyes have seen.
Rameses: Do you haggle with me like a seller of melons in the marketplace?
Dathan: No, I will not haggle, Great Prince; here's your money. But for ten talents of fine gold, I'll give you the wealth of Egypt. Give me my freedom, and I'll give you the scepter. Give me the water girl Lilia, and I'll give you the princess of your heart's desire. Give me this house of Baka, and I'll give you the throne. Give me all that I ask... or give me leave to go.
Rameses: I will give you more than leave to go; I will send you where you belong.
Dathan: I belong in your service, Glorious One.
Rameses: Very well, I will bargain with you. If what you say pleases me, I will give you your price, all of it; if not, I will give you the point of this blade through your lying throat, agreed?
Dathan: Agreed; the deliverer... is Moses.
Rameses: Draw one more breath to tell me why Moses or any other Egyptian would deliver the Hebrews?
Dathan: Moses is not Egyptian; he's Hebrew, the son of slaves.
Rameses: You have rats' ears and a ferret's nose.
Dathan: To use in your service, son of Pharaoh.
Rameses: Add to them the eyes of a weasel and find me this deliverer.
Rameses: Here is your king's scepter, and here is your kingdom, with the scorpion, the cobra, and the lizard for subjects. Free them, if you will. Leave the Hebrews to me.
Pentaur: He opens the waters before them, and he bars our way with fire! Let us go from this place! Men cannot fight against a God!
Rameses: Better to die in battle with a God than live in shame.
Moses: The Lord of Hosts will do battle for us. Behold His mighty hand!
Dathan: Where could I bring you except to Egypt?
Israelites: Where there is death?
Dathan: No, where there's food!
Moses: Yes. You may be the lovely dust through which God will work His purpose.
Moses: Your wish is my will.
Moses: Do they love less who have no hope?
Baka: No, no, no, no, no. Not red with the with the Sammur gown.
Dathan: My eyes can best be used elsewhere, Lord Baka.
Baka: Before you go, let them look upon what you thought unworthy. You would let beauty such as this go unseen. You would let such a flower go ungathered. Dathan, you can see only mud, so pick up her muddy clothes and go. Go, all of you!
Rameses: Do you haggle with me like a seller of melons in the marketplace?
Nefretiri: Then why aren't you kneeling at the feet of a princess?
Moses: I am afraid the mud pits have stiffened my knees, Royal One.
Nefretiri: Shall I call back the guards?
Moses: Do you think they can bend them?
Shieks: 1st shiek: A bride, a shawl... choose one, not all!
Shieks: 2nd shiek: One shawl, one wife, your choice for life.
Shieks: 3rd shiek: It is a garden of many flowers, Moses. I wish you had my years and I had your choice.
Rameses' son: Mother! Mother! He turned his staff into a cobra!
Nefretiri: Nothing of his, will harm you my son.
Rameses: The power of your god is a cheap magicians trick. Jannes.
Rameses' son: Will my father free the slaves?
Bithiah: Moses, do not enter! There is only sorrow here.
Moses: Are you comforting it, my mother? I followed you here to find this woman Yochabe...
Moses: You were the woman who was caught between the stones.
Yochabel: Until you came.
Bithiah: My son, if you love me, you will...
Moses: I love you, my mother, but am I your son...
Moses: or yours?
Yochabel: No, you are not my son. If you believe that men and women are cattle to be driven under the lash, if you can bow before idols of stone and golden images of beasts, you are not my son.
Nefretiri: I think I see him. No... Moses.
Dathan: Pull! Pull for your lives!
Lilia: Is your life worth so much?
Moses: After this day you shall see his chariots no more!
Dathan: There are those who would pay much for what my eyes have seen.
Rameses: Do you haggle with me like a seller of melons in the marketplace?
Dathan: No, I will not haggle, Great Prince; here's your money. But for ten talents of fine gold, I'll give you the wealth of Egypt. Give me my freedom, and I'll give you the scepter. Give me the water girl Lilia, and I'll give you the princess of your heart's desire. Give me this house of Baka, and I'll give you the throne. Give me all that I ask... or give me leave to go.
Rameses: I will give you more than leave to go; I will send you where you belong.
Dathan: I belong in your service, Glorious One.
Rameses: Very well, I will bargain with you. If what you say pleases me, I will give you your price, all of it; if not, I will give you the point of this blade through your lying throat, agreed?
Dathan: Agreed; the deliverer... is Moses.
Rameses: Draw one more breath to tell me why Moses or any other Egyptian would deliver the Hebrews?
Dathan: Moses is not Egyptian; he's Hebrew, the son of slaves.
Rameses: I will pay your price.
Nefretiri: Does the world bow to an empty throne?
Rameses: Empty?
Nefretiri: Does a Pharaoh harden his heart against his son? If you let the Hebrews go, who will build his cities? You told Moses to make bricks without straw. Now he tells you to make cities without bricks. Who is the slave and who is the Pharaoh? Do you hear laughter, Rameses? Yes, the laughter of kings... in Babylon, in Canaan, in Troy... as Egypt surrenders to the God of slaves.
Moses: Blasphemers! Idolaters! For this, you shall drink bitter waters... God has set before you this day his laws of life, and good, and death, and evil... Those who will not live by the law, shall die by the law!
Bithiah: Look! There's something here.
Maiden: Be sure it's not a crocodile!
Tuya: Bithiah can charm tears from a crocodile.
Maiden: Ow!
Bithiah: Catch a lotus and you catch a wish!
1st Maiden: What will you wish for, Tuya? Gold or a man?
Tuya: Gold, of course. Then I can have any man.
2nd Maiden: Gold will never fill an empty heart.
Memnet: Quiet, you chattering geese.
Tuya: Oh, Memnet, you're only happy when you're miserable.
Memnet: You fools! Talk of empty hearts before the Pharaoh's daughter. What is there in her heart but the memory of a dead husband?
Dathan: Now look for the first time, Abiram, upon the Governor of Goshen.
Abiram: Dathan, my brother, you have the favor of the Lord.
Dathan: I prefer the gratitude of the Prince.     