
Blanche DuBois: Whoever you are, I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Stanley Kowalski: Hey, STELLA.
Blanche DuBois: I don't want realism. I want magic! Yes, yes, magic. I try to give that to people. I do misrepresent things. I don't tell truths. I tell what ought to be truth.
Stanley Kowalski: Now that's how I'm gonna clear the table. Don't you ever talk that way to me. 'Pig,' 'Pollack,' 'disgusting,' 'vulgar,' 'greasy.' Those kind of words have been on your tongue and your sister's tongue just too much around here. What do you think you are? A pair of queens? Now just remember what Huey Long said - that every man's a king - and I'm the King around here, and don't you forget it.
Blanche DuBois: Straight? What's 'straight'? A line can be straight, or a street. But the heart of a human being?
Blanche DuBois: Deliberate cruelty is unforgivable, and the one thing of which I have never,ever been guilty of.
Stanley Kowalski: I never met a dame yet that didn't know if she was good-looking or not without being told, and there's some of them that give themselves credit for more than they've got.
Stanley Kowalski: Take a look at yourself here in a worn-out Mardi Gras outfit, rented for 50 cents from some rag-picker. And with a crazy crown on. Now what kind of a queen do you think you are? Do you know that I've been on to you from the start, and not once did you pull the wool over this boy's eyes? You come in here and you sprinkle the place with powder and you spray perfume and you stick a paper lantern over the light bulb - and, lo and behold, the place has turned to Egypt and you are the Queen of the Nile, sitting on your throne, swilling down my liquor. And do you know what I say? Ha ha! Do you hear me? Ha ha ha!
Blanche DuBois: Oh, Stanley! What sign were you born under?
Stanley Kowalski: What sign?
Blanche DuBois: Astrological sign. I'll bet you were born under Aries. Aries people are forceful, dynamic, they dote on noise. They love to bang things around.
Stella: Stanley was born just five minutes after Christmas.
Blanche DuBois: Capricorn - the goat!
Blanche DuBois: Please don't get up.
Stanley Kowalski: Nobody's going to get up, so don't get worried.
Blanche DuBois: I know I fib a good deal. After all, a woman's charm is 50% illusion.
Stanley Kowalski: I am not a Pollack. People from Poland are Poles. They are not Pollacks. But what I am is one hundred percent American. I'm born and raised in the greatest country on this earth and I'm proud of it. And don't you ever call me a Pollack.
Stanley Kowalski: Listen, baby, when we first met - you and me - you thought I was common. Well, how right you was. I was common as dirt. You showed me a snapshot of the place with them columns, and I pulled you down off them columns, and you loved it, having them colored lights goin'. And wasn't we happy together? Wasn't it all okay till she showed here? And wasn't we happy together? Wasn't it all OK? Till she showed here. Hoity-toity, describin' me like a ape.
Stanley Kowalski: Hey, Stella!
Eunice: You quit that howling down there and go to bed!
Stanley Kowalski: Eunice, I want my girl down here!
Eunice: You shut up! You're gonna get the law on you!
Stanley Kowalski: Hey, Stella!
Eunice: You can't beat on a woman and then call her back, Because she ain't gonna come! And her going to have a baby.
Stanley Kowalski: Listen, Eunice...
Eunice: I hope they haul you in and turn the fire hose on you like they did last time!
Stanley Kowalski: Eunice, I want my girl down here!
Eunice: You stinker!
Stanley Kowalski: Hey, you hens! Cut out the cackling in there!
Stella: You can't hear us.
Stanley Kowalski: Well you can hear me, and I told you to hush up.
Blanche DuBois: But some things are not forgivable. Deliberate cruelty is not forgivable! It is the one unforgivable thing, in my opinion, and the one thing of which I have never, never been guilty.
A Sailor: Can I help you, ma'am?
Blanche DuBois: Why, they told me to take a streetcar named Desire and then transfer to one called Cemetery and ride six blocks and get off at Elysian Fields.
Blanche DuBois: You're married to a madman.
Stella: I wish you'd stop taking it for granted that I'm in something I want to get out of.
Blanche DuBois: What you are talking about is desire - just brutal Desire. The name of that rattle-trap streetcar that bangs through the Quarter, up one old narrow street and down another.
Stella: Haven't you ever ridden on that streetcar?
Blanche DuBois: It brought me here. Where I'm not wanted and where I'm ashamed to be.
Stella: Don't you think your superior attitude is a little out of place?
Blanche DuBois: May I speak plainly?... If you'll forgive me, he's common... He's like an animal. He has an animal's habits. There's even something subhuman about him. Thousands of years have passed him right by, and there he is. Stanley Kowalski, survivor of the Stone Age, bearing the raw meat home from the kill in the jungle. And you - you here waiting for him. Maybe he'll strike you or maybe grunt and kiss you, that's if kisses have been discovered yet. His poker night you call it. This party of apes.
Stanley Kowalski: She is as famous in Laurel as if she was the President of the United States, only she is not respected by any party.
Stanley Kowalski: Man, liquor goes fast in the hot weather. You want a shot?
Blanche DuBois: No, I rarely touch it.
Stanley Kowalski: Well, there's some people that rarely touch it, but it touches them often.
Stanley Kowalski: Stella! Come on, Stella!
Stella: I'm not going back in there again, not this time, never going back, never.
Stanley Kowalski: Hey, Stella! Hey, Stellaaa!
Blanche DuBois: I can't stand a naked light bulb, any more than I can a rude remark or a vulgar action.
Mitch: I guess we must strike you as being a pretty rough bunch.
Blanche DuBois: I'm very adaptable to circumstances.
Stanley Kowalski: You think I'm gonna interfere with you?... You know, maybe you wouldn't be bad to interfere with.
Stanley Kowalski: You know what luck is? Luck is believing you're lucky, that's all... To hold a front position in this rat-race, you've got to believe you are lucky
Stella: He smashed all the lightbulbs with the heel of my slipper.
Blanche DuBois: And you let him? Didn't run, didn't scream?
Stella: Actually, I was sorta thrilled by it.
Stella: I never listen to you when you're being morbid.
Blanche DuBois: Is there something wrong with me?
Blanche DuBois: That's for me, I'm sure.
Stanley Kowalski: Just keep your seat, I'm not so sure.
Stanley Kowalski: Some canary bird...
Blanche DuBois: Young, young man. Did anyone ever tell you you look like a young prince out of the 'Arabian Nights'?
Mitch: I like you to be exactly the way that you are, because in all my experience, I have never known anyone like you.
Blanche DuBois: Oh look, we have created enchantment.
Mitch: Poker should not be played in a house with women.
Stanley Kowalski: She moved to the hotel called Flamingo which is a second class hotel that has the advantages of not interfering with the private and social life of the personalities there. Now the Flamingo is used to all kinds of goings-on. But even the management of the Flamingo was impressed by Dame Blanche. And in fact, they were so impressed that they requested her to turn in her room-key for permanently. And this, this happened a couple of weeks before she showed here... The trouble with Dame Blanche was that she couldn't put on her act any more in Oriel because they got wised up. And after two or three dates, they quit and then she goes on to another one, the same old line, the same old act, and the same old hooey. And as time went by, she became the town character, regarded not just as different but downright loco and nuts. She didn't re. sign temporarily because of her nerves. She was kicked out before the spring term ended. And I hate to tell you the reason that step was taken. A seventeen-year-old kid she got mixed up with - and the boy's dad learned about it and he got in touch with the high-school superintendent. And there was practically a town ordinance passed against her.
Blanche DuBois: Marry me, Mitch.
Mitch: No, I don't think I want to marry you anymore... No, you're not clean enough to bring into the house with my mother.
Blanche DuBois: Why, those were a tribute from an admirer of mine.
Stanley Kowalski: He must have had a lot of admiration.
Blanche DuBois: Oh, in my youth I excited some admiration. But look at me now! Would you think it possible that I was once considered to be attractive?
Stanley Kowalski: Your looks are okay.
Blanche DuBois: I was fishing for a compliment Stanley.
Stanley Kowalski: I don't go in for that stuff.
Blanche DuBois: What stuff?
Stanley Kowalski: Compliments to women about their looks. I never met a dame yet that didn't know if she was good-looking or not without being told, and some of them give themselves credit for more than they've got. I once went out with a dame who told me, " I'm the glamorous type," she says, "I am the glamorous type!" I say, "So What?"
Blanche DuBois: And what did she say then?
Stanley Kowalski: She didn't say nothing. That shut her up like a clam.
Blanche DuBois: Did it end the romance?
Stanley Kowalski: It ended the conversation that was all. You know that some men are taken in by all this Hollywood glamour and some just aren't.
Blanche DuBois: I'm sure you belong in the second category.
Stanley Kowalski: That's right.
Blanche DuBois: I cannot imagine any witch of a woman casting a spell over you.
Stanley Kowalski: That's right.
Blanche DuBois: You're simple, straightforward and honest, a little bit on the primitive side, I should think. To interest you a woman would have to...
Stanley Kowalski: To lay her cards out on the table.
Stanley Kowalski: Well I never did care for wishy-washy people. That was why when you walked in last night, I said to myself, "my sister has married a man". Of course that was all I could hope to...
Stanley Kowalski: How about cutting the rebop!
Stella: Stanley! Stanley, you come outside with me and left Blanche finish dressing!
Blanche DuBois: I've finished dressing honey.
Stella: Well you come out then.
Stanley Kowalski: Your sister and I are having a talk.
Stanley Kowalski: Will you shut up!
Stanley Kowalski: No, we got a noisy woman in the place.
Stanley Kowalski: Well what is that? A crown for an empress?
Stella: A rhinestone tiara she wore to a costume ball!
Stanley Kowalski: What is rhinestone?
Stella: Next door to glass.
Stella: You think you're going bowling now?
Blanche DuBois: This old maid, she had a parrot that cursed a blue streak and knew more vulgar expressions than Mr. Kowalski.
Blanche DuBois: Tarantula was the name of it. I stayed at a hotel called the Tarantula Arms.
Mitch: Tarantula Arms?
Blanche DuBois: Yes, a big spider. That's where I brought my victims. Yes, I've had many meetings with strangers.
Stanley Kowalski: How 'bout cuttin' the re-bop?
Stanley Kowalski: Now will you just open your eyes to this stuff here. Now I mean, what - has she got this stuff out of teacher's pay?... Will you look at these fine feathers and furs that she comes to bring herself in here. What is this article? That's a solid gold dress, I believe.
Stella: Oh, honest.
Stanley Kowalski: This one here. What is this, Fox piece?
Stella: Stanley!
Stanley Kowalski: A genuine fur fox a half a mile long... Where are your fox pieces? This is bushy snow-white ones, no less. Where are your white fox furs?
Stella: Those are inexpensive summer furs that Blanche has had a long time.
Stanley Kowalski: Listen, I have an acquaintance who deals in this sort of merchandise and he's coming to make an appraisal.
Stella: Oh, don't be such an idiot, Stanley.
Stanley Kowalski: Listen, Listen, I'm gonna bet you there's a thousand dollars invested in this stuff. Well, now, what is that? That's the treasure chest of a pirate?
Stella: Oh, Stanley! Would you...?
Stanley Kowalski: That's pearls, Stella. Ropes of them. What is this sister of yours, a deep-sea diver? Bracelets, solid gold. Where are your pearls and gold bracelets?
Stella: Be still, Stanley.
Stanley Kowalski: And here you are, Diamonds. A crown for an empress.
Stella: A rhinestone tiara, she wore to a costume ball.
Stanley Kowalski: What is rhinestone?
Stella: Next to glass.
Stanley Kowalski: Yeah.
Blanche DuBois: My, but you have an impressive, judicial air.
Stanley Kowalski: You know, if I didn't know that you was my wife's sister, I would get ideas about you... Don't play so dumb. You know what.
Stanley Kowalski: You're gonna kill who, you dumb jerk? You don't even know when you get wised up. Come on.
Mitch: You don't have to wise me up.
Mitch: Oh I don't mind you being older than what I thought. But all the rest of it. That pitch about your ideals being so old-fashioned and all the malarkey that you've been dishin' out all summer. Oh, I knew you weren't sixteen anymore. But I was fool enough to believe you was straight."
Stanley Kowalski: How about a few more details on that subject... Let's cop a gander at the bill of sale... What do you mean? She didn't show you no papers, no deed of sale or nothin' like that?... Well then, what was it then? Given away to charity?... Oh I don't care if she hears me. Now let's see the papers... Now listen. Did you ever hear of the Napoleonic code, Stella?... Now just let me enlighten you on a point or two... Now we got here in the state of Louisiana what's known as the Napoleonic code. You see, now according to that, what belongs to the wife belongs to the husband also, and vice versa... It looks to me like you've been swindled baby. And when you get swindled under Napoleonic code, I get swindled too and I don't like to get swindled... Where's the money if the place was sold?
Stella: The blind are leading the blind!
Stanley Kowalski: Tiger, tiger. Drop that bottle top. Drop it.
Blanche DuBois: I understand there's to be a card game here tonight to which we ladies are cordially not invited.
Blanche DuBois: That's right.
Blanche DuBois: Where's is Stella?
Stanley Kowalski: She's out there on the porch.
Blanche DuBois: I'm going to ask a favor of you in a moment.
Stanley Kowalski: Well now, what's that going to be, I wonder?
Blanche DuBois: Well, some buttons in back.
Blanche DuBois: You may enter.
Stanley Kowalski: Blanche DuBois: How do I look?
Stanley Kowalski: You look okay.
Blanche DuBois: Well thank you. Now the buttons.
Stanley Kowalski: I can't do no more with them.
Blanche DuBois: You mean with your big clumsy fingers. May I have a drag of your cig?
Stanley Kowalski: Yeah, have one yourself.
Blanche DuBois: Well thank you. It uh It looks like my trunk has exploded.
Stanley Kowalski: Me and Stella was helping you unpack.
Blanche DuBois: Well, you certainly did a fast and thorough job.
Stanley Kowalski: It certainly looks like you raided some stylish shops of Paris, Blanche.
Blanche DuBois: Clothes are my passion.
Stanley Kowalski: How much does it cost for a string of furs like that?
Blanche DuBois: I bought some nice clothes to meet all your lovely friends in. Well... I'm afraid you won't think they're lovely. Well, anyway, I bought nice clothes and I'll wear them.
Blanche DuBois: I guess you're hoping I'll say I'll put up at a hotel. I'm not going to put up at a hotel. I've got to be near you, Stella. I've got to be with people. I can't be alone because... Because as you must have noticed, I... I'm not very well.
Stella: He's on the road a good deal... I can hardly stand it when he's away for a night.
Blanche DuBois: Oh, Stella.
Stella: When he's away for a week, I nearly go wild.
Blanche DuBois: Gracious.
Stella: When he comes back... I cry in his lap like a baby. I guess that's what's meant by being in love.
Blanche DuBois: I - I - I took the blows... on my face and my body. All of those deaths, the long parade to the graveyard. Father, Mother, Margaret, that dreadful way... You just came home in time for funerals, Stella. And funerals are pretty compared to deaths. How do you think all that sickness and dying was paid for? Death is expensive, Miss Stella. And I, with my pitiful salary at the school... Yes, accuse me. Stand there and stare at me, thinking I let the place go. I let the place go? Where were you? In there with your Polack.
Stella: Blanche, be still. That's enough.
Stanley Kowalski: Hey MIIIITCH!
Mitch: COMIIING!
Blanche DuBois: Gracious! What lung power!
Blanche DuBois: I said I was sorry three times!
Stanley Kowalski: Be comfortable. That's my motto up where I come from. You gonna shack up here? Well, I guess I'm gonna strike you as being the unrefined type, huh?
Stella: Mr. Kowalski is too busy making a pig of himself... Your face and your fingers are disgustingly greasy.
Stanley Kowalski: Hey you two hens, cut out that cacklin' in there.
Stella: You can't hear us...
Stanley Kowalski: Well you can hear me, now knock it off!
Stanley Kowalski: Man,liquor goes fast in the hot weather.You want a shot?
Blanche DuBois: No,I rarely touch it.
Stanley Kowalski: Well,there's some people that really touch it,but it touches them often.
Stanley Kowalski: Hey, toots! Canary bird, will you get out of the bathroom!
    