
The Fool: If you won't stay with him, who will? I'm an ignorant man, but I've read a book or two. You may not believe it, but everything in this world has a purpose. Even this pebble, for example.
Gelsomina: Which one?
The Fool: This one. Any one. But even this one has a purpose.
Gelsomina: What's its purpose?
The Fool: Its purpose is - how should I know? If I knew, I'd be...
Gelsomina: Who?
The Fool: The Almighty, who knows everything. When you're born. When you die. Who knows? No, I don't know what this pebble's purpose is, but it must have one, because if this pebble has no purpose, then everything is pointless. Even the stars! At least, I think so. And you too. You have a purpose too.
The Fool: Maybe he likes you?
Gelsomina: Zampanò... likes me?
The Fool: Why not? He's like a dog. Ever see those dogs who look like they want to speak, but all they do is bark?
The Fool: What a funny face! Are you a woman, really? Or an artichoke?
Gelsomina: The Fool is hurt.
Zampanò: Here we have a piece of chain that is a quarter of an inch thick. It is made of crude iron, stronger than steel. With the simple expansion of my pectoral muscles, or chest, that is, I'll break the hook.
Zampanò: Thank you, thank you. Now, to do this feat, I must fill myself up like a tire. If a blood vessel should break, I would spit blood. For instance, in Milan a man weighing 240 pounds lost his eyesight doing this trick. That is because the optical nerves take a beating, and once you lose your eyes, you are finished. If there's any delicate person in the audience, I would advise him to look away 'cause there could be blood.
Gelsomina's Mother: She's not like Rosa. But she's a good girl, poor thing. She'll do what she's told. She just came out a little strange. But, if she eats every day, maybe she'll get better.
Gelsomina's Mother: You want to go with Zampanò and take Rosa's place? He'll teach you a trade. You'll earn some money. And one less mouth to feed around here wouldn't be bad.
Gelsomina's Mother: Gelsomina, Zampanò's a good man. He'll treat you well. You'll travel the world. You'll sing and dance. And look what he gave me: 10,000 lire! I have it here, 10,000 lire! We can fix the roof and these poor things can eat. Why did your father ever leave us?
Zampanò: Come here. There should be something here to fit you. I want you to look elegant. I don't want to see you in rags. My women have always looked smart.
Zampanò: Do only what I tell you to.
Gelsomina: Quiet flame, bright flame, quiet flame, night cries.
Gelsomina: Where are you from?
Zampanò: My hometown.
Gelsomina: You don't talk like us. Where were you born?
Zampanò: My father's house.
Prostitute: Wool? This ain't no wool! I could stick my toes through it.
Prostitute: What line of work are you in?
Zampanò: I'm a traveling artist. This is my sidekick. I taught her everything. When I took her on, she couldn't even quack.
Zampanò: Get in.
Prostitute: Is this piece of junk your car?
Zampanò: Don't you like it?
Prostitute: Are you crazy?
Zampanò: It's American. Hasn't broken down once in seven years.
Gelsomina: You're one of those men who runs around with women.
Zampanò: What?
Gelsomina: Who runs around with women.
Zampanò: If you want to stay with me, you've got to learn one thing - to keep your mouth shut!
Wedding Guest: Long live the bride, fresh as a rose!
Zampanò: You always eat standing up like a horse?
Widow: I always eat on my feet. Who's going to keep the house going if not me?
Widow: For three nights I've been up at 1:00am to cook. Think I'm tired? If I felt like it, I could dance all night long. Us older women are better than young girls.
Zampanò: Why don't you remarry?
Widow: What? Another husband? I'm the only one who gives orders around here.
Zampanò: Is that all a husband is good for? Giving orders?
Widow: Think I'm not made of flesh and blood? Everybody likes sweets after a good meal.
Gelsomina: Do you remember how beautiful it was, Zampanò? Watching the rain from the window that day?
Giraffa: Don't be afraid. He won't eat you. We're all one big family and we all work together. The more the merrier.
The Fool: Don't wait for me to finish. You have to interrupt me! And I told you to blow it over here, silly girl!
The Fool: What if I asked you to come with me? I'll teach you to walk the tightrope, way up in the air, with all the lights on you. I have a car. We'd be traveling all the time. We'd have a world of fun. Would you iike that? But no. "Nothing." You have to stay with Zampanò and perform his ridiculous stunts and let him beat you like a donkey. Such is life.
Nun: Do you like traveling from one place to the next all the time?
Gelsomina: That's how his work is.
Nun: We travel around too. We change convents every two years. This is my second.
Gelsomina: Why?
Nun: So we don't get too attached to the things of this world. You grow fond of where you live, even of a a plant. You risk forgetting your most important attachment, which is to God. So you see, we both travel. You follow your husband and I follow mine.
The Fool: Hey, you broke my watch!     