
Commoner: It's human to lie. Most of the time we can't even be honest with ourselves.
Commoner: But is there anyone who's really good? Maybe goodness is just make-believe.
Priest: What a frightening...
Commoner: Man just wants to forget the bad stuff, and believe in the made-up good stuff. It's easier that way.
Woodcutter: You selfish...
Commoner: What's wrong with that? Dogs are better off in this world. If you're not selfish, you can't survive.
Woodcutter: Damn it. Everyone is selfish and dishonest. Making excuses. The bandit, the woman, the man, and you!
Priest: I don't want to hear it. No more horror stories.
Commoner: They are common stories these days. I even heard that the demon living here in Rashômon fled in fear of the ferocity of man.
Woodcutter: I'm the one who should be ashamed. I don't understand my own soul.
Priest: It's horrifying. If men don't trust each other, this earth might as well be hell.
Commoner: That's right. The world's a kind of hell.
Priest: No! I believe in men. I don't want this place to be hell.
Commoner: Shouting doesn't help. Think about it. Out of these three, whose story is believable?
Woodcutter: No idea.
Commoner: In the end, you cannot understand the things men do.
Commoner: We all want to forget something, so we tell stories. It's easier that way.
Commoner: Well, men are only men. That's why they lie. They can't tell the truth, even to themselves.
Priest: That may be true. Because men are weak, they lie to deceive themselves.
Commoner: Not another sermon! I don't mind a lie if it's interesting.
Commoner: No one tells a lie after he's said he's going to tell one.
Priest: A human life is truly as frail and fleeting as the morning dew.
Commoner: Women use their tears to fool everyone. They even fool themselves.
Priest: Dead men tell no lies.
Tajômaru: I already had you, but I only want you more. It's very hard. I beg you to be my wife.
Priest: War, earthquake, winds, fire, famine, the plague. Year after year, it's been nothing but disasters. And bandits descend upon us every night. I've seen so many men getting killed like insects, but even I have never heard a story as horrible as this. Yes. So horrible. This time, I may finally lose my faith in the human soul. It's worse than worse than bandits, the plague, famine, fire or wars.
Priest: A man's been murdered.
Commoner: So what? Only one? Why, up on top of this gate, there's always five or six bodies. No one worries about them.
Masako: A man has to make a woman his by his sword.
Tajômaru: She became very pale and stared at me as though her eyes were frozen. She looked like a child when it turns suddenly serious. The sight of her made me jealous of that man. I started to hate him. I wanted to show her what he looked like, all tied up like that. I hadn't even thought of a thing like that before, but now I did.
Tajômaru: I saw the couple three days ago. It was a hot afternoon. Suddenly a cool breeze rustle the leaves. If it hadn't been for that wind, I wouldn't have killed him.
Tajômaru: I had never seen such fierceness in a woman.
Woodcutter: I don't understand. I just don't understand. I don't understand it at all. I just don't understand.
Commoner: It sounded interesting, at least while I kept out of the rain. But if it's a sermon, I'd sooner listen to the rain.
Masako: Wait! Stop! Either you die or my husband dies. One of you must die. To have my shame known to two men is worse than dying. I will go with the survivor.
Masako: Wherever. Take me wherever you want.
Masako: A woman loves a man who loves passionately.
Masako: It's you two who are weak!
Masako: If you are my husband, kill this man, then you can tell me to kill myself! But you're not a real man. That is why I was crying. I'm tired of this farce.
Masako: I thought Tajomaru might find some way out.
Masako: I thought that if he would save me I would do anything for him! I wanted you to take me away. I would have been yours!
Masako: But he's not a man, either. He's just like my husband.
Masako: Remember, a woman loves a real man only. She can be won only by the strength of your swords.
Tajômaru: I thought I saw a goddess. At that moment I decided to have her, even if I had to kill her man. But if I could have her without killing, all the better.
Masako: What should a poor, helpless woman like me do?
Masako: Kill that person, please!
Woodcutter: It's a lie. It's all a lie. Tajômaru's story and the woman's.
Commoner: It's human nature to lie. Most of the time we can't even be honest with ourselves.
Priest: That may be. But it's because men are weak that they lie, even to themselves.
Commoner: Not another sermon. I don't care if it's a lie, as long as it's entertaining. What story did the woman come up with?
Priest: Well, it's completely different from Tajômaru's story. So different that her face didn't even show the fierceness he spoke of. She was so docile, she was almost pitiful.
Tajômaru: Here, take it. Look at it. Near here I found this old tomb with things like this in it. I broke it open and inside I found swords, daggers, mirrors... I buried them all here in the woods and no one but me knows where. But if you're interested I might sell some of them to you cheap.     