
Cherry: There are only two things more beautiful than a good gun: a Swiss watch or a woman from anywhere. Ever had a good... Swiss watch?
Mr. Melville: There's three times in a man's life when he has a right to yell at the moon: when he marries, when his children come, and... and when he finishes a job he had to be crazy to start.
Sims Reeves: Plantin' and readin', plantin' and readin'. Fill a man full o' lead, stick him in the ground an' then read words on him. Why, when you've killed a man, why try to read the Lord in as a partner on the job?
Thomas Dunson: We brought nothing into this world and it's certain we can carry nothing out.
Thomas Dunson: When we get back to the ranch, I want you to change the brand. It'll be like this: The Red River D, and we'll add an M to it. You don't mind that, do you?
Matt Garth: No.
Thomas Dunson: You earned it.
Nadine Groot: Never liked seeing strangers. Maybe it's because no stranger ever good newsed me.
Thomas Dunson: Cherry was right. You're soft, you should have let 'em kill me, 'cause I'm gonna kill you. I'll catch up with ya. I don't know when, but I'll catch up. Every time you turn around, expect to see me, 'cause one time you'll turn around and I'll be there. I'm gonna kill ya, Matt.
Groot Nadine: Now wait a minute, Quo. You really ain't gonna take a man's only set of teeth, are you?
Quo: Uh huh.
Groot Nadine: Yeah, but I gotta use 'em for eating!
Quo: Come grub, you get 'em.
Groot Nadine: What are you gonna do with 'em.
Quo: My name now Two Jaw Quo.
Groot Nadine: Two Jaw Quo. That's what I get for playing with an injun.
Teeler Yancy: I shouldn't have run away. I should have stayed and put a bullet in you. I signed a pledge, sure, but you ain't the man I signed it with.
Thomas Dunson: You finished?
Teeler Yancy: Yeah, now you can get your Bible and read over us after you shoot us.
Thomas Dunson: Take 'em to Missouri, Matt!
Groot Nadine: Bet I ate ten pounds in the last sixteen days. Before this shenanigan is over, I'll probably eat enough land to incorporate me in the Union. The state of Groot.
Tess Millay: Whoever would have thought that you two could have killed each other.
Cherry Valance: You're fast with that gun, Matt. Awful fast. But your heart's soft. Too soft. Might get you hurt some day.
Matt Garth: Could be. I wouldn't count on it.
Fernandez: Others have thought as you, señor. Others have tried.
Thomas Dunson: And you've always been good enough to stop them?
Fernandez: Amigo, it is my work.
Thomas Dunson: Pretty unhealthy job.
Thomas Dunson: Give me ten years, and I'll have that brand on the gates of the greatest ranch in Texas. The big house will be down by the river, and the corrals and the barns behind it. It'll be a good place to live in. Ten years and I'll have the Red River D on more cattle than you've looked at anywhere. I'll have that brand on enough beef to feed the whole country. Good beef for hungry people. Beef to make 'em strong, make 'em grow. But it takes work, and it takes sweat, and it takes time, lots of time. It takes years.
Thomas Dunson: I don't like quitters, especially when they're not good enough to finish what they start.
Thomas Dunson: Who are you?
Cherry Valance: Some call me one thing, some another.
Thomas Dunson: What do they call you most?
Cherry Valance: By my name. Cherry Valance.
Sims Reeves: Well, I don't like to see things goin' good or bad. I like 'em in between.
Mr. Melville: I'll buy the drinks when it's over.
Nadine Groot: He didn't know about money, Matt. He never had none. He didn't know what to do.
Matt Garth: You mean he just doesn't know who to fight.
Nadine Groot: Yeah.
Matt Garth: Well that's all right.
Matt, as a boy: How did you know when he was gonna draw?
Thomas Dunson: By watching his eyes. Remember that.
Matt, as a boy: I will.
Thomas Dunson: Get a shovel and my Bible. I'll read over him.
Matthew Garth: Buster, where's Cherry?
Buster McGee: Cherry? Well he figured there was no need two of us coming. One was...
Matthew Garth: Is she pretty?
Buster McGee: Oh, Matt, do you remember that little filly I used to own?
Matthew Garth: That's what I thought.
Title crawl: Among the annals of the great state of Texas may be found the story of the first drive on the famous Chisholm Trail. A story of one of the great cattle herds of the world, of a man and a boy - Thomas Dunson and Matthew Garth, the story of the Red River D.
Title crawl: Early Tales of Texas
Title crawl: In the year 1851, Thomas Dunson accompaned by a friend, Nadine Groot, left St. Louis and joined a wagon train headed for California. Three weeks on the trail found them near the northern border of Texas. The land to the south looked good to...
Thomas Dunson: Go ahead. Say it!
Nadine Groot: You was wrong, Mr. Dunson!
Thomas Dunson: Are you gonna use it?
Matt, as a boy: No, but don't ever try to take it away from me again!
Thomas Dunson: He'll do.
Matt Garth: You'd have shot him between the eyes.
Thomas Dunson: Just as sure as you're standing there.
Nadine Groot: It's funny... funny what the night does to a man.
Nadine Groot: Draw!
Nadine Groot: He beat ya'! You knew'd it was comin' and he beat ya'!
Thomas Dunson: He beat me, alright.
Mr. Melville: You know that young man isn't going to use his gun don't you.
Cherry: Yeah, but I haven't got any such notion.
Matt Garth: What's the best way to the stockyards?
Mr. Melville: Straight through town.
Matt Garth: They're not exactly house broken.     