
Captain of Louisa: By the authority vested in me by Kaiser William the Second I pronounce you man and wife - proceed with the execution.
Charlie Allnut: What are you being so mean for, Miss? A man takes a drop too much once in a while, it's only human nature.
Rose Sayer: Nature, Mr. Allnut, is what we are put in this world to rise above.
Charlie: We can't do that!
Rose: How do you know? You never tried it.
Charlie: Well, yeah, but I never tried shooting myself in the head neither.
Charlie Allnut: Well I ain't sorry for you no more, ya crazy, psalm-singing, skinny old maid!
Charlie Allnut: How'd you like it?
Rose Sayer: Like it?
Charlie Allnut: White water rapids!
Rose Sayer: I never dreamed...
Charlie Allnut: I don't blame you for being scared - not one bit. Nobody with good sense ain't scared of white water...
Rose Sayer: I never dreamed that any mere physical experience could be so stimulating!
Rose: Dear?... Dear?... What is your first name?
Charlie Allnut: I don't know why the Germans would want this God-forsaken place.
Rose Sayer: God has not forsaken this place, Mr. Allnut, as my brother's presence here bears witness.
Rose Sayer: Now that I've had a taste of it I don't wonder why you love boating.
Charlie Allnut: Can you make a torpedo? Well do so Mr. Allnut.
Rose Sayer: Mr. Allnut?
Charlie Allnut: Yes, miss.
Captain of Louisa: I think I shall have to hang you twice.
Charlie: All this fool talk about The Louisa. Goin' down the river...
Rose: What do you mean?
Charlie: I mean we ain't goin' to do nothin' of the sort.
Rose: Why, of course we're going! What an absurd idea!
Charlie: What an absurd idea! What an absurd idea! Lady, I may be a born fool, but you got ten absurd ideas to my one, an' don't you forget it!
Charlie Allnut: Ain't a thing I can do about it.
Charlie Allnut: You know why did the chicken cross the road.
Rose Sayer: I beg your pardon.
Charlie Allnut: Nevermind, miss.
Charlie Allnut: One thing in the world I hate: leeches. Filthy little devils.
Rose Sayer: Dear Lord, We've come to the end of our journey, and in a little while we'll stand before you. I pray for you to be merciful. Judge us not for our weaknesses, but for our love and open the doors of heaven for Charlie and me.
Rose Sayer: Who do you think you are ordering me about?
Charlie Allnut: I'm the captain, that's what!
Charlie Allnut: There ain't nothing so complicated as the inside of a torpedo.
Charlie Allnut: Nothin' a man can't do if he sets his mind to it. Never say die. That's my motto!
Charlie Allnut: Nobody in Africa, but yours truly, can get a good head of steam on the old African Queen.
Charlie: It's a great thing to have a lady aboard with clean habits. It sets the man a good example. A man alone, he gets to living like a hog.
Charlie Allnut: Of course, it'll taste a little rusty, but we can't have everything, can we?
Rose: Oh stop it, Charlie, we've been through all that. I'm certainly not going to outlive you and that's all there is to it!
Rose Sayer: Mr. Allnut! Mr. Allnut, you may come in out of the rain!
Charlie Allnut: Let's go while the going's good.
Charlie Allnut: What a time we had Rosie, what a time we had.
Rose Sayer: Fancy me a heroine.
Rose: Could you see anything, dear?
Charlie Allnut: Yeah. The shaft's twisted like a corkscrew and there's a blade gone off the prop.
Rose: We'll have to mend it, then.
Rose: I never dreamed that any mere physical experience could be so stimulating!
Rose Sayer: Don't be worried, Mr. Allnut.
Charlie Allnut: Oh, I ain't worried, miss. Gave myself up for dead back when we started.
Rose: And when it's smooth and flat like that over there...
Rose: ...does that mean a rock, Mr Allnut?
Charlie Allnut: Rock or hippo, miss. But don't go bumping into no hippo. Makes them awful mad. This boat's only big enough for the two of us.
Rose Sayer: Charlie, let me help you.
Charlie Allnut: How do you mean? What you think you're gonna do?
Rose Sayer: I'm going to go down there too.
Charlie Allnut: Rosie, are you cracked? The currents down there are fierce! I don't want a drownded woman on my hands! What will you be thinking of next?
Charlie Allnut: Fine specimen of a man, ain't I?
Rose Sayer: You're the bravest man that ever lived. You just over-do, that's all. What you need is a few hours' sleep. There, now you're all comfortable. Go to sleep, dear. When you wake up we'll be on our way again.
Charlie Allnut: Rosie?
Rose Sayer: Yes, darling.
Charlie Allnut: You want to know the truth, dont you? Even if we had all our strength we'd never get her off this mud. We're finished.
Rose Sayer: I know it.
Charlie Allnut: But Rosie, I'm not one bit sorry I came. What I mean is, it was worth it.
Captain of Louisa: And where is the African Queen?
Rose: She sank in the storm.
Captain of Louisa: But how did you get onto the lake?
Rose: We came down the Ulanga, the Bora you call it down here.
Captain of Louisa: That's impossible.
Rose: Nevertheless.
Captain of Louisa: But everyone knows it's unnavigable.
Rose: That may be, but we came down it though, didn't we, Charlie? And in the African Queen.
Charlie Allnut: You know, Rosie, I been thinkin'.
Rose Sayer: Yes, Charlie?
Charlie Allnut: Well, there ain't no use in us both going to do it. Now that I've had time to study it, I can plainly see it's a one-man job.
Rose Sayer: You couldn't be more right, Charlie dear.
Charlie Allnut: Well now, Rosie, I'm glad you agree with me. When the time comes I'll put you off on the east shore. You'll wait there while i attend to the Louisa.
Rose Sayer: Certainly not. You're the the one to be put ashore.
Charlie Allnut: Me?
Rose Sayer: This whole thing was my idea. I'm the logical one to carry it out.
Charlie Allnut: What! Rosie, you're a very sensible woman as a rule. Now we won't have any more talk about along those lines.
Rose Sayer: Now, look here, Charlie Allnut, I can manage this boat every bit as well as you can, and you know it!
Charlie Allnut: Rosie, you're cracked!
Rose Sayer: Oh Charlie, we're having our first quarrel.     