
Reporter: And what, in the opinion of Your Highness, is the outlook for friendship among nations?
Princess Ann: I have every faith in it... as I have faith in relations between people.
Joe Bradley: May I say, speaking for my own... press service: we believe Your Highness's faith will not be unjustified.
Princess Ann: I am so glad to hear you say it.
Another reporter: Which of the cities visited did Your Highness enjoy the most?
General Provno: Each, in its own way...
Princess Ann: Each, in its own way, was unforgettable. It would be difficult to - Rome! By all means, Rome. I will cherish my visit here in memory as long as I live.
Princess Ann: I have to leave you now. I'm going to that corner there and turn. You must stay in the car and drive away. Promise not to watch me go beyond the corner. Just drive away and leave me as I leave you.
Joe Bradley: All right.
Princess Ann: I don't know how to say goodbye. I can't think of any words.
Joe Bradley: Don't try.
Princess Ann: Is this the elevator?
Joe Bradley: This is my ROOM!
Princess Ann: Do you have a silk nightgown with rosebuds?
Joe Bradley: I haven't worn a nightgown in years!
Irving Radovich: Joe, we can't go running around town with a hot princess!
Princess Ann: I hate this nightgown. I hate all my nightgowns, and I hate all my underwear too.
Countess: My dear, you have lovely things.
Princess Ann: But I'm not two hundred years old. Why can't I sleep in pajamas?
Countess: Pajamas?
Princess Ann: Just the top part. Did you know that there are people who sleep with absolutely nothing on at all?
Countess: I rejoice to say I do not.
Princess Ann: I've never been alone with a man before, even with my dress on. With my dress off, it's MOST unusual.
Princess Ann: Your Excellency, I trust you will not find it necessary to use that word again. Were I not completely aware of my duty to my family and to my country, I would not have come back tonight... or indeed ever again!
Joe Bradley: Irving! Am I glad to see you!
Irving Radovich: Why? Did you forget your wallet?
Princess Ann: Hello.
Joe Bradley: Hello.
Princess Ann: Mr. Bradley, if you don't mind my saying so, I think you are a ringer.
Joe Bradley: Wha - oh, thanks very much.
Princess Ann: You spent the whole day doing things I've always wanted to. Why?
Joe Bradley: I don't know. Seemed the thing to do.
Irving Radovich: Hit him again, Smitty!
Dr. Bonnachoven: The best thing I know is to do exactly what you wish for a while.
Irving Radovich: She's fair game, Joe. It's always open season on princesses.
Joe Bradley: Where do you live?
Princess Ann: ... Colosseum...
Joe Bradley: She lives in the Colosseum.
Cab Driver: Is wrong address!
Joe Bradley: Tell you what. Why don't we do all those things, together?
Princess Ann: But don't you have to work?
Joe Bradley: Work? No. Today's gonna be a holiday.
Princess Ann: But you want to do a lot of silly things?
Joe Bradley: ... First wish? One sidewalk cafe, comin' right up. I know just the place. Rocca's.
Joe Bradley: Now, come on. You're not that drunk.
Princess Ann: If you're so smart I'm not drunk at all. I'm just being
Princess Ann: verrrrry haaaappy...
Princess Ann: At midnight, I'll turn into a pumpkin and drive away in my glass slipper.
Joe Bradley: And that will be the end of the fairy tale.
Princess Ann: Have I been here all night, alone?
Joe Bradley: If you don't count me, yes.
Princess Ann: So I've spent the night here - with you?
Joe Bradley: Well now, I-I don't know that I'd use those words exactly, but uh, from a certain angle, yes.
Princess Ann: How do you do?
Joe Bradley: How do you do?
Princess Ann: And you are - ?
Joe Bradley: Bradley, Joe Bradley.
Princess Ann: Delighted.
Joe Bradley: You don't know how delighted I am to meet you.
Princess Ann: You may sit down.
Joe Bradley: Thank you very much. What's your name?
Princess Ann: You may call me Anya.
Irving Radovich: Hey, er, anybody ever tell you you're a dead ringer for...
Irving Radovich: Ow! Well, I guess I'll be going!
Joe Bradley: Oh, don't do a thing like that, Irving. Sit down, join us, join us.
Irving Radovich: Well, just till Francesca gets here.
Princess Ann: Tell me, Mr. Radovich, what is a ringer?
Joe Bradley: Oh. Er, it's an American term, and it means anybody who has a great deal of charm.
Princess Ann: Oh. Thank you.
Irving Radovich: You're welcome.
Mario Delani, hairdresser: All off?
Princess Ann: All off.
Mario Delani, hairdresser: Are you sure?
Princess Ann: Yes!
Joe Bradley: All right?
Princess Ann: Fine. How are you?
Joe Bradley: Oh, fine!
Joe Bradley: Say, you know, you were great back there.
Princess Ann: You weren't so bad yourself.
Joe Bradley: Well... I guess we'd better get Irving's car and get out of here.
Joe Bradley: You should always wear my clothes.
Princess Ann: It seems I do.
Joe Bradley: How much would a real interview with this dame be worth?
Mr. Hennessey: Are you referring to Her Highness?
Joe Bradley: I'm not referring to Annie Oakley, Dorothy Lamour, or Madame... How much?
Mr. Hennessey: What do you care? You've got about as much chance...
Joe Bradley: I know, but if I did? How much would it be worth?
Mr. Hennessey: Oh, just a plain talk on world issues, it would probably be worth two hundred and fifty. Her views on clothes, of course, would be worth a lot more, maybe a thousand... dollars.
Joe Bradley: I'm talking about her views on everything!... The private and secret longings of a Princess. Her innermost thoughts as revealed to your own correspondent in a private, personal, exclusive interview.
Joe Bradley: Can't use it, huh? I didn't think you'd like it.
Mr. Hennessey: Come here! Love angle too, I suppose.
Joe Bradley: Practically all love angle.
Mr. Hennessey: With pictures.
Joe Bradley: Could be. How much?
Mr. Hennessey: That particular story will be worth five grand to any news service...
Joe Bradley: ...You said five grand? I want you to shake on that.
Mr. Hennessey: In view of the fact that our Highness was taken violently ill at three o'clock this morning, put to bed with a high fever, and has ordered all her appointments for the day cancelled in toto...
Joe Bradley: That's certainly pretty hard to swallow.
Mr. Hennessey: In view of the fact that you just left her, of course.
Princess Ann: I could do some of the things I've always wanted to.
Joe Bradley: Like what?
Princess Ann: Oh, you can't imagine. I-I'd do just whatever I liked all day long.
Princess Ann: What do you sell?
Joe Bradley: Er, fertilizer.
Joe Bradley: Would you like a cup of coffee?
Princess Ann: What time is it?
Joe Bradley: About one thirty.
Princess Ann: One thirty! I must get dressed and go!
Joe Bradley: *Why*. What's your hurry? There's lots of time.
Princess Ann: No, there isn't, and I've been quite enough trouble to you as it is.
Joe Bradley: Trouble?... You're not what I'd call trouble.
Princess Ann: I'm not?
Joe Bradley: I'll run a bath for you.
News announcer: Paramount News brings you a special coverage of Princess Ann's visit to London, the first stop on her much-publicized goodwill tour of European capitals. She gets a royal welcome from the British, as thousands cheer the gracious young member of one of Europe's oldest ruling families. After three days of continuous activity and a visit to Buckingham Palace, Ann flew to Amsterdam, where Her Royal Highness dedicated the new international aid building and christened an ocean liner, then went to Paris, where she attended many official functions designed to cement trade relations between her country and the Western European nation. And so to Rome, the Eternal City, where the princess' visit was marked by a spectacular military parade highlighted by the band of the crack Bersaglieri regiment. The smiling young princess showed no sign of the strain of the week's continuous public appearances, and at her country's embassy that evening, a formal reception and ball in her honor was given by her country's ambassador to Italy.
Princess Ann: I hate to mention it, but the dizziness is getting worse     