
Leslie Benedict: Money isn't everything, Jett.
Jett Rink: Not when you've got it.
Jordan 'Bick' Benedict: You want to know something, Leslie? If I live to be ninety, I will never figure you out.
Jett Rink: Everybody thought I had a duster. Y'all thought ol' Spindletop Burke and Burnett was all the oil there was, didn't ya? Well, I'm here to tell you that it ain't, boy! It's here, and there ain't a dang thing you gonna do about it! My well came in big, so big, Bick and there's more down there and there's bigger wells. I'm rich, Bick. I'm a rich 'un. I'm a rich boy. Me, I'm gonna have more money than you ever *thought* you could have - you and all the rest of you stinkin' sons of... Benedicts!
Uncle Bawley: Bick, you shoulda shot that fella a long time ago. Now he's too rich to kill.
Jett Rink: I don't know what it might just be a good idea... to gamble 'long with ol' Madama.
Bick Benedict: How do you mean?
Jett Rink: Jus' gamble 'long. Just... keep what she give me.
Jett Rink: I'm sentimental too, Bick.
Jordan Benedict III: You insulted my wife, and you're gonna answer for it!
Leslie Benedict: I said I was sorry about the name calling. It was very impolite, I know, but in principle I was absolutely right.
Bick Benedict: You come down here and you try to tell us how to run things, insultin' my friends and everything. Now, you look here Leslie, you're my wife, Mrs Jordan Benedict, and I'm asking you right now, when are you gonna settle down and behave like everybody else?
Leslie Benedict: Never!
Bick Benedict: Who in Hohenzollern do you think you are, anyhow, Joan of Arc or somethin'?
Jett Rink: You sure do look pretty, Miss Leslie. Pert nigh good enough to eat!
Bick Benedict: Just remember, one of these days, that bourbon's gonna kill you.
Uncle Bawley: Okay, it'll be me or it. One of us has gotta go.
Adarene Clinch: Why, Luz, everybody in this county knows you'd rather herd cattle than make love.
Luz Benedict: Well, there's one thing you got to say for cattle... boy, you put your brand on one of them, you're gonna know where it's at!
Bick Benedict: Leslie... don't behave like that... making a fuss o'er those people. You're a Texan now.
Leslie Benedict: Is that a state of mind? I'm still myself...
Bick Benedict: You're my wife now honey, you're a Benedict.
Leslie Benedict: I still have a mind of my own. Elsewhere being gracious is acceptable.
Bick Benedict: Uh, well, but... we're gracious.
Bick Benedict: You all think that the glory happened here in the East, don't you, with Valley Forge and Bunker Hill? Do you know about San Jacinto? Have you heard about the Alamo?
Luz Benedict: Suppose you came out here to show me how to run things to. Well let's go!
Dr. Horace Lynnton: There he is, there's the stallion. That's War Winds.
Bick Benedict: Beautiful.
Dr. Horace Lynnton: That's my daughter riding him, Leslie.
Dr. Horace Lynnton: Leslie's my daughter. She's riding him.
Bick Benedict: Doctor, that sure is a beautiful animal.
Dr. Horace Lynnton: Yes she, well we'll get to the hoses first thing in the morning. Right now you're coming up to the house and get ready for dinner.
    