
Kikuchiyo: What do you think of farmers? You think they're saints? Hah! They're foxy beasts! They say, "We've got no rice, we've no wheat. We've got nothing!" But they have! They have everything! Dig under the floors! Or search the barns! You'll find plenty! Beans, salt, rice, sake! Look in the valleys, they've got hidden warehouses! They pose as saints but are full of lies! If they smell a battle, they hunt the defeated! They're nothing but stingy, greedy, blubbering, foxy, and mean! God damn it all!
Kikuchiyo: But then who made them such beasts? You did! You samurai did it! You burn their villages! Destroy their farms! Steal their food! Force them to labour! Take their women! And kill them if they resist! So what should farmers do?
Kikuchiyo: Damn... damn... damn... damn...
Kambei Shimada: You were the son of a farmer, weren't you?
Kambei Shimada: Go to the north. The decisive battle will be fought there.
Gorobei Katayama: Why didn't you build a fence there?
Kambei Shimada: A good fort needs a gap. The enemy must be lured in. So we can attack them. If we only defend, we lose the war.
Kambei Shimada: This is the nature of war: By protecting others, you save yourselves. If you only think of yourself, you'll only destroy yourself.
Kambei Shimada: So. Again we are defeated.
Kambei Shimada: The farmers have won. Not us.
Kambei Shimada: Danger always strikes when everything seems fine.
Kambei Shimada: Train yourself, distinguish yourself in war... But time flies. Before your dream materializes, you get gray hair. By that time your parents and friends are dead and gone.
Shichiroji: Kikuchiyo, what on earth are you doing?
Kikuchiyo: I can't kill a lot with one sword!
Kikuchiyo: You fool! Damn you! You call yourself a horse! For shame! Hey! Wait! Please! I apologize! Forgive me!
Farmer Manzo: Old man, I'm worried. The village girls will go crazy over the samurai. If the samurai touch 'em, all hell will break loose.
Gisaku: Bandits are coming, you fool. Your head is on the block and all you think of are your whiskers?
Kyuzo: Killed Two.
Kikuchiyo: This baby... It's me... It's what happened to me!
Gisaku: Find hungry samurai. Even bears come down from the mountains when they are hungry.
Gisaku: All farmers ever do is worry, whether the rain falls, the sun shines or the wind blows. In short, all they know is fear.
Heihachi Hayashida: Haven't you ever seen anyone cut firewood before?
Gorobei Katayama: You seem to enjoy it.
Heihachi Hayashida: That's just the way I am. Yah!
Gorobei Katayama: You're good!
Heihachi Hayashida: Not really. It's a lot harder than killing enemies. Yah!
Gorobei Katayama: Have you killed many?
Heihachi Hayashida: Since it's impossible to kill them all - yah!
Heihachi Hayashida: I usually run away.
Gorobei Katayama: A splendid principle.
Heihachi Hayashida: Thank you. Yah!
Heihachi Hayashida: I'm Heihachi Hayashida, a fencer of the Wood Cutting School.
Gorobei Katayama: How'd you like to kill thirty bandits?
Kambei Shimada: You embarrass me. You're overestimating me. Listen, I'm not a man with any special skill, but I've had plenty of experience in battles; losing battles, all of them. In short, that's all I am. Drop such an idea for your own good.
Katsushiro: No Sir, my decision has been made. I'll follow you sir.
Kambei Shimada: I forbid it. I can't afford to take a kid with me.
Kambei Shimada: It's impossible.
Katsushiro: Sir! Why not arm them with...?
Kambei Shimada: I thought of that, too.
Katsushiro: But sir.
Kambei Shimada: This would not be a game. A band of forty bandits! Two or three "samurai" could accomplish nothing. Defense is harder than offense. Mountains in the back of the village?
Rikichi: Yes!
Kambei Shimada: Can horses get over them?
Rikichi: Yes!
Kambei Shimada: Fields in front. The village is wide open to horsemen... until the fields are flooded. One guard for each direction takes four. Two more as a reserve. You'll need at least... seven, including me.
Kikuchiyo: You again. I see that bald head of yours in my dreams. You had the nerve to ask me if I was a samurai. Didn't you, huh? I never forget a face. Look here, though I look like hell, I'm a real samurai, all right. Here. I got something for you. Damn jerks. Looky here.
Kikuchiyo: There, just you look at this. It's been handed down in my family for generations and generations. And you asked me if I were a samurai! You jerks. Look at this, just look at this! That's me right there.
Kambei Shimada: Kikuchiyo, born on 17 February, the Second Year of Tensho.
Kikuchiyo: What's so damn funny?
Kambei Shimada: You don't look thirteen!
Kikuchiyo: Goddamn samurai...
Katsushiro: Is he really a samurai?
Kambei Shimada: Only in his mind.
Gorobei Katayama: How did you fare?
Kambei Shimada: We let a good fish get away. An excellent swordsman.
Gorobei Katayama: They say the fish that gets away looks bigger than it really is.
Heihachi Hayashida: Actually, kids work harder than adults. But only if you treat them like adults.
Kambei Shimada: You said he'd be a treasure in hard times. The hard times have only just begun.
Kyuzo: Don't you see? A real sword will kill you.
Bandit second-in-command: We'll take this place next.
Bandit Chief: We took it last autumn. They haven't got anything worth taking yet. Let's wait.
Gorobei Katayama: The threshing's done and still no bandits. Everyone's saying they might not come after all.
Kambei Shimada: A tempting thought. But when you think you're safe is precisely when you're most vulnerable.
Katsushiro: He has the real samurai spirit. He is totally fearless. Yet, at the same time, he is gentle, and modest - look how he acted after we went and got that gun. And how he went too - just as though he were going up into the hills to look for mushrooms.
Kikuchiyo: Fascinating. I'm not bored at all, I swear.
Gorobei Katayama: I'm with you. But I have to say that although I understand the farmers' suffering and understand why you would take up their cause, it's your character that I find most compelling. In life one finds friends in the strangest places.
Kikuchiyo: You all make great scarecrows. Problem is, the enemy isn't a bunch of sparrows and crows!
Shichiroji: That bandit said their fort...
Kyuzo: It's hardly a fort.
Kikuchiyo: It's full of holes, like Yohei's underwear.
Old Woman: I don't want to live any more. But I'm afraid the next world will be terrible, too...
Heihachi Hayashida: No, no. It's paradise. No bandits or anything. It's very nice.
Kikuchiyo: How do you know? Ever been dead?
Heihachi Hayashida: You needn't yell at me.
Kambei Shimada: Let's go!
Kambei Shimada: Damn it, what it is it now?
Kikuchiyo: This baby... It's me. This is just what happened to me!
Kikuchiyo: You there, chewing your cud. Can you cut that out? This isn't a cow shed!
Kikuchiyo: Use your balls, if you've got any!
Heihachi Hayashida: We are now seven.
Kikuchiyo: It's me. I'm sleeping here from now on. Those guys cramp my style.
Kikuchiyo: Stop cowering, you idiot! This is your place! You hand over your house and sleep in a barn and you still can't stand up for yourself! Go back to sleep!
Kikuchiyo: Brings back memories.
Farmer Manzo: Consider who we're dealing with here. Give a wolf a taste of your leg and he'll ask for your hand.
Kikuchiyo: Got a problem, gramps?
Gisaku: Nope. All's well now.
Kikuchiyo: Hey, everybody. Give your wives plenty of lovin' tonight, you hear?
Kikuchiyo: Hot damn! Look at all those girls!
Kikuchiyo: Where the hell have you been hiding these girls?
Shichiroji: Manzo, don't be angry. When the dawn threatens our very lives, the weight of it makes us all a little reckless.
Kambei Shimada: We will engage the decisive battle. Fight bravely, Katsushiro... because you now are a real man!
Kikuchiyo: What are you making?
Heihachi Hayashida: A flag.
Kikuchiyo: A flag?
Heihachi Hayashida: Something to hold up, hoist high, you know? Something to stir our fighting spirit.
Kikuchiyo: What do those symbols mean?
Heihachi Hayashida: That means "rice" but it can also mean "farmer".
Kikuchiyo: What about those circles?
Heihachi Hayashida: They're us.
Kikuchiyo: What the hell? Why aren't I there? There's only six of them!
Heihachi Hayashida: The triangle is you, Sir Kikuchiyo.
Shichiroji: Good one!
Katsushiro: A boy should be drilling, not picking flowers!
Woman Farmer: Is there no god to protect us? Land tax, forced labor, war, drought and now bandits! The gods want us farmers dead!
Bandit: Help!
Bandit: Help! Help me!
Kambei Shimada: Back off! He's confessed. He's begging for his life. We can't just cut him to pieces.
Peasant: Leave out of this!
Rikichi: Let me at him!
Gisaku: Let her avenge her son's death in her own way. Make way there. Somebody help her!
Kikuchiyo: You again! I see that bald head of yours in my dreams!
Kikuchiyo: Don't mess with me. I may look like hell, but I'm a real samurai!
Kikuchiyo: Got what you deserved, you mud snails.
Kikuchiyo: Something's upsetting the little bugger, but he won't say what. You can see it all over his face.
Heihachi Hayashida: Those lips of his are bolted up tight as a house.
Kikuchiyo: Does any of you have a cute sister?
Heihachi Hayashida: I see that married couples work a lot better than anyone else. You should get married, huh?
Heihachi Hayashida: Hey, come back! I was just kidding!
Gorobei Katayama: Where shall we start our patrol?
Kambei Shimada: The spot that worries us the most, of course.
Kikuchiyo: Who's there?
Kikuchiyo: Who's there? Come on out!
Kambei Shimada: Kikuchiyo.
Kambei Shimada: You're lucky it was us. If it had been the bandits...
Kambei Shimada: ... You'd be looking for your head.
Gisaku: We fight.
Katsushiro: I'll drill you!
Young Gambler 1: Look at him sobbing.
Young Gambler 2: Misses his wifey.
Young Gambler 1: I'd pay good money to watch the two of 'em going at it.
Heihachi Hayashida: If you lame that horse, Yohei will cry.
Kikuchiyo: With a great rider, any horse can be ridden!     