
Mary Kate Danaher: Could you use a little water in your whiskey?
Michaleen Flynn: When I drink whiskey, I drink whiskey; and when I drink water, I drink water.
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Ah, yes... I knew your people, Sean. Your grandfather; he died in Australia, in a penal colony. And your father, he was a good man too.
Fishwoman with basket at station: Sir!... Sir!... Here's a good stick, to beat the lovely lady.
Mary Kate Danaher: Father, could I... tell you in the Irish?
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Sea, sea.
Mary Kate Danaher: Níor lig mé m'fhear chéile isteach i mo leaba liom aréir. Chuir mé fuinneamh air a chodladh i - Ó, i mála codlata! Mála codlata!
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Céad é sin? "Bag?"
Mary Kate Danaher: Sleeping bag, Father, with... with buttons! Más breá é, níor rith sé ar a shon. An peaca é?
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Woman, Ireland may be a poor country, God help us. But here, a married man sleeps in a bed, not a bag!
Hugh Forbes: Then, a toast: May their days be long and full of happiness; may their children be many and full of health; and may they live in peace... and freedom.
Michaleen Flynn: Well it's a nice, soft night, so I think I'll go and join me comrades and talk a little treason. G'night, Sean.
Thornton: G'night, Michaleen.
Thornton: There'll be no locks or bolts between us, Mary Kate... except those in your own mercenary little heart!
Michaleen Flynn: Is this a courting or a donnybrook? Have the good manners not to hit the man until he's your husband and entitled to hit you back.
Michaleen Flynn: Impetuous! Homeric!
"Red Will" Danaher: He'll regret it till his dying day, if ever he lives that long.
Mary Kate Danaher: It's a bold one you are! Who gave you leave to be kissin' me?
Thornton: So you can talk!
Mary Kate Danaher: Yes I can, I will and I do! And it's more than talk you'll be gettin' if you step a step closer to me!
Thornton: Don't worry - you've got a wallop!
Mary Kate Danaher: You'll get over it, I'm thinkin'.
Thornton: Well, some things a man doesn't get over so easy.
Mary Kate Danaher: Like what, supposin'?
Thornton: Like the sight of a girl coming through the fields with the sun on her hair... kneeling in church with a face like a saint...
Mary Kate Danaher: Saint indeed!
Thornton: ...and now coming to a man's house to clean it for him.
Mary Kate Danaher: But... that was just my way of bein' a good Christian act.
Thornton: I know it was, Mary Kate Danaher. And it was nice of you.
Mary Kate Danaher: Not at all.
Michaleen Flynn: No patty-fingers, if you please. The proprieties at all times. Hold on to your hats.
Michaleen Flynn: He's a nice, quiet, peace-loving man, come home to Ireland to forget his troubles. Sure, yes, yes, he's a millionare, you know, like all the Yanks. But he's eccentric - ooh, he is eccentric! Wait 'til I show ya... his bag to sleep in - a sleeping bag, he calls it! Here, let me show you how it operates.
"Red Will" Danaher: I'll count three, and if you're not out of the house by then, I'll loose the dogs on you.
Thornton: If you say "three," mister, you'll never hear the man count "ten."
Father Paul: Father! Father Lonergan!
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Ssh, ssh, ssh, ssh, ssh.
Father Paul: It's a big fight in the town!
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Listen, there's a big fight in this fish right here, too.
Father Paul: I'd have put a stop to it, but seeing it's...
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: You do that, lad. It's your duty.
Father Paul: But seeing it was Danaher and Sean Thornton...
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: WHO?
Father Paul: Danaher and Sean Thornton!
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: WELL WHY THE DEVIL DIDN'T YOU TELL ME? Oh, you young...
Father Paul: Father, shouldn't we put a stop to it now?
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Ah, we should, lad, yes, we should, it's our duty!
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Now I want youse all to cheer like Protestants!
"Red Will" Danaher: Mind you, I'm fresh as a daisy!
Thornton: You look more like a Black-Eyed Susan to me.
Mary Kate Danaher: What manner of man is it that I have married?
Hugh Forbes: A better one, I think, than you know, Mary Kate.
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Well, then. Now. I'll begin at the beginnin'. A fine soft day in the spring, it was, when the train pulled into Castletown, three hours late as usual, and himself got off. He didn't have the look of an American tourist at all about him. Not a camera on him; what was worse, not even a fishin' rod.
Thornton: I don't get this. Why do we have to get you along? Back in the States, I'd drive up, honk the horn, the gal'd come runnin'...
Mary Kate Danaher: Come a-runnin'? I'm no woman to be honked at and come a-runnin'!
Michaleen Flynn: America - ha! Prohibition! You see that over there? That's the ancestral home of ancient Flynns. It was taken from us by... by... by the Druids!
Michaleen Flynn: Quietest couple I ever heard. We'll get nowhere at this rate. Off with ya!
Michaleen Flynn: She's a fine healthy girl - no patty-fingers if ya please!
Mary Kate Danaher: I have a fearful temper. You might as well know about it now instead of findin' out about it later. We Danahers are a fightin' people.
Thornton: I can think of a lot of things I'd rather do to one of the Danahers - Miss Danaher.
Mary Kate Danaher: Shhh, Mr. Thornton! What will Mr. Flynn be thinkin'?
Michaleen Flynn: ...and her with her freckles and her temper. Oh, that red head of hers is no lie.
Thornton: If anybody had told me six months ago that today I'd be in a graveyard in Innisfree with a girl like you that I'm just about to kiss, I'd have told 'em...
Mary Kate Danaher: Oh, but the kisses are a long way off yet!
Thornton: Huh?
Mary Kate Danaher: Well, we just started a-courtin', and next month, we, we start the walkin' out, and the month after that there'll be the threshin' parties, and the month after that...
Thornton: Nope.
Mary Kate Danaher: Well, maybe we won't have to wait that month...
Thornton: Yup.
Mary Kate Danaher: ...or for the threshin' parties...
Thornton: Nope.
Mary Kate Danaher: ...or for the walkin' out together...
Thornton: No.
Mary Kate Danaher: ...and so much the worse for you, Sean Thornton, for I feel the same way about it myself!
Thornton: Woman-of-the-house! I have brought the brother home to supper!
Mary Kate Danaher: He is kindly welcome.
"Red Will" Danaher: God bless all in this house...
Mary Kate Danaher: Wipe your feet!
"Red Will" Danaher: Thank you mum!
Michaleen Flynn: Two women in the house - and one of them a redhead!
Michaleen Flynn: I have... I have come.
Mary Kate Danaher: Oh, I can see that. But from whose pub was it?
Michaleen Flynn: Pub? Pub? You've the face of an angel with the tongue of an adder. I have a good mind to go about me own business and tell Thon Shorton he's better off without ya!
Mary Kate Danaher: Wait a minute, what was that?
Michaleen Flynn: Well ye be listenin' then and not interrupting the shockelhorn - the matchmaker... I have come at the request of Thon Shorton...
Mary Kate Danaher: Sean Thornton.
Michaleen Flynn: Shut up... bachelor and party of the first part, to ask if you, uh - strictly informally, mind you - eh, Mary Kate Danaher, spinster, and party of the second part.
Mary Kate Danaher: Well. Go on. You were sayin'?
Michaleen Flynn: Actually... me mouth is like a dry crust and the sun is that hot on me pate.
Mary Kate Danaher: Will you be steppin' into the parlor? The house may belong to my brother, but what's in the parlor belongs to me.
Michaleen Flynn: I will then... and I hope there's a bottle there, whoever it belongs to...
Thornton: Can't you get it through your head that I don't care about your money?
Mary Kate Danaher: But he does, and that's the whole point!
Michaleen Flynn: Three Our Fathers and three Hail Marys.
Pat Cohan: Ah, what a day for Innisfree! On a day like this, I can say only one thing - Gentlemen, the drinks are on the house!
Pat Cohan: Well, they are!
"Red Will" Danaher: If you've come for supper, you're late.
Michaleen Flynn: A gracious invitation, but, thank you, no.
"Red Will" Danaher: I'll let you buy me a drink, at your wake! Ha!
Michaleen Flynn: I don't suppose there's a drop of anything wet in the house?
"Red Will" Danaher: Help yourself to the buttermilk.
Michaleen Flynn: Buttermilk!
Michaleen Flynn: The *Borgias* would do better.
Ignatius Feeney: I, I think your in-laws are commin' to pay you visit, Squire darlin'.
"Red Will" Danaher: Have ya had enough?
Thornton: No!
"Red Will" Danaher: Well then, give a man a hand.
Ignatius Feeney: Is that a bed, or a parade ground? A man would have to be a sprinter to catch his wife in a bed like that.
Michaleen Flynn: I... I Think you have more sense then I have me-self.
The Widow Sarah Tillane: So you told him all that, did you?
"Red Will" Danaher: That I did.
The Widow Sarah Tillane: Down at the pub I suppose, and in front of all those big ears with pints in their fists and pipes in their mouths.
Anglican Bishop: Is that a public house?
Reverend Cyril Playfair: Yes, Your Lordship.
Anglican Bishop: And are they going in?
Reverend Cyril Playfair: Yes, Your Lordship.
Anglican Bishop: Does that mean the fight is over?
Reverend Cyril Playfair: No, Your Lordship; it's just the end of round one.
"Red Will" Danaher: So the I.R.A.'s in this too, huh?
Hugh Forbes: If it were, Red Will Danaher, not a scorched stone 'o your fine house'd be standin'.
Michaleen Flynn: A beautiful sentiment!
Thornton: Si' down, si' down. That's what chairs are for.
Michaleen Flynn: None 'o that now, none 'o that. It's a bold sinful man y'are Sean Thornton. And who taught you to be playin' patty-fingers in the Holy Water?
Thornton: Just bein' polite, is all.
Michaleen Flynn: And Mary Kate Danaher dippin' her fingers in as neat as you please.
Michaleen Flynn: I could tell you blood curdling stories about him but, but me throat, me throat's gone dry.
Thornton: Thanks.
Ignatius Feeney: A pound on Thornton against the Squire!
Michaleen Flynn: Go away, ye traiter, ya!
"Red Will" Danaher: Father? Little Flynn?
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Well, I can't say it's true, and I won't say it's not, but there's been talk.
Michaleen Flynn: Sean, this is Father Lonergan. Father, would you believe it? This is Sean Thornton, born right here in Innisfree, home from America.
Thornton: Hello Father.
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Ah yes, I knew your people, Sean. Your grandfather. He died in Australia, in a penal colony. And your father, he was a good man too.
Father Paul: Father, shouldn't we put a stop to it now?
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: Ah we should, lad, yes we should, it's our duty...
Father Peter Lonergan, Narrator: it's our duty...
Reverend Cyril Playfair: Oh by the way, *don't* underestimate Danaher... he may be clumsy, but he has a tremendous right and a jaw of granite.     