
Senator Morton: Poor unfortunate girl.
Barbara Morton: She was a tramp.
Senator Morton: She was a human being. Let me remind you that even the most unworthy of us has a right to life and the pursuit of happiness.
Barbara Morton: From what I hear she pursued it in all directions.
Guy Haines: I may be old-fashioned, but I thought murder was against the law.
Bruno Anthony: Don't worry, I'm not going to shoot you, Mr. Haines. It might disturb Mother.
Bruno Anthony: I admire people who do things.
Barbara Morton: Oh, Daddy doesn't mind a little scandal. He's a senator.
Mrs. Anthony: Well, I do hope you've forgotten about that silly little plan of yours.
Bruno Anthony: Which one?
Mrs. Anthony: About blowing up the White House.
Bruno Anthony: Oh, Ma, I was only fooling. Besides, what would the President say?
Mrs. Anthony: You're a naughty boy, Bruno.
Bruno: My theory is that everyone is a potential murderer.
Barbara Morton: I still think it would be wonderful to have a man love you so much he'd kill for you.
Senator Morton: You had no trouble, of course, with the police once they verified your alibi?
Guy Haines: When an alibi is full of bourbon, sir, it can't stand up.
Minister: I beg your pardon, but aren't you Guy Haines?
Senator Morton: One doesn't always have to say what one thinks.
Mrs. Anthony: Come see my painting.
Mrs. Anthony: Bruno, I do wish you would take up painting. It's such a soothing pastime.
Bruno Anthony: Oh, Mother, you're wonderful. That's the old boy, alright. That's Father.
Mrs. Anthony: Is it? Oh. I was trying to paint Saint Francis.
Guy Haines: It's pretty late to start flirting with a discarded husband.
Bruno Anthony: Criss-cross.
Bruno Anthony: When's the wedding?
Guy Haines: The what?
Bruno Anthony: The wedding. It's in the papers.
Guy Haines: Well, it shouldn't be. Not unless they legalized bigamy overnight.
Mrs. Cunningham: You know, I read of a case once. I think it would be a wonderful idea! I can take him out in the car, and when we get to a very lonely spot, knock him on the head with a hammer, pour gasoline over him and over the car, and set the whole thing ablaze!
Bruno Anthony: And have to walk all the way home? Oh, no.
Mrs. Cunningham: No? Oh...
Bruno Anthony: No, no. I have the best way, and the best tools.
Bruno Anthony: Simple, silent, and quick - the silent part being the most important. Let me show you what I mean. You don't mind if I borrow your neck for a moment, do you?
Mrs. Cunningham: Well... if it's not for long!
Bruno Anthony: I beg your pardon, but aren't you Guy Haines?
Guy Haines: Doesn't that bloodhound ever relax? He sticks so close he's beginning to grow on me - like a fungus.
Det. Leslie Hennessey: Excuse me, madam. We need your help. We're chasing a man.
Dowager: Really? How exciting.
Bruno Anthony: I have a theory that you should do everything before you die.
Bruno: I have the perfect weapon right here: these two hands.
Senator Morton: I'll have him called up immediately.
Barbara Morton: Obstructing the wheels of justice, Daddy?
Bruno Anthony: Everyone has somebody that they want to put out of the way. Oh now surely, Madam, you're not going to tell me that there hasn't been a time that you didn't want to dispose of someone. Your husband, for instance?
Anne Morton: How did you get him to do it?
Guy Haines: I... get him to do it?
Anne Morton: Bruno Anthony. He killed Miriam, didn't he?
Anne Morton: Tell me the truth. Didn't he?
Guy Haines: Yes. He's a maniac. I met him a few weeks ago on the train going to Metcalf. Over some small talk, he had some crazy scheme about exchanging murders. I'd do his murder; he'd do mine.
Anne Morton: What do you mean "your murder" Guy?
Guy Haines: Bruno read about me in the newspapers. He knew all about Miriam, and about you. He suggested that if he got rid of Miriam for me, I should kill his father.
Anne Morton: But you must have known he was only talking nonsense.
Guy Haines: But he wasn't! He really wasn't joking about swapping murders! Of course I didn't give it another thought. And now a lunatic wants me to kill his father.
Anne Morton: It's too fantastic.
Guy Haines: Yes, isn't it?
Anne Morton: You mean, you've known about Miriam all this time?
Guy Haines: Since the first night. He gave me her glasses and told me what he did.
Anne Morton: Why didn't you call the police? Why didn't you turn Bruno in right away?
Guy Haines: And have them say to me what you just said? "Mr. Haines, how did you get him to do it? Confess, Mr. Haines! How did you get Bruno Anthony to murder your wife?" Bruno would tell them that we planned it together.
Bruno Anthony: How do you do, sir? I'd like to talk with you sometime, sir, and tell you about my idea for harnessing the life force. It'll make atomic power look like the horse and buggy. I'm already developing my faculty for seeing _millions_ of miles. And Senator: can you imagine being able to smell a flower - on the planet Mars? I'd like to have lunch with you someday soon, sir. Tell you more about it.
Guy Haines: You crazy maniac! Would you please get out of here and leave me alone?
Bruno Anthony: But Guy... I like you.
Senator Morton: This is a nice item for the gossips. First thing you know, they'll be talking about orgies.
Barbara Morton: Who's the interesting-looking Frenchman with the Darvilles?
Guy Haines: His name's Antony... he's not French.
Bruno Anthony: I'm afraid I don't know what a 'smoocher' is.     