
Mrs. Atwater: Do you know when I was a girl I used to read quite a bit.
Brandon: We all do strange things in our childhood.
Brandon: I've always wished for more artistic talent. Well, murder can be an art, too. The power to kill can be just as satisfying as the power to create.
Brandon: What are you doing?
Rupert Cadell: It's not what I'm going to do, Brandon. It's what society is going to do. I don't know what that will be, but I can guess, and I can help. You're going to die, Brandon. Both of you. You are going to die.
Rupert Cadell: Brandon's spoken of you.
Janet: Did he do me justice?
Rupert Cadell: Do you deserve justice?
Phillip: Rupert only publishes books *he* likes... usually philosophy.
Janet: Oh. Small print, big words, no sales.
Brandon: Rupert's extremely radical. Do you know that he selects his books on the assumption that people not only can read but actually can think?
Rupert Cadell: Did you think you were God, Brandon?
Brandon: Of course, he was a Harvard graduate. That might be grounds for justifiable homicide.
Brandon: Nobody commits a murder just for the experiment of committing it. Nobody except us.
Phillip: I never strangled a chicken in my life!
Brandon: Good and evil, right and wrong were invented for the ordinary average man, the inferior man, because he needs them.
Brandon: It is a little difficult trying to keep up with your romances. After me came Kenneth, now it's David. Why the, the switch from Kenneth to David anyway?
Janet: Obviously I think he's nicer.
Brandon: Well, he's certainly richer.
Janet: That's a new low... even for you, chum.
Brandon: Mrs. Wilson, champagne!
Kenneth: Oh, it isn't someone's birthday is it?
Brandon: Don't look so worried, Kenneth. It's, uh, really almost the opposite.
Brandon: We killed for the sake of danger and for the sake of killing.
Brandon: I've always thought that it was out of character for David to drink anything as corrupt as Whiskey.
Phillip: Out of character for him to be murdered, too.
Brandon: Determined to get drunk, aren't you?
Phillip: I am drunk.
Brandon: And just as childish as you were before when you called me a liar.
Phillip: You had no business telling that story.
Brandon: Why did you lie anyway?
Phillip: I had to! Have you ever bothered for just one minute to understand how someone else might feel?
Brandon: I'm not sentimental if that's what you...
Phillip: No, that's not what I mean; but it doesn't matter. Nothing matters... except that Mr. Brandon liked the party. Mr. Brandon gave the party. Mr. Brandon had a delightful evening. Well, I had a rotten evening!
Brandon: Keep drinking, and you'll have a worse morning.
Phillip: At least if I have a hangover, it'll be all mine!
Rupert Cadell: Personally, I think a chicken is as good a reason for murder as a blonde, a mattress full of dollar bills or any of the customary, unimaginative reasons.
Janet: Well, now, you don't really approve of murder, Rupert? If I may?
Rupert Cadell: You may... and I do. Think of the problems it would solve: unemployment, poverty, standing in line for theatre tickets...
Rupert Cadell: By what right do you dare to say that there's a superior few to which you belong?
Rupert Cadell: You're quite a good chicken strangler as I recall.
Brandon: The good Americans usually die young on the battlefield, don't they? Well, the Davids of this world merely occupy space, which is why he was the perfect victim for the perfect murder. Course he, uh, he was a Harvard undergraduate. That might make it justifiable homicide.
Rupert Cadell: After all, murder is - or should be - an art. Not one of the 'seven lively', perhaps, but an art nevertheless. And, as such, the privilege of committing it should be reserved for those few who are really superior individuals.
Brandon: And the victims: inferior beings whose lives are unimportant anyway.
Rupert Cadell: Obviously. Now, mind you, I don't hold with the extremists who feel that there should be open season for murder all year round. No, personally, I would prefer to have..."Cut a Throat Week"... or, uh, "Strangulation Day"...
Brandon: That's where we're superior, Phillip. We have courage. Rupert doesn't.
Mrs. Wilson: Mr. Cadell got a bad leg in the war for his courage. And you've got your sleeve in the celery, Mr. Phillip.
Mrs. Wilson: If I were you, I would go easy on the pâté, dear. Calories.
Brandon: But why should I want to come back?
Phillip: Yes, why?
Brandon: For the pleasure of our company, or another drink?
Rupert Cadell: That's a very good idea. May I have one for the road?
Brandon: It's only a piece of rope Phillip, an ordinary household article. Why hide it?
Brandon: Would you mind taking this in to Janet?
Kenneth: Sure. Why?
Brandon: No particular reason. I thought you'd like to take it to her. She's in the bedroom.
Kenneth: Then you'd like David to walk in.
Brandon: No, that'd be too much of a shock.
Phillip: They're coming.
Rupert Cadell: Well, well, well, Kenneth Lawrence, how you've grown.
Kenneth: Hello, uh, Mr...
Rupert Cadell: Come on, Ken. School's out, you can say it.
Kenneth: Rupert, you're the same as ever. It's awfully good to see you again.
Rupert Cadell: Why?
Brandon: Now look, I'm not going to get caught because of you or anyone else. Nobody is going to get in my way now.
Brandon: Open it.
Janet: Why can't he keep his hands off people?
Brandon: It's the darkness that's got you down. Nobody feels really safe in the dark.
Brandon: What a lovely evening. Pity we couldn't have done it with the curtains open in the bright sunlight.
Mr. Kentley: Probably a symptom of approaching senility, but I must confess I really don't appreciate this morbid humour.
Rupert Cadell: The humour was unintentional.
Rupert Cadell: I don't know what you thought, but I know what you've done. You've murdered! You've strangled a fellow human being who could live and love as you never could. And never will again.
Brandon: It's a trifle late for that, don't you think?
Phillip: You don't think the party's a mistake?
Brandon: No, it's the finishing touch to our work.It's more.It's the signature of the artists.Not having it would be like, uh...
Phillip: Painting the picture and not hanging it?
Brandon: That's not a good choice of words.
Phillip: It may end up too choice, thanks to the party.
Phillip: How did it feel... during it.
Brandon: I don't remember feeling very much of anything... until his body went limp and I knew it was over. I felt tremendously exhilarated. How did you feel?     