
Lady Sarah: Abigail has done this. She does not love you.
Queen Anne: Because how could anyone? She wants nothing from me. Unlike you.
Lady Sarah: She wants nothing from you. And yet somehow she is a lady. With 2000 a year, and Harley sits on your knee most nights.
Queen Anne: I wish you could love me as she does!
Lady Sarah: You wish me to lie to you? "Oh you look like an angel fallen from heaven, your majesty." No. Sometimes, you look like a badger. And you can rely on me to tell you.
Queen Anne: Why?
Lady Sarah: Because I will not lie! That is love!
Queen Anne: Some wounds do not close; I have many such. One just walks around with them and sometimes one can feel them filling with blood.
Queen Anne: Did you just look at me?
Queen Anne: Did you? Look at me! LOOK AT ME!
Queen Anne: HOW DARE YOU! CLOSE YOUR EYES!
Lady Sarah: You look like a badger.
Abigail: As it turns out, I'm capable of much unpleasantness.
Godolphin: Obviously you have chosen to keep the particulars of your dismissal from me. I shall leave a gap in the conversation for you to remedy that.
Godolphin: I do not know of women and their feelings, but I know they nurse their hurts like wailing newborns.
Lady Sarah: Godolphin, I have a surge of desire to see your nose broken. Your point?
Abigail: Lady Marlborough.
Lady Sarah: Oh, dear. The servant is dressed in the clothes of a lady. How... whimsical.
Abigail: My dear friend and cousin, how good to see you've returned from...
Lady Sarah: Hell. I'm sure you shall pass through it one day.
Queen Anne: Rub my legs.
Abigail: Have you come to seduce me, or rape me?
Masham: I am a gentleman.
Abigail: So, rape then.
Lady Sarah: Anne, you are too sensitive.
Queen Anne: And you are too mean and uncaring, some days.
Lady Sarah: Some days I'm quite lovely though. Let's think on them!
Lady Sarah: Mrs Meg, your cream bill is outrageous. Are you bathing in it to help your hemorrhoids?
Harley: Might I remind you, you are not the queen.
Lady Sarah: No, she has sent me to speak for her. She is unwell.
Godolphin: What says she?
Lady Sarah: That Harley is a fop and a prat and smells like a ninety-six-year-old French whore's vajuju.
Queen Anne: They were all staring, weren't they? I can tell even if I can't see. And I heard the word fat! Fat and ugly!
Lady Sarah: Anne, no one but me would dare and I did not.
Harley: Must the duck be here?
Godolphin: Fastest duck in the city. Horatio is a prize worth stealing, he does not leave my side.
Lady Sarah: You do not lisp but you are mad. Giving me a palace?
Queen Anne: I have been wanting to give you something for quite some time now. Seemed like the perfect opportunity with Marlborough winning.
Lady Sarah: It is a monstrous extravagance, Mrs. Morley. We are at war.
Queen Anne: We won!
Lady Sarah: Oh, it is not over. We must continue.
Queen Anne: Oh. Oh, I did not know that.
Lady Sarah: Your mascara is running. If you want to fix yourself we can discuss this later.
Lady Sarah: Where am I?
Mae: You're in heaven. That's God. You'll meet him later.
Lady Sarah: Sometimes a lady likes to have some fun.
Abigail: My life is like a maze that I continually think I've gotten out of only to find another corner right in front of me.
Lady Sarah: There are limits to what one can give.
Harley: You are in favour. But favour is a breeze that shifts direction all the time.
Godolphin: A man's dignity is the one thing that holds him back from running amok.
Abigail: Obviously you still have some anger to expiate. I'll allow it this once.
Lady Sarah: Congratulations on your wedded bliss.
Abigail: Abigail: If your husband dies?
Lady Sarah: Did you not sacrifice your cunt for a fatty German to save your father?
Abigail: Yes.
Lady Sarah: There is always a price to pay. I am prepared to pay it.
Harley: I wish to make a statement to the queen.
Lady Sarah: State it to me. I love a comedy. Is there cake?
Abigail: You should lie down.
Queen Anne: You shall speak when asked to! I feel dizzy, I need to hold on to something.
Queen Anne: I like it when she puts her tongue inside me.
Harley: It is important to make new friends, is it not?
Abigail: Yes. If that's what's actually happening here, and not veiled threats under the guise of civility.
Harley: So what's been happening?
Abigail: The queen and Lady Marlborough are to race lobsters, and then eat them.
Harley: Do you want to get punched?
Lady Sarah: Let's shoot something!
Queen Anne: Oh it is fun to be queen sometimes!
Abigail: When I was 15, my father lost me in a card game.
Lady Sarah: You are not serious.
Abigail: He was very upset about it. Took off into the forest with nothing but a scullery maid and a dozen bottles for solace.
Lady Sarah: I love you, but that I will not do.
Queen Anne: If you love me...
Lady Sarah: Love has limits.
Queen Anne: It should not.
Queen Anne: What happened to your dress?
Abigail: Wolves.
Lady Sarah: If you do not go, I will start kicking you and I will not stop.
Lady Sarah: None for the queen.
Queen Anne: What?
Lady Sarah: Well you cannot have hot chocolate. Your stomach, the sugar inflames it.
Queen Anne: Abigail, hand me that cup!
Lady Sarah: Do not.
Abigail: I'm sorry. I do not know what to do.
Lady Sarah: Oh fine, give it to her. And you can get a bucket and mop for the aftermath.
Abigail: You're so beautiful.
Queen Anne: Stop it, you mock me.
Abigail: I do not. If I were a man, I would ravish you!
Masham: I am as hard as a rock, and it is our wedding night.
Queen Anne: How was my speech?
Lady Sarah: You were brilliant.
Queen Anne: Did I lisp?
Lady Sarah: You don't lisp.
Queen Anne: I know. That was what was so troubling about it. The thought that I suddenly did.
Abigail: I hoped I might be employed here. By you. As something.
Lady Sarah: A monster for the children to play with, perhaps?
Abigail: This mud stinks.
Sally: They shit in the streets around here. Political commentary they call it.
Harley: Are you all right?
Abigail: Can I ask you something?
Lady Sarah: As long as you're aware that I have a gun.
Lady Sarah: If you offer me tea, you will forgive me if I don't accept.     