
Beast: You you came back.
Belle: Of course I came back. I couldn't let them. Oh, this is all my fault!
Belle: If only I had gotten here sooner.
Beast: Maybe maybe it's better it's better this way.
Belle: Don't talk like that! You'll be alright. We're together now. Everything's going to be fine, you'll see.
Beast: And at least at least I got to see you one last time.
Belle: No, No! Please. Please. Please don't leave me.
Belle: I love you!
Narrator: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a young prince lived in a shining castle. Although he had everything his heart desired, the prince was spoiled, selfish, and unkind. But then, one winter's night, an old beggar woman came to the castle and offered him a single rose in return for shelter from the bitter cold. Repulsed by her haggard appearance, the prince sneered at the gift and turned the old woman away. But she warned him not to be deceived by appearances, for beauty is found within. And when he dismissed her again, the old woman's ugliness melted away to reveal a beautiful enchantress. The prince tried to apologize, but it was too late, for she had seen that there was no love in his heart. And as punishment, she transformed him into a hideous beast and placed a powerful spell on the castle and all who lived there. Ashamed of his monstrous form, the beast concealed himself inside his castle, with a magic mirror as his only window to the outside world. The rose she had offered was truly an enchanted rose, which would bloom until his 21st year. If he could learn to love another, and earn her love in return by the time the last petal fell, then the spell would be broken. If not, he would be doomed to remain a beast for all time. As the years passed, he fell into despair and lost all hope. For who could ever learn to love a beast?
Gaston: Lefou, I'm afraid I've been thinking.
Lefou: A dangerous pastime.
Gaston: I know!
Beast: I want to do something for her. But what?
Cogsworth: Well, there's the usual things. Flowers, chocolates, promises you don't intend to keep.
Lumiere: No, no! It's got to be more something more special than that!
Gaston: How can you read this? There's no pictures!
Belle: Well, some people use their imagination.
Beast: That hurts!
Belle: If you'd hold still, it wouldn't hurt as much!
Beast: Well, if you hadn't have run away, this wouldn't have happened!
Belle: If you hadn't frightened me, I wouldn't have run away!
Beast: Well you shouldn't have been in the West Wing!
Belle: Well, you should learn to control your temper!
Belle: Now, hold still. This might sting a little.
Belle: By the way, thank you for saving my life.
Beast: You're welcome.
Cogsworth: Well, Your Highness, I must say everything is going just swimmingly. I knew you had it in you, ha ha!
Beast: I let her go.
Cogsworth: Huh, huh, huh! Yes, yes, spled...
Cogsworth: You what? How could you do that?
Beast: I had to.
Cogsworth: Yes, but, but, but but why?
Beast: Because I love her.
Beast: She glanced this way, I thought I saw. And when we touched, she didn't shudder at my paw. No, it can't be; I'll just ignore. But then, she's never looked at me that way before.
Belle: I want adventure in the great wide somewhere. / I want it more than I can tell. / And for once it might be grand / To have someone understand / I want so much more than they've got planned.
Gaston: This is the day your dreams come true.
Belle: What do you know about my dreams, Gaston?
Gaston: Plenty! Here, picture this: A rustic hunting lodge, my latest kill roasting on the fire, and my little wife massaging my feet, while the little ones play on the floor with the dogs. We'll have six or seven.
Belle: Dogs?
Gaston: No, Belle! Strapping boys, like me!
Belle: Imagine that.
Gaston: And do you know who that little wife will be?
Belle: Let me think.
Gaston: You, Belle!
Belle: Gaston, I'm-I'm speechless. I really don't know what to say.
Gaston: Say you'll marry me!
Belle: I'm very sorry, Gaston but but I just don't deserve you!
Belle: Oh, isn't this amazing / It's my favorite part because, you'll see / Here's where she meets Prince Charming / But she won't discover that it's him / 'Til chapter three.
Cogsworth: As you can see, the pseudo-façade was stripped away to reveal the minimalist Rococo design. Note the unusual inverted vaulted ceilings.
Cogsworth: This is yet another example of the late neoclassic Baroque period. And, as I always say, "If it's not Baroque, don't fix it!".
Cogsworth: As you were!
Prince Adam: Belle it's me!
Belle: It is you!
Beast: I thought I told you to come down to dinner!
Belle: I'm not hungry!
Beast: You'll come out, or I'll-I'll-I'll break down the door!
Lumiere: Master, I could be wrong, but that might not be the best way to win the girl's affections.
Cogsworth: Please. Attempt to be a gentlemen.
Beast: But, she's being so difficult!
Mrs. Potts: Gently. Gently.
Beast: Will you come down to dinner?
Belle: No!
Beast: Hmm?
Cogsworth: Ah-ah-ah, suave, genteel.
Beast: It would give me great pleasure
Beast: if you would join me for dinner.
Cogsworth: We say please.
Beast: Please?
Belle: No thank you!
Beast: You can't stay in there forever!
Belle: Yes, I can!
Beast: Fine! Then go ahead and *starve!*
Beast: If she doesn't eat with *me*, then she doesn't eat at all!
Mrs. Potts: Oh dear. That didn't go very well at all, did it?
Beast: Oh, it's no use. She's so beautiful, and I'm. Well, look at me!
Mrs. Potts: Oh, must help her to see past all that.
Beast: I don't know how.
Mrs. Potts: Well, you can start by making yourself more presentable. Straighten up. Try to act like a gentleman.
Lumiere: Ah, yes. When she comes in give her a dashing, debonair smile. Come, come, show me the smile.
Mrs. Potts: But don't frighten the poor girl!
Chip: Do I still have to sleep in the cupboard?
Gaston: If I didn't know better, I'd think you had feelings for this monster.
Belle: He's no monster Gaston. You are!
Lumiere: Ma chère mademoiselle. It is with deepest pride and greatest pleasure that we welcome you tonight. And now, we invite to relax, let us pull up a chair, as the dining room proudly presents your dinner.
Cogsworth: Enchanted? Ha-ha ha-ha! Who said anything about the castle being enchanted? Ha-ha-ha.
Cogsworth: It was you, wasn't it?
Beast: Who are you? What are you doing here?
Maurice: I-I-I was lost in the woods, and-and.
Beast: You're not welcome here!
Maurice: I-I-I'm sorry.
Beast: What're you staring at?
Maurice: N-nothing.
Beast: So, you've come to stare at the Beast have you?
Maurice: Please, I meant no harm. I-I just need a place to stay.
Beast: I'll give you a place to stay.
Maurice: No, no! Please! Don't, no!
Lumiere: Be our guest, be our guest, put our service to the test / Tie your napkin round your waist, cheri, and let us provide the rest / Soup du jour? Hors d'oeuvres? Why, we only live to serve / Try the gray stuff, it's delicious! Don't believe me? Ask the dishes! / They can sing, they can dance, after all, Miss, this is France / And a dinner here is never second best / Come on, unfold our menu, / Take a glance and then you / will be our guest / Oui, our guest, Be our guest!
Lumiere: Beef ragoune, cheese soufflé, pie and pudding en flambé / We'll prepare and serve with flair, a culinary cabaret / You're alone and you're scared, but the banquet's all prepared / No one's gloomy or complaining, while the flatware's entertaining / We tell jokes, I do tricks, with my fellow candlesticks / And it's all in perfect taste, that you can bet! / Come on and fill your glass / You've won your own free pass / To be our guest / If you're stressed, it's fine dining we suggest! Be our guest, be our guest, be our guest!
Lumiere: Life is so unnerving, for a servant who's not serving / He's not whole, without a soul, to wait upon! Ah, those good old days when we were useful... suddenly those good old days are gone / Ten years we've been rusting, needing so much more than dusting / Needing exercise, a chance to use our skill! / Most days, we just lay around the castle / Flabby fat and lazy, then you walked in and oops-a-daisy!
Mrs. Potts: It's a guest! It's a guest! Sakes alive and I'll be blessed! / Wine's been poured, and thank the Lord I've had the napkins freshly pressed / With dessert, she'll want tea, and my dear, that's fine with me / While the cups do their soft-shoeing I'll be bubbling, I'll be brewing / I'll get warm, piping hot... Heaven's sakes, is that a spot? / Clean it up! We want the company impressed! / We've got a lot to do! / Is it one lump or two? / For our guest! She's our guest!
Chorus: Be our guest! Be our guest! Our command is your request! / It's been ten years since we had anybody here, and we're obsessed! / With your meal, with your ease, yes indeed, we aim to please / While the candlelight's still glowing, let us help you, we'll keep going...
Lumiere, Mrs. Potts, Chorus: Course by course! One by one! / Till you shout "Enough! I'm done!" / And we send you off to sleep as you digest! / Tonight, you'll prop your feet up / But for now let's eat up / Be our guest! Be our guest! Be our guest! Please be our guest!
Lumiere: Voilà! Oh, you look so, so...
Beast: Stupid.
Lumiere: Not quite the word I was looking for. Perhaps a little more off the top.
Cogsworth: Your lady awaits.
Cogsworth: Couldn't keep quiet, could we? Just had to invite him to stay, didn't we?
Cogsworth: 'Serve him tea. Sit in the master's chair. Pet the pooch!'
Lumiere: I was trying to be hospitable.
Lumiere: Impress her with your rapier wit.
Mrs. Potts: But be gentle.
Lumiere: Shower her with compliments.
Mrs. Potts: But be sincere.
Lumiere: And above all.
Lumiere, Mrs. Potts: You must control your temper!
Gaston: Hello, Belle!
Belle: Bonjour, Gaston. Gaston, may I have my book, please?
Gaston: How can you read this? There's no pictures!
Belle: Well, some people use their imagination.
Gaston: Belle, it's about time you got your head out of those books and pay attention to more important things. Like me.
Gaston: The whole town's talking about it. It's not right for a woman to read. Soon she starts getting ideas and thinking...
Belle: Gaston, you are positively primeval.
Gaston: Why, thank you Belle! What do you say you and me take a walk over to the tavern and take a look at my trophies?
Belle: Maybe some other time.
Bimbette: What's wrong with her? She's crazy! He's gorgeous!
Belle: Please Gaston I can't, I have to get home to help my father, goodbye.
Lefou: Ha ha ha! That crazy old loon! He needs all the help he can get!
Belle: Don't talk about my father that way!
Gaston: Yeah! Don't talk about her father that way!
Belle: My father's not crazy, he's a genius!
Beast: Why did you come here?
Belle: I'm-I'm sorry.
Beast: I warned you never to come here.
Belle: I didn't mean any harm.
Beast: Do you realize what you could have done?
Belle: Please stop.
Beast: Get out!
Belle: No!
Beast: Get out!
Gaston, Lefou: No one plots like Gaston.
Gaston: Takes cheap shots like Gaston.
Lefou: Plans to persecute harmless crackpots like Gaston!
Gaston: I use antlers in all of my decorating!
Monsieur D'Arque: I don't usually leave the asylum in the middle of the night, but he said you'd make it worth my while.
Monsieur D'Arque: Ah, I'm listening.
Gaston: It's like this: I've got my heart set on marrying Belle, but she needs a little persuasion.
Lefou: Turned him down flat.
Gaston: Everyone knows her father's a lunatic. He was in here tonight, raving about a beast in a castle.
Monsieur D'Arque: Maurice is harmless.
Gaston: The point is, Belle would do anything to keep him from being locked up.
Lefou: Yeah, even marry him.
Monsieur D'Arque: So you want me to throw her father into the asylum unless she agrees to marry you?
Monsieur D'Arque: Oh, that is despicable.
Monsieur D'Arque: I love it!
Cogsworth: Well, perhaps there's something there that wasn't there before.
Chip: What?
Mrs. Potts: There may be something there that wasn't there before.
Chip: What's there, Mama?
Mrs. Potts: Shh. I'll tell you when you're older.
Villagers: We don't like what we don't understand, in fact it scares us, and this monster is mysterious at least.
Gaston: Come on out and fight!
Gaston: Were you in love with her, Beast? Did you honestly think she'd want you? When she had someone like me?
Beast: I'll show you to your room.
Belle: My room? But I thought.
Beast: Do you wanna stay in the tower?
Belle: No.
Beast: Then follow me.
Lumiere: Master.
Beast: What?
Lumiere: Since the girl is going to be with us for quite some time, I was just thinking - you might want to offer her a more comfortable room.
Beast: Lumiere: Then again, maybe not!
Gaston: Here in town there's only she, who is beautiful as me! So I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle!
Chip: Mama, there's a girl in the castle!
Mrs. Potts: Now Chip, I'll not have you making up such wild stories.
Chip: Really, Mama, I saw her!
Mrs. Potts: Not another word, into the tub.
Chip: But. What?
Featherduster: A girl! I saw a girl in the castle!
Featherduster: Chip: See? I told ya.
Belle: Is anyone here?
Maurice: Belle?
Belle: Papa?
Maurice: H-how did you find me?
Belle: Oh, your hands are like ice. We need to get you out of here.
Maurice: Belle, I want you to leave this place.
Belle: Who's done this to you?
Maurice: No time to explain. You must go, now.
Belle: I won't leave you.
Beast: What are you doing here?
Maurice: RUN BELLE!
Belle: Who's there? Who are you?
Beast: The master of this castle!
Belle: I've come for my father. Please, let him out! Can't you see, he's sick?
Beast: Then he shouldn't have trespassed here!
Belle: But he could die! Please, I'll do anything!
Beast: There's nothing you can do! He's my prisoner.
Belle: Oh, there must be some way I can. Wait! Take me instead.
Beast: You? You would take his place?
Maurice: Belle, no! You don't know what you're doing!
Belle: If I did, would you let him go?
Beast: Yes. But you must promise to stay here forever!
Belle: Come into the light.
Maurice: No, Belle! I won't let you do this!
Belle: You have my word.
Beast: Done!
Maurice: No Belle! I'm old, I've lived my life!
Belle: Wait! Wait!
Gaston: I'd like to thank you all for coming to my wedding. But first I'd better go in there and uh, propose to the girl!
Beast: You will join me for dinner.
Beast: That's not a request!
Featherduster: I've been burnt by you before!
Cogsworth: Well, Lumiere, old friend. Shall we let bygones be bygones?
Lumiere: Of course, mon ami. I told you she would break the spell!
Cogsworth: I beg your pardon, old friend, but I believe I told you.
Lumiere: No, you didn't. I told you!
Cogsworth: You most certainly did not, you pompous, paraffin-headed peabrain!
Lumiere: En garde, you you overgrown pocket watch!
Gaston: It's over, Beast! Belle is mine!
Gaston: Let me go! Let me go, please! Don't hurt me! I'll do anything! Anything!
Beast: Get out!
Belle: Belle: "And there never was a story of more woe, than this of Juliet and her Romeo."
Beast: Hmm. Could you read it again?
Belle: Why here?
Belle: Why don't you read it to me?
Beast: Uhh.
Beast: Alright.
Beast: I can't.
Belle: You mean, you never learned?
Beast: I learned a little. It's just been so long.
Belle: Well, here, I'll help you.
Belle: Let's start here.
Beast: Okay.
Beast: "Twooo"?
Belle: "Two".
Beast: "Two". I knew that.
Beast: "Two households"
Mrs. Potts: Pardon me, Master.
Beast: Leave me in peace.
Mrs. Potts: But sir, the castle is under attack!
Villagers: Kill the Beast! Kill the Beast!
Lumiere: This isn't working.
Featherduster: Oh Lumiere. We must do something.
Lumiere: Wait, I know!
Villagers: Kill the Beast! Kill the Beast!
Mrs. Potts: What should we do, Master?
Beast: It doesn't matter now. Just let them come.
Cogsworth: Sir, close that at once! Do you mind?
Additional Voice: I need six eggs.
Additional Voice: That's too expensive!
Villagers: It's know no wonder that her name means beauty / her looks have got no parallel / But behind that fair façade / I'm afraid she's rather odd / Very different from the rest of us / She's nothing like the rest of us / Yes, different from the rest of us is Belle.
Belle: Papa?
Maurice: How on earth did that stupid, gone it!
Belle: Are you alright papa?
Maurice: I'm I'm about ready to give up on this hunk of junk.
Belle: You always say that!
Belle: I mean it this time! I'll never get this boneheaded contraption to work!
Maurice: Yes you will, and you'll win first prize at the fair tomorrow.
Belle: And become a world famous inventor.
Maurice: You really believe that?
Belle: I always have.
Maurice: Well, what are we waiting for? I'll have this thing fixed in no time! Hand me that dog legged clincher there.
Maurice: So, did you have a good time in town today?
Belle: I got a new book. Papa, do you think I'm odd?
Maurice: My daughter? Odd? Hmph! Where would you get an idea like that?
Belle: Oh, I don't know. It's just that I'm not sure I'd fit in here. There's no one I can really talk to.
Maurice: What about that Gaston? He's a handsome fellow.
Belle: He's handsome alright, and rude, and conceited and... papa, he's not for me.
Maurice: Well don't you worry, cause this new invention's gonna be the start of a new life for us. I think that's done it. Now, let's give it a try.
Maurice: It works!
Belle: It does? It does!
Belle: You did it! You really did it!
Maurice: Hitch up Philippe girl! I'm off to the fair!
Belle: Goodbye papa! Good luck!
Maurice: Goodbye Belle! And take care while I'm gone!
Beast: This castle is your home now, so you can go anywhere you like, except the West Wing.
Belle: What's in the West.
Beast: It's forbidden!
Belle: My father's not crazy and I can prove it!
Belle: Show me the Beast!
Female Townsperson: Is it dangerous?
Belle: Oh no, he'd never hurt anyone. Please, I know he looks vicious, but he's really kind and gentle. He's my friend.
Beast: There's a stranger here!
Villagers: It's a pity and a sin / she doesn't quite fit in / 'cause she really is a funny girl / a beauty but a funny girl / she really is a funny girl that Belle!
Gaston: Take whatever booty you can find, but remember. The Beast is mine!
Lefou: So, how did it go?
Gaston: I'll have Belle for my wife! Make no mistake about that!
Lefou: Touchy!
Lefou: Gaston is the best, and the rest is all drips!
Gaston: I'd like to thank you all for coming to my wedding. But first I'd better go in there and uh, propose to the girl!
Gaston: Now you Lefou! now when Belle and I come out that door...
Lefou: Oh, I know! I know! I strike up the band!
Gaston: Not yet!
Lefou: Sorry!
Bookseller: Ah, Belle.
Belle: Good morning. I've come to return the book I borrowed
Bookseller: Finished already?
Belle: Oh, I couldn't put it down. Have you got anything new?
Bookseller: Ha ha. Not since yesterday.
Belle: That's alright. I'll borrow...
Belle: This one.
Bookseller: That one? But you've read it twice.
Belle: Well, it's my favorite. Far off places, daring sword fights, magic spells, a prince in disguise.
Bookseller: If you like it all that much, it's yours.
Belle: But sir...
Bookseller: I insist.
Belle: Well, thank you. Thank you very much.
Belle: Papa, do you think I'm odd?
Maurice: My daughter? Odd? Where would you get an idea like that?
Belle: Oh, I don't know. It's just that I'm not sure I'd fit in here. There's no one I can really talk to.
Maurice: What about that Gaston? He's a handsome fellow.
Belle: He's handsome alright, and rude, and conceited and... papa, he's not for me.
Belle: Is anyone here?
Maurice: Belle?
Belle: Papa.
Maurice: H-how did you find me?
Belle: Oh, your hands are like ice. We need to get you out of here.
Maurice: Belle, I want you to leave this place.
Belle: Who's done this to you?
Maurice: No time to explain. You must go, now.
Belle: I won't leave you.
Maurice: Will no one help me?
Villagers: Raise the flag, sing the song, here we come, we're fifty strong, and fifty Frenchmen can't be wrong. Let's kill the Beast!
Lumiere: Did you see that? It's a girl.
Cogsworth: I know it's a girl.
Lumiere: Don't you see? She's the one. The girl we have been waiting for. She has come to break the spell.
Cogsworth: Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Cogsworth: Now, it's too late.
Maurice: If no one will help me, then I'll go back alone. Is that everything? I don't care what it takes. I'll find that castle somehow and- I'll get her out of there.
Cogsworth: Uh, good evening.
Beast: Well, where is she?
Cogsworth: Who? Oh! The girl. Yes, the, ah, girl. Well, actually, she's in the process of, ah, um, circumstances being what they are, ah...
Cogsworth: she's not coming.
Beast: What?
Mrs. Potts: Barely even friends, then somebody bends, unexpectedly.     