
Paris Driver: Don't blind people usually wear dark glasses?
Blind Woman: Do they? I've never seen a blind person.
Mika: You called a taxi?
Man #1: No, we called a garbage truck. But you'll have to do the job.
Angela: Well, fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you!
Yoyo: Look, Angela, just shut up!
Angela: No, you shut up! Don't you be tellin' me to shut up!
Yoyo: Shut up!
Angela: You shut up!
Yoyo: No, you shut up!
Yoyo: Shit!
Angela: You know what your fuckin' problem is, Yoyo? You don't realize you're wearin' your ass on your head!
Yoyo: What's your name, man?
Helmut Grokenberger: Helmut Grokenberger.
Helmut Grokenberger: Here, you can read it. That's me.
Yoyo: Helmet?
Helmut Grokenberger: Helmut.
Yoyo: That's your name?
Helmut Grokenberger: Yeah.
Yoyo: Ha ha ha ha ha. That's a fucked up name to be namin' your kid! Helmet! See, 'cause in English, a helmet would be like, you know, like somethin' you would wear on your head, you know? You a... a helmet! Ha ha ha! In English, that would be like callin' your kid, uh, oh shit, "Lampshade" or some shit like that: 'Hey, Lampshade! Come here and clean up your room!' Ha ha ha ha ha!
Helmut Grokenberger: So, what's your name?
Yoyo: Yoyo.
Helmut Grokenberger: What?
Yoyo: Yoyo. That's my name.
Helmut Grokenberger: Is your Name? Yoyo?
Yoyo: What? Yoyo!
Helmut Grokenberger: Yoyo. Yoyo.
Helmut Grokenberger: Yoyo. Ist Spielzeug für Kinder.
Yoyo: It ain't got nothin' to do with that. It's my name. Yoyo.
Helmut Grokenberger: It's a toy for kids, Yoyo.
Yoyo: Ain't got nothin' to do with that, man.
Helmut Grokenberger: Okay. Your name Yoyo, my name Helmut. Yoyo, Helmut. It's good.
Yoyo: Helmet?
Victoria Snelling: Everyone wants to be a movie star!
Corky: Look, lady, I like the movies and all and I see you're being serious, you know, but, that's not a real life for me, you know.
Mika: Are you sure you know where you are?
Man #3: Yes. Helsinki.
Mika: Hey, Aki, wake up!
Man #3: Who the fuck are you? And where the fuck am I?
Mika: You're in a fucking taxi, fucking close to your home, and you owe me for the fucking ride!
Victoria Snelling: Will you hold on a second please? Miss - would you please, uh, just turn the music off?
Corky: Sure, Mom.
Victoria Snelling: Thank you.
Paris Driver: Okay, if you're so smart, let me ask you a question. What color am I?
Blind Woman: I don't give a fuck about colors!
Paris Driver: But people have different colors of skin.
Blind Woman: Look, I don't care if you're green or blue like a carrot! For me the word color doesn't mean anything. I feel colors... but you'd never understand that!
Helmut Grokenberger: We have the same... we have the same hat.
Yoyo: What?
Helmut Grokenberger: The same hat.
Yoyo: No, no no, mine's different.
Helmut Grokenberger: Oh no, it's the same hat!
Yoyo: Mine's different, man!
Helmut Grokenberger: This is different, here.
Yoyo: Mine's-mine's the newest/latest, m-mine's fresh!
Helmut Grokenberger: No, the ear things here. The same! Here...
Yoyo: Naw, naw man, look mine is the, the hype!
Helmut Grokenberger: What is this? Hype?
Yoyo: The hype.
Helmut Grokenberger: What's a hype?
Yoyo: It's fresh!
Helmut Grokenberger: Fresh? Fresh hat?
Yoyo: It's the jammin', the newest/latest.
Helmut Grokenberger: Fresh hat! That sounds good, fresh hat!
Yoyo: ...right.
Driver: If there's no room at the Hotel Genius, I'll take a room at the Hotel Imbecile.
Corky: I'm real particular, you know, and I'm also patient enough. I mean, at least I hope I am. Cause, you know, I don't know, maybe you got to wait awhile, you know. Cause, like, maybe it's not so easy to find like the exact, right guy, you know. Like, the one guy, you know.
Victoria Snelling: Another mechanic, maybe? Huh?
Corky: Hell, I don't care what he does. Just as long as he loves me, right - with his soul. You know, takes me for who I am.
Paris Driver: I work from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m., so don't fuck with me in my own taxi! I don't give a shit about you, Ambassador, OK?
Passenger #1: Can't we have some fun?
Passenger #2: We've had champagne and we're happy...
Paris Driver: No, you don't have fun in my taxi! It's my place of business, not your fucking playground! Okay, get out!
Helmut Grokenberger: No, no, it's...
Yoyo: What chu mean 'No'?
Helmut Grokenberger: It's not allowed. Not allowed.
Yoyo: Look, yeah, it's allowed! This is New York!
Victoria Snelling: I just spoke to him. Oh, he's going nuts as usual, ricocheting off the walls. I don't know what to do with him. I sent him ten actresses who were perfect; well, six of them were perfect. But he just keeps - he keeps wanting them younger and younger. Now, he wants someone 18 with absolutely no experience, but, the nerves of a paratrooper. He's not human. I think he's an android.
Corky: Guys - can't live with 'em, can't shoot 'em.
Victoria Snelling: Yeah, you can say that again.
Victoria Snelling: Driving at night doesn't seem to bother you.
Corky: Why should it?
Victoria Snelling: For me it's a big problem. I have night blindness.
Corky: Is that something that happens when you get old?
Victoria Snelling: No. No, actually it isn't. It has nothing to do with age. I've had it all my life.
Corky: I don't always want to be a cab driver.
Victoria Snelling: What do you really want to be.
Corky: A mechanic.
Victoria Snelling: A mechanic?
Corky: I practically know all there is to know about it. Both my brothers are mechanics. They're older than me; but, you know, cause I'm like a girl and I'm like still kinda young and all, I gotta kinda like work up to it, you know.
Victoria Snelling: I may be having a brilliant streak right here in the taxi. Yes, I'm really in a taxi. No, I can't tell you right now. Um, all I can say is: I have an idea.
Victoria Snelling: I'm sorry I sound calm. I assure you I'm hysterical.
Yoyo: Taxi! Yo, man! Right here. Right here. Whoa! Right! Hey, what's up? Brooklyn.
Yoyo: Brooklyn! Yo! Yo, man! You suck, man! I got your plate number. I'm gonna call the TLC! Come on, man. Somebody pick me up! Yeah, come on, pick me up! What? Look at all the fuckin' cabs out here. Shit. Get my ass home, man. I got cash, man! Taxi! Look, I got the cash right here! Taxi! Come on, man. Come on, man! Fuck all, you all!
Helmut Grokenberger: It's nice.
Yoyo: It's New York. It's cool.
Helmut Grokenberger: No, it's cold. It's cool.
Yoyo: Nah, nah, nah, It's hip!
Helmut Grokenberger: It's cool.
Yoyo: It's happening!
Helmut Grokenberger: Ah, I understand.
Helmut Grokenberger: It goes good. Goes good.
Yoyo: Yeah, yeah. It goes good. In English we say, "It's good to go."
Helmut Grokenberger: It's good to go!
Yoyo: Yeah.
Helmut Grokenberger: It's good to go. It's good. It's good to go! It's good. Good to go.
Angela: If you fuckin' stop talkin' to me then you won't have to hear my fuckin' mouth. So, why don't you just shut the fuck up and then I won't have to be talkin' all the time, you stupid idiot.
Angela: Fuck you, too! You know what you like? You like a fuckin' chihuahua always gnawin' at my fuckin' ankles.
Yoyo: Yeah? Well, I'm gonna take a big fuckin' bite outta your fuckin' ass, then. So, you better watch out for this little dawg. Shit.
Passenger #2: The Cameroon ambassador wants to see us in the morning.
Passenger #1: In one piece.
Passenger #2: And you drive like a lizard, first left, then right. You think you're in your jungle here?
Passenger #1: We're not from the same jungle, are we? No.
Passenger #1: Little brother, where do you come from that you're so rude? You from Togo? From Gabon? He can't be from Cameroon. From Dakar?
Blind Woman: Listen, jerk-off, I can do anything you can and a lot of things you'll never do. I'm blind, that's all.
Paris Driver: You can't drive a car, for example.
Blind Woman: And you can?
Paris Driver: I didn't mean to make you mad. I don't know any blind people. I'm curious, that's all.
Blind Woman: I'm just like you. I drink, I eat, I taste things. I listen to music. I feel music. I do whatever I want. I even go to the movies.
Paris Driver: The movies? And what do you see at the movies?
Blind Woman: Sometimes I feel the film.
Paris Driver: When you eat, you can't see the food. The carrots could be blue, for example. And with music, you can't see the musicians! You don't even know the shape of a guitar.
Blind Woman: Yes I know the shape of a fucking guitar. I feel things I'm sure you never will.
Paris Driver: If you can't see anything, when you make love, how do you know who's next to you, who you're making love with?
Blind Woman: When I make love it's with every centimeter of my body, every pore of my skin. Unlike you, I'm sure. Believe me, I know the man I make love with.
Man in Accident (segment "Paris"): Don't you look where you're going? We're not in Africa here!
Paris Driver: You're a racist!
Man in Accident (segment "Paris"): No, I'm not a racist, but you drive like a fuckin' black! The road goes this way, and you were going that way! Are you blind or what?
Driver: Hotel Genius. What a name for a hotel! Good evening, I'd like a room between Leonardo da Vinci and Einstein. Yes, thank you. Who's this? Dante Alighieri, how's it going? I'm here having coffee with Shakespeare. Isaac Newton! Beethoven! Beethoven, I'd like you to meet Charlie Parker. Charlie Parker? Yes, Charlie Parker. Charlie Parker. Beethoven. Say something to him, Charlie. Ba-doe-bo-doe-boo. Be-da-ba-doe-boo...
Driver: Rome deserted. Beautiful city. The Romans have all left Rome. Where did they go?
Driver: This wall wasn't here yesterday! Like Saint Pete, I will retreat. And like the saint that led, I'll move ahead.
Driver: I don't know if you ever made love with your sister-in-law, Father, but you should try it, because it's absolute heaven.
Driver: Father, I know these sins must be confessed, but they were just so wonderful.
Mika: Is he all right?
Man #1: No, he's not all right. Didn't he just tell you that he lost his job today? He's all fucked-up and losing his job is just a small part of it.
Mika: What do you mean?
Man #1: Today was the worst fuckin' day of his entire life, that what I fuckin' mean. Or yesterday was.
Mika: My wife and I both work hard. She has a job and I have two jobs. We've been saving money because we want to have a family. A daughter or a son. For a year we've worked at having a baby.
Man #2 (segment "Helsinki"): Nice work if you can get it.
Man #1: Shut up and let him finish.     