
Carlito: Sorry boys, all the stitches in the world can't sew me together again. Lay down... lay down. Gonna stretch me out in Fernandez funeral home on Hun and Ninth street. Always knew I'd make a stop there, but a lot later than a whole gang of people thought... Last of the Moh-Ricans... well maybe not the last. Gail's gonna be a good mom... New improved Carlito Brigante... Hope she uses the money to get out. No room in this city for big hearts like hers... Sorry baby, I tried the best I could, honest... Can't come with me on this trip, Loaf. Getting the shakes now, last call for drinks, bars closing down... Sun's out, where are we going for breakfast? Don't wanna go far. Rough night, tired baby... Tired...
Carlito: Favor gonna kill you faster than a bullet.
Carlito: I'm reloaded! Okay? Come on in here, you motherfuckers! Come on, I'm waitin' for ya! What, you ain't comin' in? Okay, I'm comin' out! Oh, you up against me now, motherfuckers! I'm gonna blow your fuckin' brains out! You think you're big time? You gonna fuckin' die big time! You ready? HERE COMES THE PAIN!
Carlito: If you can't see the angles no more, you're in trouble.
Carlito: No room in this city for big hearts like hers.
Benny Blanco: I don't know, but there may be some mis-fuckin'-understanding, I don't know man, but maybe you don't remember me, my name is Benny Blanco...
Carlito: Maybe I don't give a shit. Maybe I don't remember the last time I blew my nose either. Who the fuck are you, I should remember you? What, you think you like me? You ain't like me motherfucker. You a punk. I've been with made people, connected people. Who you been with? Chain-snatching, jive-ass, maricon motherfuckers. Why don't you get lost? Go a head, snatch a purse. Come on, take a fuckin' walk.
Carlito: It's who I am Gail, it's what I am. Right or wrong, I can't change that.
Carlito: The dream don't come no closer by itself. We gotta run after it now.
Carlito: You ripped him off, didn't you?
David Kleinfeld: What?
Carlito: Tony T. You did take the million dollars, didn't you?
David Kleinfeld: Yeah.
Carlito: You ain't a lawyer no more, Dave. You a gangster now. On the other side. A whole new ball game. You can't learn about it in school, and you can't have a late start.
David Kleinfeld: Don't worry about me.
Carlito: One more thing. We're even.
David Kleinfeld: Let's get a drink.
Carlito: Say it! We're even!
David Kleinfeld: We're even.
Carlito: If I ever, I mean if I ever see you here again, you die.
Carlito: Just like that.
Carlito: Never give up your friends, Dave, no matter what.
Carlito: You think you're big time? You gonna fuckin' die - big time.
Carlito: Adiós, counselor.
Gail: I'm trying to be so optimistic. Then I think... why should I be so optimistic? Yeah, I had a dream... but now I'm awake... and I hate my dream. Maybe it's time I started thinking about doing something else.
Pachanga: Carlito man, it's Death Valley out here man... you know me, I'll take to the streets with any of these motherfuckers man, but these new kids now days, they got no respect for human life. They shotgun you just to see you fly in the air.
Carlito: But my time in the Sterling Correctional facilities of Greenhaven and Sing Sing has not been in vain. I've been cured; born again, like the Watergaters. I know you've heard this rap before, your honor, I've changed. I've changed, and it didn't take no thirty years like your honor thought, but only five.
Carlito: There is a line you cross, you don't never come back from. Point of no return. Dave crossed it. I'm here with him. That's means I am going along for the ride. The whole ride. All the way to the end of the line, wherever that is.
Benny Blanco: Hey remember me, Benny Blanco from the Bronx?
Carlito: Don't take me to no hospital, please. Fuckin' emergency rooms don't save nobody. Som-bitches, always pop you at midnight, when all they got is a Chinese intern with a dull spoon.
Carlito: I'll tell you something, car rental guys don't get killed that much.
Carlito: I don't invite this shit, it just comes to me. I run, it runs after me. Gotta be somewhere to hide.
David Kleinfeld: Fuck you and your self-righteous code of the goddamn streets. Did it pull you out of a 30 year stint in only 5 years? No, it didn't, I did. Did it get you acquitted 4 fucking times? No, it didn't, I did, so fuck you, fuck the streets, your whole goddamn world is this big, and there's only one rule, you save your own ass.
Benny Blanco: Hey, my name is Benny Blanco from the Bronx.
Carlito: You know me?
Benny Blanco: Yeah, I know you, you're Carlito Brigante motherfucker to the max, that's who you are!
Carlito: Well, I don't know you. So, I don't owe you, Saso does. My place now, new rules. Everybody pays, okay?
David Kleinfeld: Hey Louie... Louie, your fuckin' chick's givin' you a handjob right in front of everybody. I got guests here, for christsake. People are eating.
Louie: Take it easy, Dave.
David Kleinfeld: No-you take it easy. You got any manners? You wanna fuck her, fuck her like a normal human being - take her in the bedroom.
Gail: Charlie, where's my cheesecake?
Carlito: He's got a good future if he can live past next week.
Quisqueya: Your boss is dead and so are you.
Carlito: Somebody's pulling me close to the ground... I can sense, but I can't see. I ain't panicked. I've been here before. Same as I got popped on 104th street. Don't take me to no hospital, please. Fuckin' emergency rooms don't save nobody. Sons of bitches pop you at midnight, when all they got is a Chinese intern, with a dull spoon. Oh look at these suckers. Scrambling around... What for? My Puerto Rican ass ain't supposed to have made it this far. Most of my crew got washed a long time ago. Don't worry. My heart, it don't ever quit. I ain't ready to check out... Seems like a just got out of the joint. Stood up in front of that judge, and told him what was who.
Carlito: Mi barrio ya no existe.
Carlito: Take him in the alley!
Carlito: Dumb move, man. Dumb move. But it's like them old reflexes comin' back.
Lalin: Look what I got! I mean look at me! You got everything, man! Come on! Look what I got to fucking go around with, fucking diapers! I shit my pants everyday! I can't walk, I can't hump... you know? Go ahead and kill me, you COCKSUCKER!
Pachanga: Sometime it bes that way, papi.
Carlito: Hey lady, I know you.
Gail: Buzz off.
Carlito: Yeah, I know you, you used to go out with that good-looking guy, what was his name again? Oh yeah, Carlito Brigante.
Gail: Charlie?
Frankie Taglialucci: What's with the extra guy?
David Kleinfeld: Carlito, this is one of Tony's son's, Frankie.
Frankie Taglialucci: Nah, it's Frank.
David Kleinfeld: Whatever...
Frankie Taglialucci: NO! What is with the extra guy?
David Kleinfeld: Oh I'm sorry, is this your boat? Shut the fuck up, if I wanted help, I brought help.
Carlito: If you ever talk that shit again in front of her, I'm going to kill you.
Carlito: Already I had a bad feeling about the boat trip night as soon as I saw Dave. He was all coked up so much that his nostrils were red and swollen. Bad start Jack.
Gail: That's the last time I wipe up your blood!
Carlito: Let me get this straight, he's gonna jump off a barge, swim a hundred yards, to a buoy? in the east river? Impossible, its too rough he is going to die.
Frankie Taglialucci: This guy a friend of yours?
Carlito: Yeah, he's a friend of mine.
Frankie Taglialucci: He's a fucking cockroach.
Saso: Listen to me carefully, Carlito. Rudy says Pachanga is complaining about being broke; that he doesn't have a single dollar. He's also saying that you're a piece of shit, and that you don't have the balls to take care of the problem; and he's wasted a lot of time without making any money. Besides, I hear he's spying on us for Benny Blanco.
Carlito: Let me deal with Pachanga. He's my brother.
Saso: He's your brother? That son of a bitch would kill his mother for money.
Carlito: Gimme your piece, Dave.
David Kleinfeld: What?
Carlito: Gimme the fucking gun! Since when are you a tough guy?
Rudy: Carlito, Mr. Benny Blanco says it's gonna be okay. He wants to send a bottle of champagne over, and he wants you to send Steffie over, when you're ready.
Steffie: Carlito, what should I do?
Carlito: No problem, Steffie.
Carlito: Steffie's with Dave now.
Rudy: But Benny said...
Carlito: Fuck Benny!
Waiter: Carlito, this is from Benny Blanco.
Carlito: Send it back!
Saso: Vete! Vete!
Saso: Charlie, please, you can't do this. Benny Blanco spends a lot of money here.
Carlito: Oh, he's a nickel-bagger. Come on.
Saso: What happened to you? What are you acting like this for? It doesn't make sense you should hate this guy. Because this guy is you 20 years ago.
Rudy: Mr. Brigante, there is a problem with Mr. Kleinfeld.
Carlito: What kind of problem?
Rudy: He's in the bathroom fucking Steffie!
Pachanga: Carlito: So? What's the problem? Good for him!
Pachanga: Hey, Carlito. Lalin is here. He's in the office.
Carlito: Lalin?
Pachanga: Yeah, you wanna see him?
Carlito: You told me he was doin' thirty years.
Pachanga: Well, I guess he got out!
David Kleinfeld: How does it feel? Huh?
Walberto: Should have figured I'd find you walking around up here. Doing a little memory lane.
Carlito: There I am, sitting in jail, wondering where you are, what you're doing, who you're with.
Steffie: Carlito, where have you been hiding this man? He is one sexy man, he is an animal!
Carlito: Faster than a speeding bullet.
David Kleinfeld: Hey! Hey!
Carlito: What are you doin'?
David Kleinfeld: Hey!
Carlito: Are you out of your fuckin' mind?
David Kleinfeld: Hey, you!
Italian at Copa: What's that?
David Kleinfeld: Yeah, you! You wop!
Italian at Copa: Me?
David Kleinfeld: You, spaghetti dick!
Carlito: Okay.
Italian at Copa: Who are you talking to?
David Kleinfeld: I'm talking to you!
Italian at Copa: You talkin' to me?
David Kleinfeld: Yeah, you!
David Kleinfeld: Oh that's right, you're gonna rent Ford Pintos to tourists in paradise.
Carlito: You said they were friends, Guajiro. But there ain't no friends in this shit business.
Carlito: Right, motherfucker? Where's my money?
Saso: I don't know!
Carlito: I'LL CUT YOU FUCKIN' LIVER OUT!
Saso: Okay! Okay!
Frankie: This guy a friend of yours?
Carlito: Yeah, he's a friend of mine.
Frankie: He's a FUCKING cockroach.
David Kleinfeld: You're gonna let this fuckin' goombah paw your woman like that?
Carlito: Hey, they're just dancin'. Don't you appreciate that? The movement. The rhythm. What I don't appreciate is he's got his fuckin' hands all over her ass.
Carlito: He's doesn't have his hands over her ass. I believe those are hips.
David Kleinfeld: This shithead. These fuckin' wiseguys think they're so hardass. I am so sick of hoods like *that* coming into my office, MY office, thinkin' they can push me around.
Carlito: Oh, I think you should tell him what you think. I mean, why would you ever hold something like that inside? I mean, why not get something like that off your chest? It's a terrible thing to carry around with you.
David Kleinfeld: I will.
Carlito: I think you should.
David Kleinfeld: I will.
Carlito: Oh, yeah. Go ahead, look, see how interested he's gonna be in your comments.
Gail: That doesn't sound like you.
Carlito: It doesn't? Really?
Gail: You never talked like this before.
Carlito: Never felt like this before. It's a funny thing. This guy, this counselor at Lewisburg... Mr. Seawald, once said to me: Charlie, you run out of steam. You can't sprint all the way. You gotta stop sometime. You can't buck it forever. It catches up to you. It gets you. You don't get reformed... you just run out of wind.
Gail: I'd better go.
Carlito: A bounty, faster than Bullet kill you.     