
Rizzo the Rat: There are two things in this life I hate: heights, and jumping from them.
Gonzo: Too late now. Come on, I'll catch you.
Rizzo the Rat: God save my little broken body!
Gonzo: Missed.
Rizzo the Rat: Oh wait a second... I forgot my jellybeans. Um...
Rizzo the Rat: What?
Gonzo: You can fit through those bars?
Rizzo the Rat: Yeah...
Gonzo: You are such an idiot.
Fozziwig: My speech! Here's my Christmas speech. Ahem. "Thank you all, and Merry Christmas."
Jacob Marley: That was the speech?
Robert Marley: It was dumb!
Jacob Marley: It was obvious!
Robert Marley: It was pointless!
Jacob Marley: It was... short!
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: I loved it!
Rizzo the Rat: Mother always taught me: "Never eat singing food."
Rizzo the Rat: Boy, that's scary stuff! Should we be worried about the kids in the audience?
Gonzo: Nah, it's all right. This is culture!
Kermit the Frog: If you please Mr. Scrooge, it's gotten colder, and the bookkeeping staff would like to have an extra shovel full of coal for the fire?
Rat #1: We can't do the bookkeeping, all our pens have turned to inkcicles!
Rat #2: Our assets are frozen!
Ebenezer Scrooge: How would the bookkeepers like to be suddenly... UNEMPLOYED?
Rats: HEAT WAVE. This is my island in the sun...
Sam the Eagle: Tomorrow, you become a man of business!
Young Scrooge: I'm looking forward to it, Headmaster.
Sam the Eagle: Mm, you will love business. It is the AMERICAN WAY!
Gonzo: Uh Sam?
Gonzo: It's just that the story takes place in England.
Sam the Eagle: Oh... It is the BRITISH WAY!
Young Scrooge: Yes, headmaster.
Vegetable: Hey, I'm being stolen! Hey, help me! Help me!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Bob Cratchit, I've had my fill of this.
Miss Piggy: And I have had my fill of you, Mr. Scrooge.
Ebenezer Scrooge: And therefore, Bob Cratchit...
Miss Piggy: And therefore, you can leave this house at once.
Ebenezer Scrooge: And therefore, I'm about to raise your salary!
Miss Piggy: Ooh, and I am about to raise you right off the pavement...! Pardon?
Kermit the Frog: Pardon?
Robert Marley: We were always heckling you.
Jacob Marley: It's good to be heckling again.
Robert Marley: It's good to be doing anything again.
Rizzo the Rat: Oh, what was that?
Gonzo: Two o'clock.
Rizzo the Rat: Is it too early for breakfast?
Gonzo: Yes.
Rizzo the Rat: Oh good, suppertime!
Gonzo: Once again, I must ask you to remember that the Marleys were dead, and decaying in their graves.
Rizzo the Rat: Yuck!
Gonzo: That one thing you must remember, or nothing that follows will seem wondrous.
Rizzo the Rat: Why are you whispering?
Gonzo: It's for dramatic emphasis.
Gonzo: My name is Charles Dickens.
Rizzo the Rat: And my name is Rizzo the Rat... wait a second! You're not Charles Dickens!
Gonzo: I am too!
Rizzo the Rat: No! A blue furry Charles Dickens who hangs out with a rat?
Gonzo: Absolutely!
Rizzo the Rat: Charles Dickens was a 19th Century novelist! A genius!
Gonzo: Oh, you are too kind!
Rizzo the Rat: Why should I believe you?
Gonzo: Well, because I know the story of A Christmas Carol like the back of my hand!
Rizzo the Rat: Prove it!
Gonzo: All right! Um, there's a little mole on my thumb, and um, a scar on my wrist from when I fell off my bike...
Rizzo the Rat: No, no, no, don't tell us your *hand*, tell us the *story*!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Must we return to this place? There is something else that I must know, is that not true? Spirit, I know what I must ask. I fear to, but I must. Who was the wretched man whose death brought so much glee and happiness to others?
Ebenezer Scrooge: Answer me one more question. Are these the shadows of things that *will* be, or are they the shadows of things that *may* be only?
Ebenezer Scrooge: These events can be changed! A life can be made right.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Ebenezer Scrooge! Oh please Spirit, no! Hear me, I, I am not the man I was! Why would you show me this if I am past all hope?...
Ebenezer Scrooge: I, I *will* honor Christmas, and try to keep it all the year! I will live my life in the past, the present and the future. I will not shut out the lessons the spirits have taught me! Tell me that I may sponge out the writing on this stone!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh Spirit, please speak to me!
Jacob Marley: Why do you doubt your senses?
Ebenezer Scrooge: Because a little thing can affect them. A slight disorder of the stomach can make them cheat. You may be a bit of undigested beef, a blob of mustard, a crumb of cheese. Yes. There's more gravy than of grave about you.
Robert Marley: More gravy than of grave?
Jacob Marley: What a terrible pun. Where do you get those jokes?
Robert Marley: Leave comedy to the bears, Ebenezer.
Rizzo the Rat: Oh, this is too scary. I don't think I wanna see any more!
Gonzo: When you're right, you're right.
Gonzo: You're on your own, folks. We'll meet you at the finale!
Rizzo the Rat: Yeah!
Kermit the Frog: It's all right, children. Life is made up of meetings and partings. That is the way of it. I am sure that we shall never forget Tiny Tim, or this first parting that there was among us.
Ebenezer Scrooge: What right have you to be merry? You're poor enough.
Fred: What right have you to be dismal? You're rich enough.
Rizzo the Rat: He's got 'im there. The old boy's speechless!
Ebenezer Scrooge: If I could work my will, every idiot who goes around with "Merry Christmas" on his lips would be cooked with his own turkey and buried with a stake of holly through his heart!
Rizzo the Rat: Well, not quite speechless.
Sam the Eagle: Work hard, lad, and one day, your life will be as solid as this very building!
Sam the Eagle: Huh. I've been meaning to fix that shelf!
Rizzo the Rat: I fell down the chimney and landed on a flaming hot goose!
Gonzo: You have all the fun!
Vegetables: If he became a flavor you can bet he would be sour. Yuck!
Muppet Man: Even the vegetables don't like him!
Gonzo: Hello, London!
Rizzo the Rat: Goodbye, lunch!
Gonzo: He was a tight-fisted hand at the grindstone, Scr...
Gonzo: Boy, this really *is* a dirty city!
Rizzo the Rat: Heh, you're tellin' me!
Gonzo: Come here.
Rizzo the Rat: Hmm?
Rizzo the Rat: Thank you for makin' me a part of this!
Gonzo: He was a tight-fisted hand at the grindstone, Scrooge: a squeezing, wrenching, grasping, clutching, covetous old sinner.
Rizzo the Rat: Hey! I'm stuck! Get me out of here!
Gonzo: I knew you weren't suited for literature.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Let us deal with the eviction notices for tomorrow, Mr. Cratchit.
Kermit the Frog: Uh, tomorrow's Christmas, sir.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Very well. You may gift wrap them.
Gonzo: Hello! Welcome to the Muppet Christmas Carol! I am here to tell the story.
Rizzo the Rat: And I am here for the food.
Rizzo the Rat: Oh, Gonzo, speak to me! I mean, Mr. Dickens. Charlie! Are you hurt?
Gonzo: To say that Scrooge became startled would be untrue. Still the moment had passed, and the world was as it should be.
Rizzo the Rat: He ain't hurt. Didn't even lose his concentration.
Rizzo the Rat: Light the lamp, not the rat, light the lamp, not the rat! Put me out, put me out, put me out!
Gonzo: Oh! My apologies! Um...
Gonzo: Rizzo!
Rizzo the Rat: What?
Ebenezer Scrooge: Christmas is a very busy time for us, Mr. Cratchit. People preparing feasts, giving parties, spending the mortgage money on frivolities. One might say that December is the foreclosure season. Harvest time for the money-lenders.
Ebenezer Scrooge: I don't think I've ever met anybody like you before.
Ghost of Christmas Present: Really? Over 1800 of my brothers have come before me!
Ebenezer Scrooge: 1800? Imagine the grocery bills!
Ebenezer Scrooge: I'll see you tomorrow morning at 8.
Rats: Ask him, ask him.
Kermit the Frog: Tomorrow's Christmas, sir.
Ebenezer Scrooge: 8:30, then.
Kermit the Frog: Uh, if you please Mr. Scrooge, half an hour off hardly seems customary for Christmas Day.
Rats: No, no.
Ebenezer Scrooge: How much time off *is* customary?
Kermit the Frog: Why, uh... The whole day.
Rats: Yeah, yeah!
Ebenezer Scrooge: The *entire* day?
Rats: No, no. That's the frog's idea...
Ebenezer Scrooge: What business has brought you here?
Ghost of Christmas Past: Your welfare.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Heh, a night's unbroken rest might aid my welfare.
Ghost of Christmas Past: Your salvation, then.
Rizzo the Rat: Rats don't understand these things.
Gonzo: You were never a lonely child?
Rizzo the Rat: I had twelve hundred and seventy four brothers and sisters.
Gonzo: Boy! Rats don't understand these things!
Mr Applegate: Thank you for not shouting at me!
Ebenezer Scrooge: This is Bob Crachit's house?
Ghost of Christmas Present: How do you know that?
Ebenezer Scrooge: You just told me.
Ghost of Christmas Present: Well, I'm *usually* trustworthy.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Spirit, show me no more. Why do you delight in torturing me?
Ghost of Christmas Past: I told you, these are the shadows of the things that have been. That they are what they are, do not blame me.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Leave me!
Ghost of Christmas Past: Let us see another Christmas in this place.
Ebenezer Scrooge: They were all very much the same. Nothing ever changed.
Ghost of Christmas Past: You changed.
Fozziwig: At this time in the proceedings, it is a tradition for me to make a little speech.
Jacob Marley: And it's a tradition for us to take a little nap!
Ebenezer Scrooge: You're a little absent-minded, spirit.
Ghost of Christmas Present: No, I'm a LARGE absent-minded spirit!
Ebenezer Scrooge: I do not make merry myself for Christmas.
Fred: That is certainly true.
Ebenezer Scrooge: And I cannot afford to make idle people merry.
Fred: That is certainly *not* true!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Don't you have other things to do this afternoon, my dear nephew?
Fred: Sadly, I do, Uncle. So I shall make my donation and, uh, leave you to make yours.
Mrs. Dilber: I've got his blankets.
Old Joe: Ah, his blankets... Why, Mrs. Dilber, they're still warm! I don't pay extra for the warmth, you know.
Mrs. Dilber: You should. It's the only warmth he ever had.
Belle: Another year before our wedding, Ebenezer.
Young Scrooge: Well, it can't be helped, Belle. How could we marry now? There's not even enough for a decent home. The investments haven't grown as they should.
Belle: So you said last year.
Young Scrooge: Business continues to be poor.
Belle: You're a partner in your own firm now.
Young Scrooge: And barely clearing expenses.
Belle: You said the partnership was the goal.
Young Scrooge: This is for you.
Young Scrooge: I love you, Belle.
Belle: You did once.
Kermit the Frog: If you please sir, why open the office tomorrow? Other businesses will be closed; there'll be no one to do business with. It'll waste a lot of expensive coal for the fire!
Rats: Yeah!
Ebenezer Scrooge: It's a poor excuse for picking a man's pocket every December the 25th. But as I seem to be the only man who knows that... take the day off.
Robert Marley: You will be haunted by three spirits.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Haunted? I've already had enough of that.
Jacob Marley: Without these visits, you cannot hope to avoid the path we tread.
Robert Marley: Expect the first ghost tonight, when the bell tolls one!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Can't I meet them all at once and get it over with?
Rizzo the Rat: How do you know what Scrooge is doin'? We're down here and he's up there!
Gonzo: I told you, storytellers are omniscient; I know everything!
Rizzo the Rat: Hoity-toity, Mr. Godlike Smarty-Pants.
Gonzo: To conduct a proper search, Scrooge was forced to light the lamps.
Rizzo the Rat: How *does* he do that?
Ghost of Christmas Past: There was of course, another Christmas Eve with this young woman. Some years later.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh please... do not show me that Christmas.
Rizzo the Rat: Um, are you sure it's safe for us to be up here?
Gonzo: Scrooge is saved. What can happen now?
Rizzo the Rat: Yeah.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh, spirit, must there be a Christmas that brings this awful scene?
Ebenezer Scrooge: How can we endure it?
Robert Marley: Look, it's Ebeneezer Scrooge!
Jacob Marley: Looking older and more wicked than ever.
Robert Marley: I knew he wouldn't disappoint us!
Gonzo: Hello, London!
Rizzo the Rat: Goodbye, lunch!
Gonzo: It was the afternoon of Christmas Eve and Scrooge was conscious of a thousand odors, each one connected with a thousand thoughts and hopes and joys and cares long, long forgotten.
Fozziwig: Belle, you know, I love these annual Christmas parties. I love 'em so much, I think we'll do it twice a year!
Young Scrooge: Excuse me.
Young Scrooge: Oh... Excuse me.
Fozziwig: Oh, Master Scrooge! Belle, I'd like you to meet Mr. Ebenezer Scrooge... the finest young financial mind in the city! Ebenezer, this is Belle! A friend of the Fozziwig family.
Belle: I'm pleased to meet you.
Fozziwig: Well, I'm glad you two finally met.
Ebenezer Scrooge: What an employer he was. As hard and ruthless as a rose petal!
Lew Zealand: Boomerang fish! Guaranteed fresh! Throw the fish A-WAY... and it comes back to me! Get 'em while they're fresh!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Are you the spirit whose coming was foretold to me?
Ghost of Christmas Past: I am.
Ebenezer Scrooge: But... you're just a child!
Ghost of Christmas Past: I can remember nearly 1900 years. I am the Ghost of Christmas Past.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Spirit, tell me if Tiny Tim will live.
Ghost of Christmas Present: That is the future. My realm is the present. However, I see a vacant seat by the chimney corner and a crutch without an owner. If these shadows remain unaltered, I believe the child will die. But, what then? If he's going to die, he'd better do it and decrease the surplus population.
Gonzo: The Marleys were dead, to begin with.
Rizzo the Rat: The wha... pardon me?
Gonzo: That's how the story begins, Rizzo, "The Marleys were dead, to begin with."
Rizzo the Rat: Oh.
Gonzo: As dead as a doornail.
Rizzo the Rat: It's a good beginning. It's creepy and kind of...
Rizzo the Rat: ...hoo hoo! Spooky.
Gonzo: Oh, thank you, Rizzo.
Rizzo the Rat: You're welcome, Mr. Dickens.
Gonzo: In life, the Marleys had been business partners with a shrewd moneylender named Ebenezer Scrooge. You will meet him as he comes around that corner.
Rizzo the Rat: Where?
Gonzo: There.
Rizzo the Rat: When?
Gonzo: Now.
Gonzo: There he is, Mr. Ebenezer Scrooge.
Rizzo the Rat: Say, is it getting colder out here?
Belle: There was a time when I was sure, that you and I were truly one; that our future was forever and would never come undone. And we came so close to being close, and though you cared for me, there's distance in your eyes tonight, so we're not meant to be. The love is gone. The love is gone. The sweetest dream that you have ever known. The love is gone. The love is gone. I wish you well, but I must leave you now alone. There comes a moment in your life like a window and you see your future there before you, and how perfect life can be. But adventure calls with unknown voices pulling you away. Be careful or you may regret the choice you make someday, when love is gone. When love is gone. The sweetest dream that we have ever known, when love is gone. When love is gone. I wish you well, but I must leave you now alone.
Belle, Ebenezer Scrooge: It was almost love. It was almost always. It was like a fairytale we'd live out, you and I. And yes, some dreams come true. And yes, some dreams fall through.
Belle: And yes, the time has come for us to say goodbye. Yes, some dreams come true. And yes, some dreams fall through. And yes, the time has come for us to say goodbye.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Pardon me, gentlemen, but about the charity donation you asked me for yesterday. Put me down for...
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew: That much?
Ebenezer Scrooge: Not a penny less. A great many back payments are included in it, I assure you.
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew: Oh, my goodness, I don't know what to say. I just wish there was something we could give you.
Ebenezer Scrooge: A gift? A gift for me? Thank you. Thank you. Fifty times! And a merry Christmas.
Rizzo the Rat: Christmas apples.
Gonzo: We got Macintosh.
Rizzo the Rat: Get your Christmas apples.
Gonzo: Red Delicious.
Rizzo the Rat: Tuppence apiece, while they last.
Gonzo: We... they won't last long the way you're eating them.
Rizzo the Rat: Hey, I'm creatin' scarcity. Drives the prices up.
Fred: Oh, dear, it's too wonderful.
Clara: Wait, wait. I know. An unwanted creature, but not a rat, a leech, or a cockroach?
Ebenezer Scrooge: What?
Clara: It's Ebenezer Scrooge!
Fred: Yes!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Spirit?
Ghost of Christmas Past: Yes?
Ebenezer Scrooge: ...Nothing.
Fred: A merry Christmas, Uncle Scrooge. God save you.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Merry Christmas? Bah. Humbug!
Rizzo the Rat: Quick, it'll be warmer in there.
Fred: Christmas a humbug, Uncle? Oh, you don't mean that, surely.
Rizzo the Rat: Hoo. Actually, I think it's colder in here.
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew: At this festive season of the year, Mr. Scrooge, many of us feel we must take care of our poor and homeless.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Are-are there no prisons? No poor houses?
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew: Oh, plenty of those, sir.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh! Excellent. For a moment, I was worried.
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew: Some of us are endeavoring to raise a fund for the poor and the homeless. What might I put you down for?
Ebenezer Scrooge: Nothing.
Dr. Bunsen Honeydew: You wish to remain anonymous?
Ebenezer Scrooge: I wish to be left alone.
Gonzo: At that moment, who should arrive at the door but Scrooge's nephew Fred. His only living relative.
Rizzo the Rat: Nephew Fred? I don't see him.
Gonzo: Trust me.
Rizzo the Rat: Hmm.
Fred: Hello? Uncle?
Gonzo: Rizzo?
Rizzo the Rat: You're very good at that, Mr. Dickens.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Nephew, you keep Christmas in your own way, and let me keep it in mine.
Fred: Christmas is a loving, honest, and charitable time. And though it's never put a scrap of silver or gold in my pocket, I believe Christmas has done me good and will do me good, and I say God bless it.
Ebenezer Scrooge: And how does one celebrate Christmas on the *UNEMPLOYMENT LINE*?
Pig Gentleman: Ah. Well, it was a fine meal.
Pig Gentleman: Yes, it was, wasn't it? Yes, what should we do now?
Pig Gentleman: Let's have, uh... lunch.
Pig Gentleman: Oh, good idea.
Fred: Uncle, come and have Christmas dinner with me and Clara tomorrow.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Why ever did you get married?
Fred: Why? Because I fell in love.
Ebenezer Scrooge: That's the only thing in the world sillier than a merry Christmas.
Fred: It's no use, Uncle. I shall keep my Christmas humor to the last. A merry Christmas to you. And a happy new year.
Kermit the Frog: Merry Christmas, Fred.
Fred: Merry Christmas, Bob.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Humbug!
Miss Piggy: Peter, do not stop turning that spit. That is the whole secret of a properly roasted goose.
Peter Cratchit: It smells so good, Mother.
Miss Piggy: It does, doesn't it?
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: Change!
Gonzo: Say, do you know that fruit is wax?
Rizzo the Rat: Oh, yeah. I wondered about the texture.
Gonzo: Come on, Rizzo. We'll follow him in.
Rizzo the Rat: In a minute. I had a little bag of jelly beans over here.
Gonzo: Will you just get over here?
Rizzo the Rat: All right.
Gonzo: Sheesh.
Rizzo the Rat: Uh-oh.
Rizzo the Rat: Steady. Steady.
Gonzo: Scrooge made his way up the staircase, caring not a button for the darkness. Darkness was cheap, and Scrooge liked it.
Ghost of Christmas Present: Have you ever noticed that everything seems wonderful at Christmas?
Ebenezer Scrooge: Uh, in all honesty, spirit, no. Perhaps I-I've never understood about Christmas.
Ghost of Christmas Present: Before this day is done, you *will* understand. Oh...
Rizzo the Rat: Oh, no! Oh, no!
Ghost of Christmas Present: Ah. We shall go out into the world.
Rizzo the Rat: I suppose you enjoyed that?
Gonzo: Of course.
Kermit the Frog: It only seems right that I should lift a glass to my employer. I give you Mr. Scrooge, the founder of the feast.
Miss Piggy: The founder of the feast, indeed!
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: Huh!
Miss Piggy: If I had him here, I would give him a piece of my mind to feast upon. And I bet he would choke on it. Hmm!
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: Choke!
Kermit the Frog: My dear, the-the children, Christmas Day.
Miss Piggy: Oh, uh... w-well, I-I suppose that on the blessed day of Christmas, one must drink to the health of, uh, Mr. Scrooge, even though he is odious.
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: Mm-hmm!
Miss Piggy: Stingy.
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: Mm-hmm!
Miss Piggy: Wicked.
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: Mm-hmm!
Miss Piggy: And unfeeling.
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: Mm-hmm!
Miss Piggy: And badly dressed.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: To the founder of the feast, Mr. Scrooge!
Miss Piggy: Ah, to Mr. Scrooge, he'll be very merry and happy this day, I have no doubt.
Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit: No doubt.
Kermit the Frog: Hmm. Cheers.
Miss Piggy: How was he at church?
Kermit the Frog: Oh, as good as gold and better. He told me that he hoped the people saw him in church because it might be pleasant for them to remember upon Christmas Day who made lame beggars walk and blind men see.
Ebenezer Scrooge: A remarkable child.
Gonzo: And with that, the Cratchits came to what was surely the happiest single moment in all the livelong year.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Such a meager feast.
Ghost of Christmas Present: But very much appreciated.
Ebenezer Scrooge: I beg you, spirit, I... I am mortal. I'm liable to fall.
Ghost of Christmas Past: A touch of my hand, and you shall fly.
Gonzo: Scrooge lived in chambers which had once belonged to his old business partners, Jacob and Robert Marley.
Rizzo the Rat: Have some bread?
Gonzo: Not while I'm working.
Rizzo the Rat: Okay, suit yourself.
Gonzo: And what a flood of memories came back to him, as Scrooge beheld his old classroom.
Ebenezer Scrooge: I know it all so well, spirit. The desks. The smell of the chalk. I chose my profession in this room.
Ghost of Christmas Past: And is he, too, familiar?
Gonzo: Scrooge beheld a small boy, a boy he knew, oh, very well indeed.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Good heavens. It's me.
Rizzo the Rat: Oh, at least I landed on something soft. And hot! Ooh! Ooh! Ohh! Ah! Ooh! Hot! Hot! Hot! Hot!
Belinda Cratchit: I thought you said we couldn't eat the chestnuts until Father and Tiny Tim get home.
Miss Piggy: I-I-I-I wasn't eating them, I was... I was merely checking them to see if they were not burnt. It's a chef's thing, dear. And do not shout, Betina.
Belinda Cratchit: I'm Belinda!
Betina Cratchit: I'm Betina!
Miss Piggy: Uh, o-of course you are, uh, Betina.
Belinda Cratchit: Belinda!
Miss Piggy: Whatever.
Ghost of Christmas Present: It's in the singing of a street corner choir/It's going home and getting warm by the fire/It's true wherever you find love, it feels like Christmas.
Ghost of Christmas Present: A cup of kindness that we share with another/A sweet reunion with a friend or a brother/In all the places you find love/It feels like Christmas/It is the season of the heart/A special time of caring/The ways of love made clear/And it is the season of the spirit/The message if we hear it/Is make it last all year.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Spirit? What is that light? It cannot be dawn.
Ghost of Christmas Past: It is the past.
Gonzo: Look, it's beautiful, Rizzo!
Rizzo the Rat: Mommy!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Why do you come to me?
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley/Avarice and greed.
Jacob Marley: We took advantage of the poor, just ignored the needy.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We specialized in causing pain, spreading fear and doubt.
Robert Marley: And if you could not pay the rent, we simply threw you out!
Robert Marley: There was the year we evicted the entire orphanage.
Jacob Marley: Hmm, I remember the little tykes all standing in the snowbank.
Robert Marley: With their little frostbitten teddy bears.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley/Our hearts were painted black.
Jacob Marley: We should have known our evil deeds/Would put us both in shackles.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: Captive, bound, we're double-ironed/Exhausted by the weight.
Jacob Marley: As freedom comes from giving love...
Robert Marley: ...So prison comes with hate.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: We're Marley and Marley.
Ebenezer Scrooge: But my friends, you were not unfeeling towards your fellow men.
Robert Marley: True, there was something about mankind we loved.
Jacob Marley: I think it was their money.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: Doomed, Scrooge/You're doomed for all time.
Robert Marley: Your future is a horror story/Written by your crime.
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: Your chains are forged/By what you say and do/So have your fun when life is done/A nightmare waits for you.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Why these terrible chains?
Jacob Marley, Robert Marley: Oh!
Robert Marley: The chains!
Jacob Marley: We forged these chains in life by our acts of greed.
Robert Marley: You wear such a chain yourself.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Humbug! Speak comfort to me, friends.
Ebenezer Scrooge: What's today?
Bean Bunny: Pardon?
Ebenezer Scrooge: What's today, my fine fellow?
Bean Bunny: Today? Why, today is Christmas Day.
Ebenezer Scrooge: It's Christmas Day? I haven't missed it. The spirits did it all in one night. They can do anything they like. Of course they can. Of course they can.
Bean Bunny: Uh, of course they can.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Spirit, do you grow old?
Ghost of Christmas Present: I do.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Are spirits' lives so short?
Ghost of Christmas Present: My time upon this globe is very brief. I believe it will end upon the stroke of twelve.
Rizzo the Rat: One.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Now? But spirit, I have learned so much from you.
Gonzo: Nothing Scrooge could do or say could stop the relentless march of those terrible bells.
Ebenezer Scrooge: I'm home.
Gonzo: Yes, the bedposts were his own. The bed was his own. The room was his own.
Rizzo the Rat: Hi, guys, we're back.
Gonzo: We promised we would be.
Rizzo the Rat: Mm-hmm.
Gonzo: But the thing that made Scrooge happiest of all was that his life lay before him. And it could be changed.
Ebenezer Scrooge: I will live my life in the past, the present, and the future. Oh, Jacob and Robert Marley.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh, heaven in the Christmastime be praised for this day. I say it on my knees, Jacob and Robert. On my knees!
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh, spirit, do not leave me.
Ghost of Christmas Present: I think I must, in fact.
Ebenezer Scrooge: You have meant so much to me. You have changed me.
Ghost of Christmas Present: And now I leave you with the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come.
Ebenezer Scrooge: You mean the future?
Ghost of Christmas Present: Mm.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Must I?
Ghost of Christmas Present: Go forth, and know him better, man.
Ebenezer Scrooge: It's Bob Cratchit's house. Oh, yes, spirit. A place of joy and laughter. Thank you for bringing me here.
Ebenezer Scrooge: It's so quiet. Why is it so quiet, spirit?
Betina Cratchit: Oh, Mother, you're crying again.
Miss Piggy: Oh, no, it's just the lamplight, it hurts my eyes.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Not Tiny Tim?
Tiny Tim Cratchit: God bless us, everyone.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: Life is full of sweet surprises/Every day's a gift/The sun comes up/And I can feel it lift my spirit/Fills me up with laughter/Fills me up with song/I look into the eyes of love/And know that I belong/Bless us all/Who gather here.
Miss Piggy, Tiny Tim Cratchit: The loving family I hold dear.
Kermit the Frog, Tiny Tim Cratchit: No place on Earth/Compares with home/And every path will bring me back from where I roam.
Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Peter Cratchit, Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit, Tiny Tim Cratchit: Bless us all/That as we live/We always comfort and forgive.
Kermit the Frog, Tiny Tim Cratchit: We have so much/That we can share.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: With those in need we see around us everywhere/Let us always...
Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Peter Cratchit, Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit, Tiny Tim Cratchit: Love each other.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: Lead us to the light/Let us hear...
Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Peter Cratchit, Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit, Tiny Tim Cratchit: The voice of reason.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: Singing in the night.
Kermit the Frog: Let us run from anger.
Miss Piggy: And catch us when we fall.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: Teach us in our dreams/And please, yes, please...
Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Peter Cratchit, Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit, Tiny Tim Cratchit: Bless us one and all.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: Bless us all/With playful years/With noisy games and joyful tears.
Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Peter Cratchit, Betina Cratchit, Belinda Cratchit, Tiny Tim Cratchit: We reach for you/And we stand tall.
Kermit the Frog: And in our prayers and dreams, we ask you, bless us all.
Tiny Tim Cratchit: We reach for you/And we stand tall/And in our prayers and dreams, we ask you, bless us all.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Do you know the poultry shop in the next street?
Bean Bunny: Yes, sir, I do.
Ebenezer Scrooge: An intelligent lad. A remarkable lad. Do you know whether the prize turkey has been sold in the window?
Bean Bunny: Oh, the one twice as big as me? It's still there.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Oh, it's a pleasure talking with you, lad. Go and buy it.
Bean Bunny: Be serious.
Ebenezer Scrooge: I am being serious. Buy it for me and I'll give you a shilling.
Bean Bunny: Oh.
Ebenezer Scrooge: No, I'll give you five shillings.
Bean Bunny: Wow!
Gonzo: And so the boy was off like a shot. So even...
Bean Bunny: Um... sorry.
Ebenezer Scrooge: Spirit, I fear you more than any specter I have yet met.
Rizzo the Rat: Nice story, Mr. Dickens.
Gonzo: Oh, thanks. If you like this, you should read the book.     