
Phil: Well, what if there is no tomorrow? There wasn't one today.
Phil: Do you ever have déjà vu, Mrs. Lancaster?
Mrs. Lancaster: I don't think so, but I could check with the kitchen.
Phil: What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same, and nothing that you did mattered?
Ralph: That about sums it up for me.
D.J. #1: Okay, campers, rise and shine, and don't forget your booties 'cause it's cooooold out there today.
D.J. #2: It's coooold out there every day. What is this, Miami Beach?
D.J. #1: Not hardly. And you know, you can expect hazardous travel later today with that, you know, that, uh, that blizzard thing.
D.J. #2: That blizzard - thing. That blizzard - thing. Oh, well, here's the report! The National Weather Service is calling for a "big blizzard thing!"
D.J. #1: Yessss, they are. But you know, there's another reason why today is especially exciting.
D.J. #2: Especially cold!
D.J. #1: Especially cold, okay, but the big question on everybody's lips...
D.J. #2: On their chapped lips...
D.J. #1: On their chapped lips, right: Do ya think Phil is gonna come out and see his shadow?
D.J. #2: Punxsutawney Phil!
D.J. #1: That's right, woodchuck-chuckers - it's...
D.J. #1, D.J. #2: GROUNDHOG DAY!
Phil: I think you're the kindest, sweetest, prettiest person I've ever met in my life. I've never seen anyone that's nicer to people than you are. The first time I saw you... something happened to me. I never told you but... I knew that I wanted to hold you as hard as I could. I don't deserve someone like you. But if I ever could, I swear I would love you for the rest of my life.
Rita: Did you say something?
Phil: Good night.
Ned: Phil? Hey, Phil? Phil! Phil Connors? Phil Connors, I thought that was you!
Phil: Hi, how you doing? Thanks for watching.
Ned: Hey, hey! Now, don't you tell me you don't remember me because I sure as heckfire remember you.
Phil: Not a chance.
Ned: Ned... Ryerson. "Needlenose Ned"? "Ned the Head"? C'mon, buddy. Case Western High. Ned Ryerson: I did the whistling belly-button trick at the high school talent show? Bing! Ned Ryerson: got the shingles real bad senior year, almost didn't graduate? Bing, again. Ned Ryerson: I dated your sister Mary Pat a couple times until you told me not to anymore? Well?
Phil: Ned Ryerson?
Ned: Bing!
Phil: Bing.
Phil: This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather.
Ned: Phil?
Phil: Ned?
Phil: Yeah, three cheeseburgers, two large fries, two chocolate shakes and one large coke.
Ralph: And some flapjacks.
Phil: Too early for flapjacks?
Phil: You want a prediction about the weather, you're asking the wrong Phil. I'll give you a winter prediction: It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be grey, and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life.
Rita: Do you every have déjà vu?
Phil: Didn't you just ask me that?
Phil: When Chekhov saw the long winter, he saw a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope. Yet we know that winter is just another step in the cycle of life. But standing here among the people of Punxsutawney and basking in the warmth of their hearths and hearts, I couldn't imagine a better fate than a long and lustrous winter.
Phil Connors: This is pitiful. A thousand people freezing their butts off waiting to worship a rat. What a hype. Groundhog Day used to mean something in this town. They used to pull the hog out, and they used to eat it. You're hypocrites, all of you!
Phil: I was in the Virgin Islands once. I met a girl. We ate lobster, drank piña coladas. At sunset, we made love like sea otters.
Phil: *That* was a pretty good day. Why couldn't I get *that* day over, and over, and over...
Rita: Phil, why weren't you like this last night? You just fell asleep.
Phil: It was the end of a VERY long day.
Phil: I'm a god.
Rita: You're God?
Phil: I'm *a* god. I'm not *the* God... I don't think.
Phil: It's the same thing your whole life: "Clean up your room. Stand up straight. Pick up your feet. Take it like a man. Be nice to your sister. Don't mix beer and wine, ever." Oh yeah: "Don't drive on the railroad track."
Gus: Well, Phil, that's one I happen to agree with.
Phil: I'm betting he's going to swerve first.
Phil: I have been stabbed, shot, poisoned, frozen, hung, electrocuted, and burned.
Rita: Oh, really?
Phil: ...and every morning I wake up without a scratch on me, not a dent in the fender... I am an immortal.
Phil: There is no way that this winter is *ever* going to end as long as this groundhog keeps seeing his shadow. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped. And I have to stop him.
Piano Teacher: Not bad... Mr. Connors, you say this is your first lesson?
Phil: Yes, but my father was a piano *mover*, so...
Phil: Don't drive angry. Don't drive angry!
Rita: What about me, Phil? Do you know me too?
Phil: I know all about you. You like producing, but you hope for more than Channel 9 Pittsburgh.
Rita: Well, everyone knows that!
Phil: You like boats, but not the ocean. You go to a lake in the summer with your family up in the mountains. There's a long wooden dock and a boathouse with boards missing from the roof, and a place you used to crawl underneath to be alone. You're a sucker for French poetry and rhinestones. You're very generous. You're kind to strangers and children, and when you stand in the snow you look like an angel.
Rita: How are you doing this?
Phil: I told you. I wake up every day, right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February 2nd, and there's nothing I can do about it.
Rita: This day was perfect. You couldn't have planned a day like this.
Phil: Well, you can. It just takes an awful lot of work.
Phil: Why are you here?
Rita: You said stay so I stayed.
Phil: I can't even make a collie stay.
Phil: So, did you sleep OK without me? You tossed and turned, didn't you?
Rita: You're incredible.
Phil: Who told you?
Phil: Come on, *all* the long distance lines are down? What about the satellite? Is it snowing in space? Don't you have some kind of a line that you keep open for emergencies or for celebrities? I'm both. I'm a celebrity in an emergency.
Rita: It's beautiful. I don't know what to say.
Phil: I do. Whatever happens tomorrow, or for the rest of my life, I'm happy now... because I love you.
Phil: Do you know what today is?
Rita: No, what?
Phil: Today is tomorrow. It happened.
Larry: He... might be okay.
Larry: Well, no. Probably not now.
Felix's Wife: Dr. Connors. I want to thank you for fixing Felix's back. He can even help around the house again.
Phil: I'm sorry to hear that, Felix.
Phil: A gust of wind.
Phil: A dog barks.
Phil: Cue the truck.
Phil: Exit Herman; walk out into the bank.
Phil: Exit Felix, and stand there with a not-so-bright look on your face.
Phil: All right, Doris, come on. Hey, fix your bra, honey... That's better.
Phil: Felix.
Phil: How ya doin' Doris?
Phil: Can I have a roll of quarters?
Phil: Phil: 10, 9, 8, car...
Phil: ...6, 5, quarters...
Phil: ...3, 2...
Herman: Felix, did I bring out two bags or one?
Felix: I dunno.
Phil: You wanna throw up here, or you wanna throw up in the car?
Ralph: I think... both.
Mrs. Lancaster: Will you be checking out today, Mr. Connors?
Phil: Change of departure today:... Eighty percent?... seventy-five/eighty?
Man in Hallway: Think it'll be an early spring?
Phil: Winter, slumbering in the open air, wears on its smiling face a dream... of spring. Ciao.
Man in Hallway: Ciao.
Phil: Something is... different.
Rita: Good or bad?
Phil: Anything different is good.
Ned: Phil, this is the best day of my life.
Phil: Mine too.
Rita: Mine too.
Ned: Where are we going?
Rita: Oh, let's not spoil it!
Phil: Ned, I would love to stay here and talk with you... but I'm not going to.
Mrs. Lancaster: Did you sleep well, Mr. Connors?
Phil: I slept alone, Mrs. Lancaster.
Rita: Why would anybody steal a groundhog?
Larry: I can probably think of a couple of reasons... pervert.
Rita: What did you do today?
Phil: Oh, same-old same-old.
Man in Hallway: Morning. Off to see the groundhog?
Phil: Yeah.
Man in Hallway: Think it'll be an early spring?
Phil: Didn't we do this yesterday?
Man in Hallway: I don't know what you mean.
Phil: Don't mess with me, pork chop. What day is this?
Man in Hallway: It's February 2nd. Groundhog Day.
Phil: Yeah. I'm sorry. You know, I thought it was yesterday.
Man in Hallway: Oh.
Phil: You know, people like blood sausage, too. People are morons.
Phil: Hey commander, what's going on?
State Trooper: There's nothing going on. We're closing the road. Big blizzard moving in.
Phil: What blizzard? It's a couple of flakes.
State Trooper: Don't you listen to the weather? We got a major storm here.
Phil: I make the weather! All of this moisture coming up out of the Gulf is gonna push off to the east and hit Altoona.
State Trooper: Pal, you got that moisture on your head. Now you can go back to Punxsutawney, or you can go ahead and freeze to death. It's your choice. So what's it gonna be?
Phil: I'm thinking...
Mrs. Lancaster: Will you be checking out today, Mr. Connors?
Phil: Chance of departure today: one hundred percent!
Psychiatrist: That's an unusual problem, Mr. Connors. Uh, Most of my work is with couples, families. I have an alcoholic now.
Phil: Well you went to college, right? I mean, it wasn't veterinary psychology, was it? Didn't you take some kind of course that covered this stuff?
Psychiatrist: Yeah, sort of, I guess. Uh, abnormal psychology.
Phil: So, what do I do?
Psychiatrist: I think we should meet again. How's tomorrow for you?
Psychiatrist: Is that not good?
Phil: Who wants coffee? Get it while it's hot!
Rita: Oh! Thanks, Phil!
Phil: Larry? Skim milk, two sugar.
Larry: Yeah. Thanks, Phil!
Phil: Pastry?
Rita: No. We're just setting up.
Phil: Pastry, Larry? Take your pick.
Larry: Well, thanks, Phil. Raspberry, great.
Phil: Say, I was just talking with Buster Green, he's the head groundhog honcho. And he said, if we set up over here
Phil: , we might get a better shot. What do you think?
Rita: Sounds good.
Phil: Larry, what do you think?
Larry: Yeah. Let's go for it.
Rita: Good work, Phil.
Phil: Maybe we'll get lucky. Let me give you a hand with the heavy stuff.
Larry: Uh...
Phil: No, no, you got your coffee.
Phil: We never talk, Larry. Do you have kids?
Rita: What should we drink to?
Phil: I'd like to say a prayer and drink to world peace.
Phil Connors: Excuse me, where is everybody going?
Fan on Street: To Gobbler's Knob. It's Groundhog Day.
Phil Connors: It's still just once a year, isn't it?
Rita: I like to see a man of advancing years throwing caution to the wind. It's inspiring in a way.
Phil: My years are not advancing as fast as you might think.
Larry: Did he actually call himself "the talent"?
Phil: I am not making it up. I am asking you for help.
Rita: Okay, what do you want me to do?
Phil: I don't know. You're a producer. Come up with something.
Rita: Are you drunk or something?
Phil: Drunk is more fun.
Ned: So what are you doing for dinner?
Phil: Umm... something else.
Phil: I don't suppose there's any chance of a espresso or cappuccino?
Mrs. Lancaster: Oh, I don't know...
Phil: ... how to /spell/ espresso or cappuccino.
Phil: Can I be serious with you with you for a minute?
Rita: I don't know. Can you?
Phil: Can I talk to you about a matter that is not work-related?
Rita: You never talk about work.
Phil: Nancy: she works in the dress shop and makes noises like a chipmunk when she gets *real* excited.
Nancy: Hey!
Phil: It's true.
Rita: Three hundred and thirty-nine dollars and eighty-eight cents!
Phil: Well maybe the *real* God uses tricks, you know? Maybe he's not omnipotent. He's just been around so long he knows everything.
Rita: Believe it or not, I studied nineteenth-century French poetry.
Phil: La fille que j'aimera Sera comme bon vin Qui se bonifiera Un peux chaques matin
Rita: You speak French?
Phil: Oui.
Phil: I killed myself so many times I don't even exist anymore.
Nurse: Sometimes, people just die.
Phil: Not today.
Larry: He's out of his gourd.
Rita: Would you like to come to dinner with Larry and me?
Phil: No thank you. I've seen Larry eat.
Phil: Well, it's Groundhog Day... again...
Gus: Phil? Like the groundhog Phil?
Phil: Yeah, like the groundhog Phil.
Gus: Look out for your shadow there, buddy.
Phil: Morons, your bus is leaving.
Phil: Somebody asked me today, "Phil, if you could be anywhere in the world, where would you like to be?" And I said to him, "Prob'ly right here - Elko, Nevada, our nation's high at 79 today." Out in California, they're gonna have some warm weather tomorrow, gang wars, and some *very* overpriced real estate. Up in the Pacific Northwest, as you can see, they're gonna have some very, very tall trees.
Rita: Don't you worry about cholesterol?
Phil: I don't worry about anything.
Phil: I think people place too much emphasis on their careers. I wish we could all live in the mountains at high altitude. That's where I see myself in five years. How about you?
Rita: Oh, I agree. I just like to go with the flow. See where it leads me.
Phil: Well, it's led you here.
Rita: Mm hmm. Of course it's about a million miles from where I started out in college.
Phil: You weren't in broadcasting or journalism?
Rita: Uh unh. Believe it or not, I studied 19th-century French poetry.
Phil: What a waste of time! I mean, for someone else that would be an incredible waste of time. It's so bold of you to choose that. It's incredible; you must have been a very very strong person.
Ned: Do you have life insurance, Phil? Because if you do, you could always use a little more, right? I mean, who couldn't? But you wanna know something? I got the feeling...
Ned: ... you ain't got any. Am I right or am I right? Or am I right? Am I right?
Phil: I'm reliving the same day over and over.
Rita: What are you looking for Phil? A date for the weekend?
Phil: To the groundhog.
Rita: I always drink to world peace.
Phil: Uh, Mrs. Lancaster, uh, was anybody looking for me here this morning? Perhaps a state official? Maybe a blue hat, gun, nightstick?
Mrs. Lancaster: Oh, no, no one like that. Will there be?
Phil: Apparently not.
Phil: Yo, mom. Isn't there any hot water?
Mrs. Lancaster: Oh, no. There wouldn't be today.
Phil: Of course not. Silly me.
Rita: You're not a god. You can take my word for it; this is twelve years of Catholic school talking.
Phil: It's so beautiful!... Let's live here.
Phil: We'll rent, to start.
Larry: People just don't understand what is involved in this. This is an art-form! You know, I think that most people just think that I hold a camera and point at stuff, but there is a *heck* of a lot more to it than just that.
Phil: For your information, Hairdo, there is a major network interested in me.
Larry: Yeah, that would be the Home Shopping Network.
Phil: Ah, nuts.
Phil: Could I have one more of these with some booze in it please?
Gus: Hey Phil, if we wanted to hit mailboxes we could let Ralph drive.
Elderly Lady whose flat tire Phil fixed: He's the fastest jack in Jefferson County!
Buster Green: If you gotta shoot, aim high. I don't wanna hit the groundhog.
Phil: Wow! Looking *foxy* tonight man! Hey, is your troop gonna be selling cookies again this year?
Larry: Oh that's so funny Phil!
Phil: Can I have another one of these with some booze in it?
Phil: What the hell?
Phil: We could do whatever we want.
Rita: It's groundhog time.
Larry: Prima Donnas.
Phil: Morons, your bus is leaving.
Phil: Is there anything I can do for you... today?
Phil: I'm not going to live by their rules anymore.
Phil: So what do you want out of life anyway?
Rita: I guess I want what everybody wants. You know, career, love, marriage, children.
Phil: Are you seeing anyone?
Rita: I think this is getting too personal. I don't think I'm ready to share this with you.
Rita: How about you? What do you want?
Phil: What I really want is someone like you.
Rita: Oh, please.
Phil: Well, why not? What are you looking for? Who is your perfect guy?
Phil: Well, first of all, he's too humble to know he's perfect.
Phil: That's me.
Rita: He's intelligent, supportive, funny...
Phil: Intelligent, supportive, funny... me, me, me...
Rita: He's romantic and courageous...
Phil: Me also...
Rita: He's got a good body, but he doesn't have to look in the mirror every two minutes.
Phil: I have a great body, and sometimes I go months without looking.
Rita: He's kind and sensitive and gentle, he's not afraid to cry in front of me...
Phil: This is a man we're talking about, right?
Rita: He likes animals and children and he'll change poopy diapers...
Phil: Does he have to use the word poopy?
Rita: Oh, and he plays an instrument, and he loves his mother.
Phil: I am really close on this one... really, really close.
Rita: You're missin' all the fun! These people are great! Some of them have been partyin' all night long! They sing songs 'till they get too cold and then they go sit by the fire and they get warm, and then they come back and sing some more!
Phil: Yeah, they're hicks, Rita!
Phil: Commander, what's going on?
Groundhog Official: There's nothing going on. We're closing the road. Big blizzard moving in.
Phil: What blizzard? It's a couple flakes.
Groundhog Official: Don't you listen to the weather? We got a major storm here.
Phil: I make the weather! All this moisture coming up out of the Gulf will push off to the east and hit Altoona.
Groundhog Official: Pal, you got that moisture on your head. You can go back to Punxsutawney or you can freeze to death. It's your choice. What's it gonna be?
Phil: I'm thinking...
Diner Patron: Just put that anywhere, pal! Yeah! Good save!
Rita: Where were you?
Phil: It was awful. A giant leech got me.
Phil: Ned Ryerson?
Ned: BING!
Phil: Can you keep a secret Larry? I'm probably leaving PBH. So this will be the last time we do the Groundhog festival together.
Larry: I don't understand what's so wrong with the Groundhog festival. You know when I was in San Diego, I had to cover the swallows returning to Capistrano six years in a row.
Phil: Someday someone's gonna' see me interviewing a groundhog and think I don't have a future.
Rita: Phil, going to the Groundhog dinner?
Phil: No, I had groundhog for lunch. Tastes like chicken.
Gus: Real nice. Just put that anywhere, pal. Yeah.
Ralph: Good save!
Ned: I got friends who live and die by the actuarial tables.
Rita: The wretch, concentred all in self, living, shall forfeit fair renown, and doubly dying, shall go down, to the vile dust from whence he sprung - unwept, unhonored, and unsung. Sir Walter Scott.
Phil: Ha, ha, ha.
Rita: What, you don't like poetry?
Phil: I love poetry. I just thought that was Willard Scott.     