
Montana: You speak Spanish huero, so do parrots.
Prison Librarian: Cocaine is America's cup of coffee.
Miklo Velka: Vatos Locos forever, ese!
Miklo: I may be white from the outside, but I'm brown on the inside, TO THE BONE.
Big Al: Im about finished waiting for my money, punk.
Miklo: What am I going to tell my parole officer?
Popeye: Tell him to suck his pee-pee.
Miklo Velka: When you expect nothing and get everything, that's destiny.
Popeye: Hey, Cinderella, go find yourself a fella, you're on the clock bitch and midnight is coming, you got the wrong man.
Cruz: For 10 years, I've been star-trekking through the Twilight Zone.
Montana: What do you want?
Miklo: I thought you wanted it.
Montana: What?
Miklo: My chop.
Montana: I don't want his pork chop.
Montana: I want his life.
Paco: You should not have done that to my brother, Cruzito, ese! Know what I mean jellybean? You wanna dance? I know a tune, that's gonna stick and cut.
Paco: You like dancing stick and cut, ese? Huh, puto.
Paco: What do you vatos want to do ese?
Spider: Caele, homies.
Paco: You gotta pay your dues to me, pinche mamón.
Spider: You want to throw it out, puto? Come and get some. Chale, motherfucker!
Paco: Man, fuck you. ¿You want another placazo bad ass? Come and get it motherfucker!
Spider: Chinga tu madre! I will cut your fucking heart out, punk!
Coolaide: ANDALE!
Paco: And FUCK these other vatos, ese! ¡Get up Chucky, get up! You fuck with my familia eh, you got to answer to me, here and now come on, toe to toe.
Paco: LET'S GO MOTHERFUCKER! Let's see what kind of man you are in daylight.
Paco: What's the matter, Spider you are scared of me?
Spider: I'm gonna catch you on the fuckin' rebound, punk!
Paco: I'm gonna squash you, like the pinche bug you are, COME ON MOTHERFUCKER!
Spider: VAMONOS!
Miklo Velka: VIVA VATOS LOCOS!
Spider: I'm gonna fuck you up, you Casper looking, motherfucker! ¡Get in the car, Demon!
Paco: La VL!
Cruz: AY VIENEN, AY VIENEN!
Miklo Velka: SHIT!
Paco: FUCK YOU, PUTOS ESE!
Miklo Velka: You should try to ride a tricycle Spider!
Cruz: Spider puto, you paint our wall, we'll paint your ass, ese!
Spider: Why you want to bust our ride around, punk? Fuck You Candelaria, we're taking over this varrio!
Miklo Velka: You want to see who I am, huh?
Cruz: CALMALA, CALMALA!
Realthing: I'll do the warning shots, cabrón!
Smokey: We can do the Running Truck or we can op each other.
Apache: POCOS PERO LOCOS, HOMIE!
Cruz: Miklo, don't fuck around ese.
Clavo: Realthing, don't do it.
Cruz: Miklo, this vato is big trouble!
Miklo Velka: CALLATE!
Clavo: You blobbed into this game, gabacho, you better hold in 5 aces.
Miklo Velka: In the joint I was hustling more money than that punk ever dreamed of, he was punch my timeclock. WHAT'S THE GIG?
Cruz: Aguila, Aguila.
Cruz: Hey homes you can't come here any more, unless you're gonna bust me.
Paco: And who the FUCK gave you permission to use my little brother in your paintings?
Cruz: I don't need permission from you, he's my carnalito too!
Paco: Don't you use Juanito as an excuse to wreck your life. ¡YOU DON' HAVE THAT RIGHT!
Cruz: Si culero, I don't have that right, huh? Fuckin' right I don't
Cruz: I don't have that fuckin' right! You want him out of my paintings, joto? All right, all right THERE HE IS! AHI ESTA, TOMA, TAKE IT MAN COME ON! Juanito always loved me more than you, homes. Tu te creeias muy chingón but you were always so much of a BADASS to love the little vato. Just like you are now so much of a fucking badass you kill YOU'RE OWN PEOPLE!
Paco: NOOOOOOOO! Don't you ever say that to me again Cruzito, I let you say that one more time.
Cruz: QUE PUTO WHAT THE FUCK! You're gonna kick my ass? Well caiga LET'S GET DOWN! Come on you're the badass!
Paco: I don't want to fight with you little brother.
Cruz: Well what, bust me? Well come on gabacho you're the law. Do you're job.
Cruz: DO YOU'RE FUCKING JOB!
Popeye: White bitch, give me some chon-chon.
Miklo Velka: Get away from me.
Popeye: You get NOTHING for free in here punk!
Miklo Velka: CHINGA TU MADRE!
Cruz: You think you used your brotherhood up like a shot of tequila?
Cruz: Take the pain away...
Paco: What a dick
Rollie McCann: Dick and Asshole that's all you ever call me. What is my name Dick Asshole?
Old Con: For Cheap Times ! For Cheap Times !
Big Al: And now for my brown brothers... Sorry no tortillas!
Rollie McCann: Let's go, out of the car!
Popeye: Careful, careful we are tax payers, Officer McCann.
Paco: Turn around!
Rollie McCann: You two, out of the car!
Popeye: Orale, that's a nice placa you got there, ese. You should be riding with me, not fucking with me, carnal.
Paco: Hey don't you call me carnal, you piece of shit I'm not your brother, these comebacks of few are killing of our kids.
Popeye: You should get some clothes on officer before you get arrested for indecent exposure, what an example you set for the kids.
Paco: Listen you motherfuckin' rat punk, i'm gonna put your rat clicka back to the joint you hear me, you keep talking, YOU KEEP TALKING!
Cruz: Nah, chale homes. Don't get fucked up in this bullshit. Stay straight, pendejo.
Miklo Velka: No sermons, ese. You remember that?
Paco: Hey, puto.
Smokey: What the fuck you think your doing, chorizo?
Paco: Trying to jump start your memory, turn your ass over. Where the fuck is Popeye Saavedra?
Smokey: I haven't seen the vato, he took off.
Paco: Yeah, after the Zody's event, huh? You were on that too, Smokey? What about these other putos, you know them, don't you?
Smokey: No, no way.
Paco: La Onda? Isn't what that snake tattoo means? ISN'T WHAT THAT SNAKE TATTOO MEANS?
Smokey: I don't know what the fuck you talking about, ese.
Paco: I'll tell you what I'm talking about, pendejo.
Paco: You're a too time loser, Smokey. One more of this and you are going to be locked up for good. So you tell me about Onda or I'm gonna strap you down with THE BITCH AND YOU'LL NEVER SEE THE STREETS AGAIN.
Smokey: If I say anything I'm dead meat man. I ain't gonna tell you shit, ese.
Paco: That's baby powder, baboso.
Miklo Velka: Im gonna lick you clean.
Popeye: She looks a little Bowlegged to me Al.
Big Al: Move on nigger, before I carpet my cell with your black skin.
Coolaide: That's the punk from the Alley.
Miklo Velka: Hey Spider?
Spider: Vato Loco must be a medication to come here.
Miklo Velka: ¡You cut my carnal, i'm here to jack you off, puto!
    