
Sarah: If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to never stop loving them. Buildings burn, people die, but real love is forever.
Eric Draven: Can't rain all the time...
Albrecht: Police! Don't move! I said, "Don't move!"
Eric Draven: I thought the police always said, "Freeze!"
Albrecht: Well, I am the police, and I say, "Don't move" Snow White. You move, you're dead.
Eric Draven: And I say, "I'm dead," and I move.
Eric Draven: Mother is the name for God on the lips and hearts of all children. Do you understand? Morphine is bad for you. Your daughter is out there on the streets waiting for you.
Sarah: People once believed that when someone dies, a crow carries their soul to the land of the dead. But sometimes, something so bad happens that a terrible sadness is carried with it and the soul can't rest. Then sometimes, just sometimes, the crow can bring that soul back to put the wrong things right.
Eric Draven: Victims; aren't we all?
Eric Draven: Little things used to mean so much to Shelly- I used to think they were kind of trivial. Believe me, nothing is trivial.
Sarah: A building gets torched, all that is left is ashes. I used to think that was true about everything, families, friends, feelings. But now I know, that sometimes if love proves real, two people who are meant to be together, nothing can keep them apart.
Albrecht: You're the guy that murdered Tin-Tin.
Eric Draven: He was already dead. He died a year ago the moment he touched her. They're all dead. They just don't know it yet.
Eric Draven: Suddenly I heard a tapping, as of someone gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
Gideon: What are you talking about?
Eric Draven: You heard me rapping, right?
Funboy: Jesus Christ!
Eric Draven: Jesus Christ? Stop me if you heard this one: Jesus Christ walks into a hotel.
Eric Draven: Ow! He hands the innkeeper three nails, and he asks...
Funboy: Don't you ever fuckin' die?
Eric Draven: Can you put me up for the night?
T-Bird: Abashed the Devil stood and felt how awful goodness is.
Eric Draven: Is that gasoline I smell?
Eric Draven: Take your shot, Funboy. You got me dead bang.
Top Dollar: Our friend T-bird won't be joining us this evening on account of a slight case of death.
Eric Draven: I have something to give you. I don't want it anymore. Thirty hours of pain all at once, all for you.
Top Dollar: Quick impression for you: Caw! Caw! Bang! Fuck, I'm dead!
Albrecht: Are you gonna vanish into thin air again?
Eric Draven: I thought I'd use your front door.
Top Dollar: Dad gave me this. Fifth birthday. He said, "Childhood's over the moment you know you're gonna die."
Sarah: What are you supposed to be, a clown or something?
Eric Draven: Sometimes.
Sarah: It's more like surfing than skating. I wish the rain would stop just once.
Eric Draven: It can't rain all the time.
Sarah: Eric?
Top Dollar: Greed is for amateurs. Disorder, chaos, anarchy: now that's fun!
Albrecht: I thought, you know, you were invincible!
Eric Draven: I was. I'm not any more.
Top Dollar: How the hell did that thing get in here?
Eric Draven: Gentlemen!
Eric Draven: Hehe... aw fuck...
Shelly Webster: I love you.
Eric Draven: Say that again.
Shelly Webster: I love you.
Eric Draven: A whole jolly club with jolly pirate nicknames!
T-Bird: What? What are you talking about? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You mean that place downtown? Yeah, I remember her. We needed to put some fear into that little lady, she wasn't going along with our tenant relocation program. Then her idiot boyfriend shows up and turns a simple, sweeping clear into a total cluster fuck! Who gives a shit? It's ancient history. Why? What do you want? What is it? What? Speak to me! Speak!
T-Bird: Did you send us these complaints?
T-Bird: Come here! "Abashed the devil stood-" Does it get you sweaty?
T-Bird: I know you. I know you.
T-Bird: I knew I knew you, I knew I knew you. But you ain't you. You can't be you. We put you through the window. There ain't no coming back. This is the really real world, there ain't no coming back. We killed you dead, there ain't no coming back! There ain't no coming back! There ain't no coming back!
Albrecht: So many cops, you'd think they givin' away donuts.
Skank: Fuck you, Tin Tin!
Tin Tin: Hey, that shit ain't even loaded, man.
Funboy: This one is.
T-Bird: Which of you Motor City motherfuckers wants to bet me this one isn't?
Eric Draven: Do you know someone named T-bird? He had a friend who shouldn't have played with knives.
Albrecht: Great. A guy shows up looking like a mime from Hell and you lose him right out in the open. Well, at least he didn't do that walking against the wind shit, I hate that.
Eric Draven: I see you have made your decision, now let's see you enforce it.
Top Dollar: Aw, this is already boring the shit out of me. Kill 'im!
Top Dollar: For a ghost you bleed just fine.
Top Dollar: Ya know, my daddy used to say every man's got a devil. And you can't rest 'til you find him. What happened back there with you and your girlfriend - I cleared that building. Hell, nothin' in this town happens without my say-so. So I'm sorry if I spoiled your wedding plans there, friend. But, if it's any consolation to you, you have put a smile on my face.
Gideon: Look, I'm beggin' you, alright? Don't kill me.
Eric Draven: I'm not gonna kill you. Your job will be to tell the rest of them that death is coming for them, tonight. Tell them Eric Draven sends his regards.
Gideon: Goddamn creatures of the night. They never learn.
Grange: I saw him too. He had a guitar. He winked at me before he jumped out a fourth floor window like he had wings.
Top Dollar: He winked at you?
Top Dollar: Musicians.
Eric Draven: You shouldn't smoke these. They'll kill you.
Funboy: Look what you've done... to my sheets.
Eric Draven: Warmer?
Gideon: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Eric Draven: Don't you know this game?
Eric Draven: Guess it's not a good day to be a bad guy, huh, Skank?
Skank: I'm not Skank.
Skank: That's Skank right there. Skank's dead.
Eric Draven: That's right.
Top Dollar: So you're him, huh? The Avenger. The Killer of Killers. Nice outfit. I'm not sure about the face, though.
Funboy: You are seriously fucked up. Would you look in the mirror? I mean, you need professional help!
Funboy: Bingo! He shoots, he scores!
Eric Draven: Mr. Gideon, you're not paying attention!
Gideon: No! My hand!
Eric Draven: I repeat: A Gold engagement ring, yes? It was pawned here a year ago by a customer of yours named Tin Tin. He confided in me before he ran out of breath!
Top Dollar: Oh for fuck's sake, die, will ya?
Eric Draven: You have one chance to live.
Gideon: Look, man take anything you want.
Eric Draven: Thank you.
Gideon: TAKE ANYTHING!
Torres: Jesus, Albrecht, I can see why they took away your gold shield!
Albrecht: Yeah, I wasn't a big enough asshole.
T-Bird: I got trouble. One of my crew got himself perished.
Top Dollar: Yeah, and who might that be?
T-Bird: Tin Tin, somebody stuck his blades in all his major organs in alphabetical order.
Top Dollar: Well, gentlemen, by all means, I think we oughta have an introspective moment of silence for poor ol' Tin Tin.
Gideon: My livelihood got flushed and went swirling.
Skank: Holy shit! God-damned foreign cars!
Albrecht: Now Sarah, she's a genuine hot dogger. You hungry?
Sarah: You buyin'?
Albrecht: I'm buyin'.
Sarah: No onions though, okay?
Albrecht: No onions?
Sarah: They make you fart, big time.
Skank: That's him! That's him! But he looked different. He was all painted up white like some sort of dead whore! I seen him! T-Bird he sent me in some road beers, right? Then he took him away. But, I chased him down. And he flash fried T-bird to his fucking car! Aww, T-Bird here's to you buddy.
Skank: Fire it up! Fire it up! Fire it up!
Top Dollar: Maybe we oughta just video tape this, play it back in slow motion.
Top Dollar: Did you see the grave?
Grange: Empty.
Skank: Grave? What grave? What about my fucking grave?
Grange: Three out of four. He's working his way to this speed freak right here.
Skank: It's not fair. It's Funboy's fault. That boy was outta control. T-bird, he came in, said...
Skank: Waste them both! And now this ghost gonna kill my ass next!
T-Bird: FIRE IT UP! FIRE IT UP!
Top Dollar: You ain't lost everything.
Gideon: Yeah? And maybe you're not such a big shot, either!
Gideon: Ow! Jesus!
Top Dollar: Fair enough. Catch.
Gideon: Jesus.
Top Dollar: Say hello to the last fella who wouldn't cooperate with me.
Gideon: What are you telling me thi- You telling me this thing is real?
Top Dollar: All the power in the world rests in the eyes, fella.
Tin Tin: Murderer, man? Murderer? Let me tell you about murder. It's fun, it's easy, and you gonna learn all about it.
Tin Tin: I'd like you to meet two buddies of mine. We never miss.
T-Bird: That piece of ratshit made Tin-Tin into a fucking voodoo doll!
Skank: Tin-Tin's a dick.
T-Bird: Tin-Tin.
T-Bird, Skank: Fire it up! Fire it up! Fire it up! Fire it up!
Skank: Fire it up!
T-Bird: No Funboy.
Skank: Probably still banging away on Darla.
T-Bird: Smokes and road beers. Be quick.
Skank: I'm on it.
T-Bird: Who the fuck are you supposed to be, man?
Eric Draven: I'm your passenger.
Eric Draven: Drive.
Eric Draven: MURDERER!
Tin Tin: I didn't murder nobody man. I don't even fucking know you, man. What the fuck you want, man?
Eric Draven: I want you to tell me a story: A man and a woman in a loft a year ago.
Tin Tin: You're outta your fucking mind.
Eric Draven: LISTEN! I'm sure you'll remember. You killed them, on Halloween.
Tin Tin: Yeah, yeah, right, I've got- Halloween, yeah. Some dude, some bitch, whatever, ma...
Eric Draven: Her name was Shelly. You cut her, you raped her.
Tin Tin: Shelly, yeah, yeah. I shagged her pink ass and she LOVED it!
Top Dollar: I think we broke her.
Top Dollar: No, I want you to set a fire so goddamn big, the gods'll notice us again, that's what I'm sayin'. I want all of you boys to be able to look me straight in the eye one more time and say: ARE WE HAVING FUN OR WHAT? Hey, you! What's your name? Skank? You don't feel that?
Skank: I feel like a little worm on a big fuckin' hook.
Top Dollar: "I feel like a little worm on a big fucking hook." Well, boy, your mama must be damn proud of you!
Torres: I got a goddamned vigilante killer knocking off scumbags left and right. And you're covering up for somebody!
Torres: Okay, Gideon's blows all to hell and you're having a chitchat with some weirdo who winds up in T-Bird's car when it "zigs instead of zags". Then you steal one of my case files from homicide, and you're sayin' this is just a fuckin' automobile accident?
Skank: What's all this happy horseshit?
Grange: You burn yourself playing with matches?
Gideon: Fuck off.
Grange: You have an appointment.
Gideon: Well, shit on me.
Grange: Drink up.
Gideon: This is a first. Do I bow or do I curtsy?
Top Dollar: It's all been done before, you see what I'm sayin'?
Bad Ass Criminal: That's no reason to quit.
Top Dollar: Wrong. Best reason to quit. *Only* reason to quit.
Lead Cop: They got killed on devil's night, but they were gonna get married on Halloween? Who gets married on Halloween?
Albrecht: Nobody.
T-Bird: Somebody stuck his blades in all his major organs in alphabetical order.
Grange: So that, I take it, was the late, great Eric Draven.
Myca: He has power. But it is power you can take from him.
Top Dollar: I like him already.
Myca: The crow is his link between the land of the living, and the realm of the dead.
Grange: So, kill the crow... and destroy the man.
T-Bird: You know, Lake Erie actually caught on fire once from all the crap floating around in it. I wish I could've seen that.
Torres: What the hell do you call that?
Albrecht: I call it blood, detective. I suppose you'll write it up as "graffiti".
Albrecht: That's Tin-tin. One of T-Bird's little helpers. I think you can rule out accidental death.
Torres: Don't any of your street-demons have real grown-up names?
T-Bird: Department of Housing. Code violations, safety hazards... place looks fine to me. Let's redecorate.
Eric Draven: Gentlemen.
Top Dollar: So, your him, huh? The avenger. The killer of killers. Nice outfit. Not sure about the face, though.
Eric Draven: I just want him.
Top Dollar: Well, you can't have him.
Eric Draven: Well,
Eric Draven: I see you've made your decision. Now let's see you enforce it.
Top Dollar: Ah, this is already boring the shit out of me. KILL HIM!
Gideon: I got stabbed! I shot the son of a bitch! I watched the bullet hole close by itself. And then my business gets blown up real good. Other than that, my day sucked.     