
Gang Member #1: Whatcha doin', Mister?
Bill Foster: Nothing.
Gang Member #1: Yes, you are, you're trespassing on private property.
Bill Foster: Trespassing?
Gang Member #2: You're loitering too, man.
Gang Member #1: That's right, you're loitering too.
Bill Foster: I didn't see any signs.
Gang Member #1: Whatcha call that?
Bill Foster: Graffiti?
Gang Member #1: No, man. That's not fucking graffiti, that's a sign.
Gang Member #2: He can't read it, man.
Gang Member #1: I'll read it for you. It says this is fucking private property. No fucking trespassing. This means fucking you.
Bill Foster: It says all that?
Gang Member #1: Yeah!
Bill Foster: Well, maybe if you wrote it in fucking English, I could fucking understand it.
Bill Foster: See, this is what I'm talking about. Turn around, look at that.
Bill Foster: You see what I mean? It's plump, it's juicy, it's three inches thick. Now, look at this sorry, miserable, squashed thing. Can anybody tell me what's wrong with this picture?
Mr. Lee: Take the money.
Bill Foster: You think I'm a thief? Oh, you see, I'm not the thief. I'm not the one charging 85 cents FOR A STINKING SODA! You're the thief! I'm just standing up for my rights as a consumer.
Sergeant Prendergast: Now, let's go meet some nice policemen. They're good guys. Come on, let's go.
Bill Foster: I'm the bad guy?
Sergeant Prendergast: Yeah.
Bill Foster: How'd that happen? I did everything they told me to. Did you know I build missiles? I helped to protect America. You should be rewarded for that. Instead they give it to the plastic surgeons, y'know, they lied to me.
Sergeant Prendergast: Is that what this is about? You're angry because you got lied to? Is that why my chicken dinner is drying out in the oven? Hey, they lie to everyone. They lie to the fish. But that doesn't give you any special right to do what you did today. The only that makes you special is that little girl.
Frank (Golfer): Hey, you there! What are you doing there?
Bill Foster: Just passing through.
Frank (Golfer): Nobody said you could play through! Get off my hole!
Jim (Golfer): Frank, Frank, he said he was passing through. Passing through.
Frank (Golfer): He's not even a member, look at the way he's dressed, for Christ's sake! Would you get off my golf course?
Bill Foster: I am!
Frank (Golfer): Go back the way you came!
Jim (Golfer): Frank, Frank, listen, I don't like the looks of this guy. Leave him alone, will you?
Frank (Golfer): Listen, what am I paying my fucking dues for? This is my golf course! If I want to play here, I will play here, you understand? If he gets hit with my Titleist, that's his fucking problem!
Jim (Golfer): Don't yell at me, I'm just here playing with you.
Frank (Golfer): FORE!
Frank (Golfer): FORE!
Bill Foster: FINE! What the hell are you trying to do? Kill me with a golf ball? It's not enough you got all these beautiful acres fenced in for your little game, but you gotta kill me with a golf ball? You should have children playing here! You should have families having picnics, you should have a goddamn petting zoo! Instead you've got these stupid electric carts for you old men with nothing better to do!
Jim (Golfer): Frank? Frank? What's wrong, Frank? Frank? Frank, are you OK?
Bill Foster: Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Jim (Golfer): Oh my God! I gotta get some help!
Bill Foster: What's wrong with you?
Frank (Golfer): Heart...
Bill Foster: Your heart? Something's wrong with your heart? Well, what can I do?
Frank (Golfer): Pills... pills...
Bill Foster: Pills? Where are your pills?
Bill Foster: Well, I guess you're out of luck, aren't you? Your little cart's going to drown. Now aren't you sorry you didn't let me pass through your golf course?
Frank (Golfer): My... golf... course...
Bill Foster: Yeah. And now you're going to die, wearing that stupid little hat. How does it feel?
Bill Foster: And you, ma'am? How's the food?
Bill Foster: I think we have a critic.
Bill Foster: I don't think she likes the special sauce, Rick. That's a joke.
Nick: We're the same, you and me. We're the same, don't you see?
Bill Foster: We are not the same. I'm an American, you're a sick asshole.
Annoying Man at Phone Booth: Excuse me... Hey, EXCUSE ME. I don't know if you have noticed it or not, but there are other people waiting to use the phone here.
Bill Foster: There are?
Annoying Man at Phone Booth: Yeah.
Bill Foster: There's other people who want to use the phone?
Annoying Man at Phone Booth: That's right, you selfish asshole.
Bill Foster: Well, that's too bad. Because you know what?
Bill Foster: I think it's out of order.
Nick, Surplus Store Owner: Let's see what we got. These here are the top of the line. Scientifically engineered and all that crap. Guaranteed by some Sierra Club asshole not to hurt a chipmunk IF you step on it! Personally, I think they're for pussies and
Nick, Surplus Store Owner: FAGGOTS! Now THESE are Vietnam jungle boots. Cost you half as much, last you twice as long, and are great for stomping
Nick, Surplus Store Owner: QUEERS! 'Course when you're done you have to clean out the waffle with a stick, but what the hell, you can't have everything, right? Am I right or wrong?
Nick: Fuck you! Who the fuck are you? Are you fucking with me?
Bill Foster: I AM JUST DISAGREEING WITH YOU! In America, we have the freedom of speech! The right to disagree!
Nick: Fuck you and your freedom!
Bill Foster: I've passed the point of no return. Do you know what that is, Beth? That's the point in a journey where it's longer to go back to the beginning. It's like when those astronauts got in trouble. I don't know, somebody messed up, and they had to get them back to Earth. But they had passed the point of no return. They were on the other side of the moon and were out of contact for like hours. Everybody waited to see if a bunch of dead guys in a can would pop out the other side. Well, that's me. I'm on the other side of the moon now and everybody is going to have to wait until I pop out.
Beth: The police are here.
Bill Foster: Did you know, Beth, that in some South American countries it's still legal to kill your wife if she insults you?
Bill Foster: Why am I calling you by your first names? I don't even know who you are. I still call my boss "Mister", I worked for him for seven and a half years but I walk in here, all of a sudden, total stranger, I'm calling you Rick and Sheila like we're in some kind of AA meeting. I don't want to be your buddy, Rick. I just want a little breakfast.
Sheila: Well, you can call me Miss Folsom if you want to.
Captain Yardley: I never liked you. You know why? You don't curse. I don't trust a man who doesn't curse. Not a "fuck" or a "shit" in all these years. Real men curse.
Bill Foster: You're Korean? Do you have any idea how much money my country has given your country?
Mr. Lee: How much?
Bill Foster: I don't know. But it's got to be a lot, you can bet on that.
Captain Yardley: Damn fine work, Prendergast.
Sergeant Prendergast: Fuck you, Captain Yardley. Fuck you very much.
Bill Foster: I'm going home! CLEAR A PATH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER! CLEAR A PATH! I'M GOING HOME!
Nick: Give me your other hand.
Bill Foster: I can't.
Nick: Why not?
Bill Foster: Gravity.
Nick: Gravity? What the fuck does that mean?
Bill Foster: I'll fall down.
Retirement Party Cop 1: What's the matter, Prendergast, you afraid of women, too?
Retirement Party Cop 2: Yeah, have you seen his wife?
Sergeant Prendergast: What did you say?
Det. Jones: Prendergast, we don't have time for this.
Sergeant Prendergast: You're right!
Bill Foster: You missed.
Bill Foster: I missed too.
Bill Foster: There. You see? That's the concept. Take some shooting lessons, asshole.
Bill Foster: I would've gotcha.
Bill Foster: I lost my job. Well, actually I didn't lose it, it lost me. I am over-educated, under-skilled. Maybe it's the other way around, I forget. But I'm obsolete. I'm not economically viable.
Detective: We're really sorry, Prendergast. We tried and tried but could not fit your fucking name on the cake!
Bill Foster: You have a choice. I can kill you. Or you can kill me, and my daughter will get the insurance.
Sergeant Prendergast: Get a positive ID on the gym bag.
Captain Yardley: Prendergast, what do you think this is?
Sergeant Prendergast: A gym bag.
Captain Yardley: Does this mean you're putting me under arrest?
Bill Foster: Hey. Why are you putting barbed wire on that fence? Is this how you rich people amuse yourselves? You put barbed wire on the fence so innocent people like me can hurt themselves looking in?
Adele Foster-Travino: What's your name?
Sergeant Prendergast: My name is mud.
Adele Foster-Travino: Nuh-uh!
Sergeant Prendergast: Yes it is.
Adele Foster-Travino: Your name is not mud!
Sergeant Prendergast: Well, it will be. Once my wife finds out that I'm still a cop.
Mr. Lee: You go now. No trouble.
Bill Foster: No. I stay. What do you think of that?
Sergeant Prendergast: What did this guy look like?
Angie: I don't know, he looked like you except he was taller and he had hair.
Det. Jones: Good description, Angie.
Nick: What is this doing in there? Faggot shit!
Bill Foster: NOOOOO!
Bill Foster: Listen fellas, I've had a really rare morning.
Captain Yardley: Lot of good cops want to drop the whole kit and caboodle. And who wouldn't? The pay stinks and your up to your ears in human scum sixteen hours a day.
Nick, Surplus Store Owner: This isn't one of mine.
Construction Worker: Where do you think you're going? You can't come this way.
Bill Foster: What are you doing to the street?
Construction Worker: We're fixing it! What the hell does it look like?
Bill Foster: Two days ago, it was fine. You're telling me the street fell apart in two days?
Construction Worker: Well, I guess so.
Bill Foster: Pardon me, but that's bullshit. I want to know what's wrong with the street. See, I don't think anything's wrong with the street. I think you're just trying to justify your inflated budgets.
Construction Worker: What are you, nuts?
Bill Foster: No, I know how it works. If you don't spend the money you have projected this year, they won't give you the same amount next year. Now I want you to admit there's nothing wrong with the street!
Construction Worker: Fuck you, pal! Hah?
Bill Foster: You're not going to hold us hostage here with these yellow lights and all these big trucks.
Construction Worker: Look, I'm just here to keep people from falling in, that's all.
Bill Foster: I want to hear it from you. What's wrong with the street?
Construction Worker: I don't know, I really don't know. I mean, I think it's a sewer job.
Bill Foster: You're lying. What's wrong with the street?
Construction Worker: Nothing.
Bill Foster: I knew it. See, I knew it was fine. But I'll give you something to fix.
Bill Foster: Here!
Not Economically Viable Man: Don't forget me.
Nick: Tell me something, why don't they call you guys officer-esses?
Sandra: I beg your pardon?
Nick: You know, like, uh... "actress". Like that?
Sandra: Oh.
Nick: Something to signify, uh... you know.
Sandra: I guess they feel that a police officer is a police officer. Not a, uh... you know.
Nick: Ahhh.
Sandra: Thanks for your cooperation, sir.
Nick: Sorry I couldn't be of more help, officer... ess!
Bill Foster: This is a gangland thing, isn't it? We're having a, uh, a territorial dispute, hm? I mean, um, I've wandered into your pissing ground or whatever the damn thing is and you've taken offence at my presence and I can understand that. I mean, I wouldn't want you people in my back yard either.
Nick, Surplus Store Owner: FUCKING FAGGOTS! YOU BELIEVE THIS SHIT? Jesus! Alternate lifestyle, my ass! Imagine what those pumpkins do with each other when they're alone! And what about the muff divers? Think about it!
Nick: You want freedom? I'll give you fucking freedom.
Nick: You're going to jail, faggot. How's that for freedom? Freedom to get fucked up the ass by some big buck nigger. Give me your other hand! He's gonna be right behind you. Just like this. You're gonna like that, won't you, you faggot fuck? Think about it.
Car Driver: Hey you dumb bitch you cut me off! What's the matter with you? Move up or move back! Get out of the way! What the hell are you, a moron? Come on! If I wanna be in a parking lot, I'll buy a ticket ya dumb goddamn bitch!
Nick: Think about it.
Guy on Freeway: Hey! Where do you think you're going?
Bill Foster: I'm going home.
Sergeant Prendergast: Lucky you caught me.
Motorcycle Cop: I am?
Sergeant Prendergast: Yeah. Today's my last day as a cop.
Motorcycle Cop: Lucky me.
Bill Foster: What is this, the last stand on Fiji?
Bill Foster: I'm rolling back prices to 1965. What do you think of that? Donuts, package of 6, how much?
Mr. Lee: Dollar, 12.
Mr. Lee: No!
Bill Foster: Too much. Aspirin. Price?
Mr. Lee: 3.40.
Bill Foster: Oh, please...
Bill Foster: Double A batteries, package of 4.
Mr. Lee: Fi... FOUR 29.
Bill Foster: Nice try. I think this whole shelf looks suspect.
Bill Foster: One soda. 12 ounces.
Mr. Lee: 50 cent.
Bill Foster: Sold.
Bill Foster: It's been a pleasure frequenting your establishment.
Rick (Whammyburger): We stop serving breakfast at 11:30.
Bill Foster: Rick, have you ever heard the expression "The customer is always right"?
Rick (Whammyburger): Yeah.
Bill Foster: Yeah, well, here I am, the customer.
Rick (Whammyburger): That's not our policy. You have to order something from the lunch menu.
Nick: What kind of vigilante are you?
Bill Foster: I am not a vigilante. I am just trying to get home to my little girl's birthday and if everybody'll stay out of my way, then nobody'll get hurt.
Mr. Lee: Drink, eighty fi' cent. You pay or go!
Bill Foster: What's a "fi'"? I don't understand a "fi'". There's a v in the word, it's "fi-ve". You don't got v's in China?
Mr. Lee: Not Chinese. I'm Korean.
Bill Foster: Ah, whatever, you come to my country, you take my money, you don't even have the grace to learn how to speak my language?
Sergeant Prendergast: Hey, Mr. Lee! D-FENS!
Nick: You know what was in this? Zyklon-B. You remember? What the Nazis had? Listen.
Nick: Empty. This was used, man. This was actually used. I wonder how many kikes this little can took out. Huh? Think about it!
Motorcycle Cop Bobbit: Gentlemen, I'm going to have to ask you to both return to your vehicles.
Car Driver: But what about the car?
Motorcycle Cop Bobbit: I'm going to radio for a tow truck to have it removed.
Sergeant Prendergast: Let's just shove it out of the way, we'll get this lane moving!
Motorcycle Cop Bobbit: Sir, sir, we're in a dangerous environment here. We've got a lot of glass and steel rushing by us at high speeds.
Seedy Guy in Park: Hello, sir, how are you today?
Bill Foster: I'm doing alright. How about you?
Seedy Guy in Park: Me, I'm terrible.
Bill Foster: Sorry to hear that.
Seedy Guy in Park: Yeah, I came down from Santa Barbara yesterday and this friend of mine wasn't home like I thought he was gonna be and he owes me some money so I thought I would have some money to get back home with. I'm almost out of gas, I had to sleep in my car last night. I don't suppose you have a couple of bucks you could give me? It would really help me out. If you give me your address, I'll mail it back, honest.
Bill Foster: Let me see your driver's license.
Seedy Guy in Park: What do you wanna see my driver's license for?
Bill Foster: Look, you're from Santa Barbara, it'll have your address on it, won't it?
Seedy Guy in Park: I don't have a driver's license.
Bill Foster: You drove all the way from Santa Barbara without a license?
Seedy Guy in Park: Are you a cop?
Bill Foster: Let's see your car registration. Matter of fact, let's see your car.
Seedy Guy in Park: All right! Forget it! OK, just forget it! That's a hell of a way to treat a vet, man.
Bill Foster: You're an animal doctor?
Seedy Guy in Park: No, a vet, a veteran. I was in 'Nam, man.
Bill Foster: What were you, a drummer boy? You must've been 10 years old!
Seedy Guy in Park: I meant the Gulf, I meant to say the Gulf. Jesus! Come on, all I'm asking for is a little change, I haven't eaten in 3 days.
Seedy Guy in Park: Well, I mean, except for this. Oh, fuck it! Come on, give me money, man! Just give me some money!
Bill Foster: No.
Seedy Guy in Park: How about the change in your pocket? I don't care if it's a dime, give it to me.
Bill Foster: I'm not giving you any money.
Seedy Guy in Park: You got a cigarette?
Bill Foster: I don't smoke.
Seedy Guy in Park: Oh, come on, man, you gotta give me something.
Bill Foster: Why don't you try to get a job?
Seedy Guy in Park: Hey, this is my park, I live here! Who the fuck are you, walking through my park, carrying two bags? You got two bags, I don't got any, is that fair? What's in those bags anyway, huh? Give me one of those bags. I could sell those bags and eat for a week with the money. Come on, you got two of them, what do you need two of them for?
Bill Foster: You're right. Here.
Seedy Guy in Park: Are you serious?
Bill Foster: I don't need it anymore.
Seedy Guy in Park: All right!
Seedy Guy in Park: Son of a bitch!
Sergeant Prendergast: She'd got it into her head that I'd been killed, so when I got home she thought I was a ghost and I had to chase her around the house!
Sergeant Prendergast: And I want you to leave the skin on the chicken!
D-Fens' Mother: That stripe isn't painted on, it's in the glass.
Bill Foster: I'm going home.
Sergeant Prendergast: What were you going to do?
Bill Foster: I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do.
Sergeant Prendergast: Oh, guys like you always say you don't know what you're going to do until you do it. I think you know exactly what you were going to do, you would've killed your wife and child.
Bill Foster: No.
Sergeant Prendergast: Yeah. And then you knew it would be too late to turn back, it would be real easy to turn the gun around on yourself.
Bill Foster: You want to draw?
Sergeant Prendergast: Let's not. Let's call it a day.
Bill Foster: Oh, come on. It's perfect. Showdown between the sheriff and the bad guy. It's beautiful.
Gang Member #1: Motherfucker, give us your motherfucking briefcase!
Sergeant Prendergast: What did he say, Brian?
Detective Brian: You know, I don't know. Mr. Lee is Korean.
Detective Brian: I happen to be Japanese, in case you never bothered to notice.
Sergeant Prendergast: How am I supposed to get a pen out of here?
Detective Keene: You don't need a pen. Just use one of them cat turds.
Sergeant Prendergast: Something about my wife. Maybe I never mentioned it.
Sandra: What?
Sergeant Prendergast: I love her.
Bill Foster: Plastic surgery bought all this? Guess I'm in the wrong racket.
D-Fens' Mother: Sometimes he sits through an entire meal without saying a word. He just shovels food into his mouth like a machine. I get so nervous... I can't swallow. I'll sit there with the same piece of food in my mouth. I have to spit it out. When I do, he looks at me... like he'd like to kill me. Don't tell him I said that.     