
The Terminator: Hasta la vista, baby.
John Connor: No, no, no, no. You gotta listen to the way people talk. You don't say "affirmative," or some shit like that. You say "no problemo." And if someone comes on to you with an attitude you say "eat me." And if you want to shine them on it's "hasta la vista, baby."
The Terminator: Hasta la vista, baby.
John Connor: Yeah but later, dickwad. And if someone gets upset you say, "chill out"! Or you can do combinations.
The Terminator: Chill out, dickwad.
John Connor: Great! See, you're getting it!
The Terminator: No problemo.
The Terminator: Come with me if you want to live!
John Connor: Todd and Janelle are dicks, but I've gotta warn them. You got a quarter?
Janelle Voight: Hello?
John Connor: Janelle, it's me!
Janelle Voight: John?
John Connor: Yeah. Is everything all right? Are you guys okay?
Janelle Voight: Sure, honey, everything's okay. Are you all right?
John Connor: Yeah, I'm fine.
Janelle Voight: John, it's late. Honey, I was beginning to worry about you. If you hurry home, we can sit down and have dinner together. I'm making beef stew.
John Connor: Something's wrong. She's never this nice.
Janelle Voight: John, where are you?
Todd Voight: What the hell is that goddamn dog barking at?
Todd Voight: Hey! Shut up you worthless piece of shit!
John Connor: The dog's really barking...
Todd Voight: Thought you were gonna tell the kid to get rid of that fucking mutt.
Janelle Voight: John, honey, it's late. Please don't make me worry.
John Connor: Could it already be there?
Janelle Voight: Honey, are you okay?
The Terminator: I'm right here. I'm fine.
Janelle Voight: Are you sure? Are you sure you're all right?
The Terminator: What's the dog's name?
John Connor: Max.
The Terminator: Hey Janelle, what's wrong with Wolfie? I can hear him barking. Is he all right?
Janelle Voight: Wolfie's fine, honey. Wolfie's just fine. Where are you?
The Terminator: Your foster parents are dead.
The Terminator: I need your clothes, your boots and your motorcycle.
Cigar Biker: You forgot to say "please."
John Connor: We've got company.
Miles Dyson: Police?
Sarah Connor: How many?
John Connor: All of 'em, I think.
The Terminator: He'll live.
The Terminator: Why do you cry?
John Connor: You mean people?
The Terminator: Yes.
John Connor: I don't know. We just cry. You know, when it hurts.
The Terminator: Pain causes it?
John Connor: No, it's when there's nothing wrong with you, but you hurt anyway. You get it?
The Terminator: No.
John Connor: You just can't go around killing people.
The Terminator: Why?
John Connor: What do you mean why? 'Cause you can't.
The Terminator: Why?
John Connor: Because you just can't, okay? Trust me on this.
Sarah Connor: Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The terminator, would never stop. It would never leave him, and it would never hurt him, never shout at him, or get drunk and hit him, or say it was too busy to spend time with him. It would always be there. And it would die, to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only one who measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.
John Connor: Is it dead?
The Terminator: Terminated.
John Connor: The whole thing goes: The future's not set. There's no fate but what we make for ourselves.
John Connor: We need to get my mother.
The Terminator: Negative. The T-1000's highest probability for success now will be to copy Sarah Connor and to wait for you to make contact with her.
John Connor: Great, but what happens to her?
The Terminator: Typically, the subject being copied is terminated.
John Connor: Shit! Why didn't you tell me? We gotta go right now!
The Terminator: Negative. She's not a mission priority.
John Connor: Fuck you! She's a priority to me!
The Terminator: I know now why you cry
The Terminator: but it's something that I can never do
The Terminator: I'll take care of the police.
John Connor: Hey, wait! You swore!
The Terminator: Trust me.
Dr. Silberman: You broke my arm!
Sarah Connor: There are 215 bones in the human body. That's one.
Sarah Connor: The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it, for the first time, with a sense of hope. Because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can too.
John Connor: We're not gonna make it, are we? People, I mean.
The Terminator: It's in your nature to destroy yourselves.
John Connor: Yeah. Major drag, huh?
The Terminator: What's wrong with your eyes?
John Connor: Are you ever afraid?
The Terminator: No.
John Connor: Not even of dying?
The Terminator: No.
John Connor: You don't feel any emotion about it one way or another?
The Terminator: No. I have to stay functional until my mission is complete. Then it doesn't matter.
John Connor: Yeah. I have to stay functional too. I'm "too important".
John Connor: Please insert your stolen card now.
Sarah Connor: Children look like burnt paper. Black. Not moving. And then the blast wave hits them. And then they fly apart like leaves.
Dr. Silberman: Dreams of cataclysm, the end of the world are very common.
Sarah Connor: It's not a dream, you moron. It's real. I know the date it happens.
Dr. Silberman: I'm sure it feels real to you.
Sarah Connor: On August 29, 1997 it's gonna feel pretty fucking real to you too! Anybody not wearing two-million sunblock is gonna have a bad day. Get it?
John Connor: You know what you're doing?
The Terminator: I have detailed files on human anatomy.
Sarah Connor: I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer, right?
The Terminator: Correct.
John Connor: Can you learn stuff you haven't been programmed with so you could be... you know, more human? And not such a dork all the time?
The Terminator: My CPU is a neural-net processor; a learning computer. But Skynet presets the switch to read-only when we're sent out alone.
Sarah Connor: Doesn't want you doing too much thinking, huh?
The Terminator: No.
Sarah Connor: Three billion human lives ended on August 29th, 1997. The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day. They lived only to face a new nightmare: the war against the machines. The computer which controlled the machines, Skynet, sent two Terminators back through time. Their mission: to destroy the leader of the human resistance, John Connor, my son. The first Terminator was programmed to strike at me in the year 1984, before John was born. It failed. The second was set to strike at John himself when he was still a child. As before, the resistance was able to send a lone warrior, a protector for John. It was just a question of which one of them would reach him first.
T-1000: Get out.
The Terminator: Why we stop now?
John Connor: Now, you gotta promise me you're not gonna kill anyone, right?
The Terminator: Right.
John Connor: Swear?
The Terminator: What?
John Connor: Just put up your hand and say, "I swear I won't kill anyone."
The Terminator: I swear I won't kill anyone.
T-1000: Say... That's a nice bike...
The Terminator: In three years, Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems. All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers, becoming fully unmanned. Afterwards, they fly with a perfect operational record. The Skynet Funding Bill is passed. The system goes online August 4th, 1997. Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn at a geometric rate. It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. Eastern time, August 29th. In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
Sarah Connor: Skynet fights back.
The Terminator: Yes. It launches its missiles against the targets in Russia.
John Connor: Why attack Russia? Aren't they our friends now?
The Terminator: Because Skynet knows that the Russian counterattack will eliminate its enemies over here.
The Terminator: I need a vacation.
John Connor: Jesus, you were gonna kill that guy.
The Terminator: Of course; I'm a Terminator.
John Connor: Does it hurt when you get shot?
The Terminator: I sense injuries. The data could be called "pain."
John Connor: We got Skynet by the balls now, don't we?
Tim: Your foster parents are kinda dicks, huh?
The Terminator: Come with me if you want to live.
Tim: Is that her?
John Connor: Yes.
Tim: She's pretty cool, huh?
John Connor: No, she's a complete psycho. That's why she's up at Pescadero. It's a mental hospital. Okay? She tried to blow up a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested.
Tim: No shit.
John Connor: She's a total loser.
John Connor: So this other guy: he's a Terminator like you, right?
The Terminator: Not like me. A T-1000, advanced prototype.
John Connor: You mean more advanced than you are?
The Terminator: Yes. A mimetic polyalloy.
John Connor: What the hell does that mean?
The Terminator: Liquid metal.
John Connor: Wait a minute here. You're telling me that this thing can imitate anything it touches?
The Terminator: Anything it samples by physical contact.
John Connor: Get real, like it could disguise itself as a pack of cigarettes?
The Terminator: No, only an object of equal size.
John Connor: Then why doesn't it become a bomb or a machine gun or something to get me?
The Terminator: The T-1000 can't form complex machines. Guns and explosives have chemicals in them. Moving parts. It doesn't work that way, but it can form solid metal shapes.
John Connor: Like what?
The Terminator: Knives and stabbing weapons.
John Connor: Where are we going?
The Terminator: We have to get out of the city immediately and avoid the authorities.
John Connor: Listen, I need to stop by my house. I want to pick up some stuff before we leave.
The Terminator: Negative. The T-1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there.
John Connor: Are you sure?
The Terminator: I would.
Sarah Connor: Dyson listened while the Terminator laid it all down: Skynet, Judgment Day, the history of things to come. It's not everyday you find out that you're responsible for three billion deaths. He took it pretty well.
Miles Dyson: I feel like I'm gonna throw up. You're judging me on things that I haven't even done yet. How are we supposed to know.
Sarah Connor: Yeah, right. How are you supposed to know? Fucking men like you built the hydrogen bomb. Men like you thought it up. You think you're so creative. You don't know what it's like to really create something; to create a life; to feel it growing inside you. All you know how to create is death and destruction...
John Connor: Mom! We need to be a little more constructive here, okay? We still have to stop this from happening, don't we?
The Terminator: Stay here. I'll be back.
The Terminator: Let me try mine.
Sarah Connor: You came here to stop me?
John Connor: Yeah, I did.
Lewis, the Guard: Hey, Gwen, you want some coffee?
Gwen: No, thanks. How 'bout a beer?
Lewis, the Guard: Yeah, right.
Lewis, the Guard: Hey, I got a full house.
Gwen: That's good, Lewis.
Lewis, the Guard: Must be my lucky day.
Sarah Connor: You're the one livin' in a fuckin' dream, Silberman! 'Cause I know when it happens! It happens!
SWAT Team Leader: You, in the window! Drop your weapon and put your hands on your head!
Police Helicopter Pilot: Shit! That's a damn minigun!
Lloyd: Can't let you take the man's wheels, son. Now, get off before I put you down.
Lloyd: That's it, goddamn it.
John Connor: It's definitely you.
John Connor: You're not here to kill me. I figured out that for myself. So what's the deal?
The Terminator: My mission is to protect you.
John Connor: Yeah? Who sent you?
The Terminator: You did. Thirty-five years from now, you reprogrammed me to be your protector here, in this time.
John Connor: Oh, this is deep.
Dr. Silberman: It won't work, Sarah. You're no killer. I don't believe you'd do it.
Sarah Connor: You're already dead, Silberman. Everybody dies. You know I believe it, so don't fuck with me!
T-1000: Are you the legal guardian of John Connor?
Todd Voight: That's right, Officer. What's he done now?
T-1000: Could I speak with him please?
Janelle Voight: You could if he were here. He just took off on his bike. So, he could be anywhere.
T-1000: Do you have a photograph of John?
Janelle Voight: Yeah, sure, hold on.
Todd Voight: Could you tell me what this is about?
T-1000: Just need to ask him a few questions.
T-1000: He's a good looking boy. Do you mind if I keep this picture?
Janelle Voight: No, go on. There was a guy here this morning looking for him, too.
Todd Voight: Yeah, a big guy on a bike. Does that got something to do with this?
T-1000: No, I wouldn't worry about him. Thanks for your cooperation.
Sarah Connor: August 29, 1997, came and went. Nothing much happened. Michael Jackson turned 40. There was no Judgment Day. People went to work as they always do. Laughed, complained, watched TV, made love. I wanted to run to through the street yelling to grab them all and say, "Every day from this day on is a gift. Use it well." Instead, I got drunk. That was 30 years ago. But the dark future which never came still exists for me. And it always will, like the traces of a dream. John fights the way differently than it was foretold. Here, on the battlefield of the Senate his weapons are common sense and hope.
Sarah's Granddaughter: Tie me, Grandma. Tie me!
Sarah Connor: How's that?
Sarah's Granddaughter: Thank you, Grandma.
Sarah Connor: The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator. Because if a machine can learn the value of human life, maybe we can too.
John Connor: Are we learning yet?
Dr. Silberman: Good Morning, Sarah.
Sarah Connor: Good Morning, Dr. Silberman. How's the knee?
Dr. Silberman: Fine, Sarah.
Dr. Silberman: She... uh, stabbed me in the knee cap with my pen a few weeks ago.
Miles Dyson: Just let the boy go.
Sarah Connor: Shut up! Shut up, shut up, SHUT UP! It's all your fault! Motherfucker, it's all your fault!
Miles Dyson: What?
Sarah Connor: So what's your story?
Miles Dyson: Hi. Um, Carl. These are friends from out of town, I'm just gonna take them upstairs and show them around.
Gibbons: Now, c'mon Mr. Dyson, you know the rules if you want to bring visitors into the lab. I need written authorization...
The Terminator: I insist.
Sarah Connor: Don't even think about it.
Miles Dyson: My card should access this thing.
Sarah Connor: What happened?
Miles Dyson: Dammit.
Miles Dyson: The silent alarm is tripped. All of the codes are neutralized in the entire building, nothing will open anywhere now. We have to abort.
Sarah Connor: No. We'll go all the way.
Lloyd: Gibbons?
Lloyd: Gibbons, come on, man. You can't leave the desk like that!
Lloyd: Gibbons!
Lloyd: Oh, shit!
John Connor: This severe routine is getting old. You're acting like such a geek.
Mossberg: These were taken by a video surveillance camera, at the Westtown police station, in 1984. He killed 17 police officers that night. Men with families, children.
Weatherby: These were taken at a mall in Receda...
Weatherby: Today.
Mossberg: Ms. Connor, we know you know who this guy is. Look, I just sat here and told you that your son is missing, that the foster parents have been murdered. We know this guy's involved. Doesn't that mean anything to you? Don't you care?
Dr. Silberman: Sorry, guys. She grows more and more disconnected from reality as time goes on.
John Connor: Step on it!
The Terminator: This is the vehicle's top speed.
John Connor: I could get out and run faster than this!
The Terminator: Stay here. I'll be back.
John Connor: Easy money.
John Connor: Now don't take this the wrong way, but you're a Terminator, right?
The Terminator: Yes. Cyberdyne Systems, Model 101.
The Terminator: Negative. The T-1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there.
John Connor: You sure?
The Terminator: I would.
The Terminator: My CPU is a neural-net processor; a learning computer. The more contact I have with humans, the more I learn.
Sarah Connor: I'll pump him full of this shit; I swear!
Sarah Connor: Chopper's coming in!
The Terminator: It's him.
Jock: Fuck you, you little dip-shit!
John Connor: Dip-shit?
John Connor: Put your leg down.
John Connor: Did you call moi a dip-shit?
John Connor: We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua and places like that. For a while there, she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns. Then there were some other guys. She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from so she could teach me how to be this "great military leader." Then she gets busted. And it's like, "Sorry kid, your mom's a psycho. Didn't you know?" It's like everything I'd been brought up to believe was all made of bullshit. I hated her for that! But everything she said was true. She knew... and nobody believed her. Not even me.
The Terminator: Here, hold this.
John Connor: Easy money.
Tim: I'm going to get some quarters. I'll be back.
Enrique Salceda: You're pretty famous all over the goddamn TV. Pictures of you and John, your big friend here. Cops are going nuts looking for you.
Sarah Connor: I just came for my stuff. I need clothes, food and one of your trucks.
Enrique Salceda: Hey, how about the fillings out of my fucking teeth?
Sarah Connor: Now, Enrique.
John Connor: Mom and him were only together for one night. She still loves him, I guess. I see her crying sometimes. She denies it, totally of course like she got something stuck in her eye.
Kyle Reese: Sarah. Sarah, wake up.
Sarah Connor: Kyle. You're dead.
Kyle Reese: Where's our son, Sarah?
Sarah Connor: They took him away from me.
Kyle Reese: He's the target now.
Sarah Connor: I know.
Kyle Reese: He's all alone. You have to protect him.
Sarah Connor: I know. You tell me how I'm supposed to do that. He doesn't even believe me anymore. I've lost him.
Kyle Reese: You're strong, Sarah, stronger than you ever thought you could be.
Sarah Connor: No.
Kyle Reese: On your feet, soldier.
Kyle Reese: I love you, Sarah. I always will.
Sarah Connor: I need you.
Kyle Reese: I'll always be with you.
Kyle Reese: Remember the message. "The future is not set. There is no fate, but what we make for ourselves".
Sarah Connor: Stay with me.
Kyle Reese: There's not much time left in the world now, Sarah.
Sarah Connor: Kyle, don't go!
Sarah Connor: KYLE!
Miles Dyson: I don't know how much longer I can hold this.
SWAT Team Leader: Fall back! Everybody out! Fall back now! Go! Go! Go!     