
Jenny Curran: Do you ever dream, Forrest, about who you're gonna be?
Forrest Gump: Who I'm gonna be?
Jenny Curran: Yeah.
Forrest Gump: Aren't-aren't I going to be me?
Forrest Gump: You died on a Saturday morning. And I had you placed here under our tree. And I had that house of your father's bulldozed to the ground. Momma always said dyin' was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn't. Little Forrest, he's doing just fine. About to start school again soon. I make his breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day. I make sure he combs his hair and brushes his teeth every day. Teaching him how to play ping-pong. He's really good. We fish a lot. And every night, we read a book. He's so smart, Jenny. You'd be so proud of him. I am. He, uh, wrote a letter, and he says I can't read it. I'm not supposed to, so I'll just leave it here for you. Jenny, I don't know if Momma was right or if, if it's Lieutenant Dan. I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating around accidental-like on a breeze, but I, I think maybe it's both. Maybe both is happening at the same time. I miss you, Jenny. If there's anything you need, I won't be far away.
Forrest Gump: Stupid is as stupid does.
Jenny Curran: His name's Forrest.
Forrest Gump: Like me.
Jenny Curran: I named him after his daddy.
Forrest Gump: He got a daddy named Forrest, too?
Jenny Curran: You're his daddy, Forrest.
Jenny Curran: Were you scared in Vietnam?
Forrest Gump: Yes. Well, I-I don't know. Sometimes it would stop raining long enough for the stars to come out... and then it was nice. It was like just before the sun goes to bed down on the bayou. There was always a million sparkles on the water... like that mountain lake. It was so clear, Jenny, it looked like there were two skies one on top of the other. And then in the desert, when the sun comes up, I couldn't tell where heaven stopped and the earth began. It's so beautiful.
Jenny Curran: I wish I could've been there with you.
Forrest Gump: You were.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Have you found Jesus yet, Gump?
Forrest Gump: I didn't know I was supposed to be looking for him, sir.
Drill Sergeant: Gump! What's your sole purpose in this army?
Forrest Gump: To do whatever you tell me, drill sergeant!
Drill Sergeant: God damn it, Gump! You're a god damn genius! This is the most outstanding answer I have ever heard. You must have a goddamn I.Q. of 160. You are goddamn gifted, Private Gump. Listen up, people...
Forrest Gump: Now for some reason I fit in the army like one of them round pegs. It's not really hard. You just make your bed real neat and remember to stand up straight and always answer every question with "Yes, drill sergeant."
Drill Sergeant: ...Is that clear?
Forrest Gump: Yes, drill sergeant!
Forrest Gump: My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
Forrest Gump: If I'd a known that was the last time I was gonna talk to Bubba, I would've thought of something better to say.
Forrest Gump: Hi Bubba.
Bubba: Hey Forrest.
Jenny Curran: Run, Forrest! Run!
Forrest Gump: Will you marry me?
Forrest Gump: I'd make a good husband, Jenny.
Jenny Curran: You would, Forrest.
Forrest Gump: ...But you won't marry me.
Jenny Curran: ... You don't wanna marry me.
Forrest Gump: Why don't you love me, Jenny?
Forrest Gump: I'm not a smart man... but I know what love is.
Bubba: Anyway, like I was sayin', shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. Dey's uh, shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. There's pineapple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich. That- that's about it.
Dorothy Harris: Are you coming along?
Young Forrest Gump: Mama said not to be taking rides from strangers.
Dorothy Harris: This is the bus to school.
Young Forrest Gump: I'm Forrest, Forrest Gump.
Dorothy Harris: I'm Dorothy Harris.
Young Forrest Gump: Well, now we ain't strangers anymore.
Forrest Gump: In the land of China, people hardly got nothing at all.
John Lennon: No possessions?
Forrest Gump: And in China they never go to church.
John Lennon: No religion too?
Dick Cavett: Ah. Hard to imagine.
John Lennon: Well it's easy if you try, Dick.
Forrest Gump: My Mama always said you've got to put the past behind you before you can move on.
Forrest Gump: I had run for 3 years, 2 months, 14 days, and 16 hours.
Young Man Running: Quiet, quiet! He's gonna say something!
Forrest Gump: I'm pretty tired... I think I'll go home now.
Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan, what are you doing here?
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: I'm here to try out my sea legs.
Forrest Gump: But you ain't got no legs, Lieutenant Dan.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Yes... yes, I know that. You wrote me a letter, you idiot!
Forrest Gump: DONE, DRILL SERGEANT!
Drill Sergeant: GUUUUUUMP! Why did you put that weapon together so quickly, Gump?
Forrest Gump: You told me to, Drill Sergeant?
Drill Sergeant: Jesus H. Christ!
Drill Sergeant: This is a new company record! If it wouldn't be such a waste of a damn-fine enlisted man I'd recommend you for OCS! You are gonna be a general someday, Gump, now disassemble your weapon and continue!
Forrest Gump: Mama always said, dying was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn't.
Young Jenny Curran: Dear God, make me a bird. So I could fly far. Far far away from here.
Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan got me invested in some kind of fruit company. So then I got a call from him, saying we don't have to worry about money no more. And I said, that's good! One less thing.
Jenny Curran: Why are you so good to me?
Forrest Gump: You're my girl!
Jenny Curran: I'll always be your girl.
Forrest Gump: Hello. My name's Forrest, Forrest Gump. You want a chocolate?
Jenny Curran: Have you ever been with a girl, Forrest?
Forrest Gump: I sit next to them in my Home Economics class all the time.
Forrest Gump: That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama. And that's what I did. I ran clear across Alabama. For no particular reason I just kept on going. I ran clear to the ocean. And when I got there, I figured, since I'd gone this far, I might as well turn around, just keep on going. When I got to another ocean, I figured, since I'd gone this far, I might as well just turn back, keep right on going.
Bumper Sticker Guy: Hey man! Hey listen, I was wondering if you might help me. 'Cause I'm in the bumper sticker business and I've been trying to think of a good slogan, and since you've been such a big inspiration to the people around here I thought you might be able to help me jump into - WOAH! Man, you just ran through a big pile of dog shit!
Forrest Gump: It happens.
Bumper Sticker guy: What, shit?
Forrest Gump: Sometimes.
Forrest Gump: Mama always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them.
Forrest Gump: Forrest: Momma said there's only so much fortune a man really needs and the rest is just for showing off. So, I gave a whole bunch of it to the Foursquare Gospel Church and I gave a whole bunch to the Bayou La Batre Fishing Hospital. And even though Bubba was dead, and Lieutenant Dan said I was nuts, I gave Bubba's momma Bubba's share. And you know what? She didn't have to work in nobody's kitchen no more...
Mrs. Gump: You have to do the best with what God gave you.
Mrs. Gump: Life's a box of chocolates, Forrest. You never know what you're gonna get.
Dorothy Harris: You understand this is the bus to the school, now, don'tcha?
Forrest Gump Jr.: Of course; you're Dorothy Harris, and I'm Forrest Gump.
Forrest Gump: Then, Bubba said something I won't ever forget.
Bubba: I wanna go home.
Forrest Gump: Bubba was my best good friend. And even I know that ain't something you can find just around the corner. Bubba was going to be a shrimping boat captain, but instead, he died right there by that river in Vietnam.
John F. Kennedy: Congratulations, how do you feel?
Forrest Gump: I gotta pee.
John F. Kennedy: I believe he said he had to go pee. Heh heh.
Mrs. Gump: What's normal anyways?
Bubba: My given name is Benjamin Buford Blue, but people call me Bubba. Just like one of them ol' redneck boys. Can you believe that?
Forrest Gump: My name's Forrest Gump. People call me Forrest Gump.
Forrest Gump: You could come home with me, to my house in Greenbow, Jenny. You and little Forrest. I'll take care of you if you're sick.
Jenny Curran: Will you marry me, Forrest?
Forrest Gump: Okay.
Forrest Gump: Hello. I'm Forrest, Forrest Gump.
Recruit Officer: Nobody gives a hunky shit who you are, pus ball. You're not even a low-life, scum-sucking maggot. Get your ass on the bus, you're in the army now!
Jenny Curran: Listen, you promise me something, OK? Just if you're ever in trouble, don't be brave. You just run, OK? Just run away.
Forrest Gump: Me and Jenny goes together like peas and carrots.
Forrest Gump: Sometimes, I guess there just aren't enough rocks.
Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan, I got you some ice cream.
Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan, ice cream.
Fat Man at Bench: It was a bullet, wasn't it?
Forrest Gump: A bullet?
Fat Man at Bench: That jumped up and bit you.
Forrest Gump: Oh, yes sir. Bit me right in the buttocks. They said it was a million dollar wound, but the army must keep that money 'cause I still haven't seen a nickel of that million dollars.
Forrest Gump: When I got tired, I slept. When I got hungry, I ate. When I had to go, you know, I went.
Elderly Southern Woman on Park Bench: And so, you just ran?
Forrest Gump: Yeah.
Forrest Gump: We was always taking long walks, and we was always looking for a guy named "Charlie".
Forrest Gump: Those must be comfortable shoes, I bet you could walk all day in shoes like those and not feel a thing.
Nurse at Park Bench: My feet hurt.
Forrest Gump: My mama always said you can tell a lot about a person by their shoes, where they going, where they been.
Forrest Gump: I've worn a lots of shoes. I bet if I think about it real hard I can remember my first pair of shoes.
Forrest Gump: Forrest, don't...
Forrest Gump: I just wanted to tell you I love you.
Forrest Gump Jr.: I love you too, Dad.
Lyndon B. Johnson: America owes you a debt of gratitude, son. Now I understand you were wounded. Where were you hit?
Forrest Gump: In the buttocks.
Lyndon B. Johnson: Oh that must be a sight.
Lyndon B. Johnson: I'd like to see that.
Lyndon B. Johnson: God damn, son.
Forrest Gump: Mama always said, God is mysterious. He didn't turn Jenny into a bird that day. But instead - he had the po-lice say Jenny didn't have to stay in that house no more. She went to live with her grandma, just over on Creekmore Avenue. And that made me happy, because she was close. And some nights she'd sneak out and come on over to my house, because she said she was scared. It may have been because of her grandma's dog, or somethin'.
Forrest Gump: One day it started raining, and it didn't quit for four months. We been through every kind of rain there is. Little bitty stingin' rain... and big ol' fat rain. Rain that flew in sideways. And sometimes rain even seemed to come straight up from underneath. Shoot, it even rained at night...
Forrest Gump: What's my destiny, Mama?
Mrs. Gump: You're gonna have to figure that out for yourself.
Forrest Gump: Mama said they'd take me anywhere. She said they was my magic shoes.
Forrest Gump: I'm sorry I had to fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
Forrest Gump: That's all I have to say about that.
Forrest Gump: There was this man giving a little talk, and for some reason he was wearing an American flag for a shirt. And he liked to say the 'F word' a lot. "F this" and "F that". And everytime he said the 'F word' people, for some reason, well, they cheered.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: I never thanked you for saving my life.
Forrest Gump: He should not be hitting you, Jenny.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: That's what all these cripples down at the VA talk about: Jesus this and Jesus that, have I found Jesus yet? They even had a priest come and talk to me. He said God is listening and if I found Jesus, I'd get to walk beside him in the kingdom of Heaven. Did you hear what I said? WALK beside him in the kingdom of Heaven! Well kiss my crippled ass. God is listening? What a crock of shit.
Forrest Gump: I'm going to heaven, Lieutenant Dan.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Yeah? Well... before you go, why don't you get your ass down to the corner and get us another bottle of ripple?
Forrest Gump: Yes, sir.
Young Forrest Gump: Mama. What's vacation?
Mrs. Gump: Vacation's when you go somewhere... and you never come back.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Well, I told you that if actually got a shrimp boat I would be your first mate. And I am a man of my word. But if you think for a second that I am calling you "Sir," you got another thing comin'.
Forrest Gump: No, sir.
Forrest Gump: That's my boat.
Forrest Gump: And cause I was a gazillionaire, and I liked doin it so much, I cut that grass for free.
Jenny Curran: Forrest, I'm sick.
Forrest Gump: Do you have a cough due to cold?
Forrest Gump: You know it's funny what a young man recollects? 'Cause I don't remember bein' born. I don't recall what I got for my first Christmas and I don't know when I went on my first outdoor picnic. But I do remember the first time I heard the sweetest voice in the wide world.
Forrest Gump: She got the cancer and died on a Tuesday. I bought her a new hat with little flowers on it. And that's all I have to say about that.
Coach Bryant: He must be the stupidest son of a bitch alive, but he sure is fast!
Bubba: Have you ever been on a real shrimp boat?
Forrest Gump: No, but I've been on a real big boat.
Forrest Gump: He was from a long great military tradition. Somebody from his family had fought and died in every single American war. I guess you could say he had a lot to live up to.
Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan was always getting these funny feelings about a rock or a trail or the road, so he'd tell us to get down, shut up.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Get down! Shut up!
Forrest Gump: So we did.
Forrest Gump: Some people don't think miracles happen, well, they do.
Forrest Gump: There was Dallas, from Phoenix; Cleveland - he was from Detroit; and Tex... well, I don't remember where Tex come from.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Oh, get your hands down. Do not salute me. There are goddamn snipers all around this area who'd love to grease an officer. I'm Lieutenant Dan Taylor. Welcome to Fort Platoon.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: What's wrong with your lip?
Bubba: I was born with big gums, sir.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Well, you better tuck that in. Gonna get that caught on a tripwire.
Forrest Gump: Coons? Well raccoons tried to get in our back porch, Momma just chase 'em off with a broom!
Young Jenny Curran: You can sit here if ya want.
Principal: Your momma sure does care about your education, son.
Principal: You don't say much do you?
Young Forrest Gump: eh, eh, eh, eh, eh...
Jenny Curran: You can't keep trying to rescue me all the time.
Forrest Gump: They was trying to grab you.
Jenny Curran: A lot of people try to grab me.
Forrest Gump: I gotta find Bubba!
Forrest Gump: The best thing about visiting the President is the food! Now, since it was all free, and I wasn't hungry but thirsty, I must've drank me fifteen Dr. Peppers.
Jenny Curran: Do you think I could fly off this bridge, Forrest?
Forrest Gump: What do you mean, Jenny?
Jenny Curran: Nothing.
Forrest Gump: And that's all I have to say about that.
Forrest Gump: Now you wouldn't believe me if I told you, but I could run like the wind blows. From that day on, if I was going somewhere, I was running!
Mrs. Gump: Remember what I told you Forrest. You're no different than anybody else is. Did you hear what I said, Forrest? You're the same as everybody else. You are no different.
Principal: Your boy's... different, Mrs. Gump. Now his IQ is 75.
Mrs. Gump: Well, we're all different, Mr. Hancock.
Principal: I want to show you something, Mrs. Gump.
Principal: Now this is normal. Forrest is right here. The state requires a minimum IQ of 80 to attend public school, Mrs. Gump. He's going to have to go to a special school. And he'll be just fine.
Mrs. Gump: What does normal mean anyway? He might be... a bit on the slow side. But my boy Forrest is gonna get the same opportunities as everyone else. He's not going to some special school to learn how to retread tires! We're talking about five little points here! There must be something that can be done.
Principal: We're a progressive school system. We don't want to see anybody left behind. Is there a Mr. Gump, Mrs. Gump?
Mrs. Gump: He's on vacation.
Forrest Gump: So what are you doing in New York, Lt. Dan?
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: I am living off the government tit! Sucking it dry!
Forrest Gump: Jenny taught me how to climb. And I taught her how to dangle.
Forrest Gump: I think I ruined your roommate's bathrobe.
Jenny Curran: I don't care. I don't like her, anyway.
Richard M. Nixon: So, are you enjoying yourself in our nation's capital, son?
Forrest Gump: Yes, sir.
Richard M. Nixon: So where are you staying?
Forrest Gump: Uh... it's called the hotel airbot.
Richard M. Nixon: Oh, no, I know of this much nicer hotel that's very new. It's very modern. I'll have my people set you up and take care of it for you.
Forrest Gump: So Bubba was from Bayou la Batrie, Alabama, and his mama cooked shrimp. And her mama before her cooked shrimp, and her mama before her mama cooked shrimp, too. Bubba's family knew everything there was to know about the shrimpin' business.
Forrest Gump: They're sendin' me to Vietnam...
Forrest Gump: ...It's this whole 'nuther country.
Forrest Gump: No shrimp.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Where the Hell is this God of yours?
Forrest Gump: It's funny Lieutenant Dan said that, 'cause right then, God showed up.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Where are you boys from in the world?
Forrest Gump, Bubba: Alabama, sir!
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: You twins?
Forrest Gump: No, we are not relations Sir.
Jenny Curran: Look at me there's nothing you need to do, you didn't do anything wrong isn't he beautiful?
Forrest Gump: He's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen but is he smart or is he...?
Jenny Curran: He's very smart, he's one of the smartest in his class
Forrest Gump: Her dream had come true. She was a folk singer.
Forrest Gump: Yeah, sir, you might want to send a maintenance man over to that office across the way. The lights are off, and they must be looking for a fuse box, 'cause them flashlights, they keep me awake.
Recruit Officer: Have you given any thought to your future, son?
Forrest Gump: "Thought"?
Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan said he was living in a hotel and because he didn't have any legs he spent most of his time exercising his arms!
Jenny Curran: Can I have a ride?
Pickup-Truck Driver: Where are you going?
Jenny Curran: I don't care.
Forrest Gump: I'm sorry I ruined your New Year's Eve party, Lieutenant Dan. She tasted like cigarettes.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: You guys get that pig unfucked and get it on the tree line!
Forrest Gump: another time when I was running along somebody had lost all his money in the T-shirt business and he wanted to put my face on a t-shirt but he couldn't draw that well and didn't have a camera some years later I found out that man did come up with an idea for a T-shirt and he made a lot of money off of it.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Look, it's pretty basic here: you stick with me and learn from the guys that have been in the country a while you'll be alright. There is an item of GI that can be the difference a live grunt and a dead grunt: socks, cushioned soled OD green, try and keep your feet dry while we're out humping I want you to remember to change your socks whenever we stop, Vietcong will eat a grunt's feet right off his legs, so you boys are from "Arkansas", I've been through there Little Rock is a fine town, now go shed down your gear see the platoon sergeant for what you need in the field if you boys are hungry we got steak burners right over here two standing orders in this platoon , one, take good care of your feet and two try not to do anything stupid, like getting yourself killed
Forrest Gump: I sure hope I don't let him down
Forrest Gump: You know what I think. I think you should go home to Greenbow, Alabama!
Old man in barbershop: That boy sure is a runnin' fool!
Forrest Gump: When I was in China on the All-American Ping Pong team, I just loved playing ping-pong with my Flexolite ping pong paddle.
Abbie Hoffman: Tell us a little bit about the war, man.
Forrest Gump: The war in Vietnam?
Abbie Hoffman: War in Viet-Fucking-Nam!
Jenny Curran: You can't keep doing this all the time
Forrest Gump: I can't help it, I love you
Jenny Curran: You don't know what love is
Forrest Gump: I hadn't seen anything so beautiful in my life she was like an angel. I just sat next to her on that bus and had a conversation all the way to school. Next to momma no one ever talked to me or asked me questions from that day on we were always together Jenny, she helped me learn how to read and I showed her how to swing sometimes we'd just sit out and wait for the stars for some reason Jenny never wanted to go home she was my most special friend, my only friend
Mrs. Gump: Louise, Louise, look there's Forrest!
Forrest Gump: When I was a baby Momma named me after the great civil war hero general Nathan Bedford Forrest. She said we were related to him in some way what he did was: he started up this club called the Ku Klux Klan they'd all dress up in their robes and their bed sheets and act like a bunch of ghosts and spooks or something. They'd even put bed sheets on their horses and ride around and anyway that's how I got my name Forest Gump
Forrest Gump: We lived about a quarter mile off route seventeen about half a mile from the town of Greenbow, Alabama that's in the county Greenbow, our house has been in Momma's family since her grand pa's grand pa's grand pa had come across the ocean about a thousand years ago or something like that. Since it was just me and Momma and had all these empty rooms Momma decided to let those rooms out, mostly to people passing through like from Mobile and Montgomery places like that, that's how Momma and I got money, Momma was a real smart lady
Forrest Gump: I liked that guitar, it sounded good I started moving around to the music swinging my hips, this one night me and momma was out shopping and walked by the appliance store, some years later that handsome young man they called" The King" he sang too many songs and had himself a heart attack or something, must be hard being "The King"
Bubba: I'm going to lean right back up against you and you'll right back up against me that way we don't have to sleep with our heads in the mud. You know why we're a good partnership? Because we'd be watching out for each other, like brothers and stuff. There's something I've been thinking about, I got a very important question to ask you, how would you like to go into the shrimping business with me? I got it all figured out too so many pounds of shrimp to pay off the boat, so many pounds for gas, we can just live right on the boat, we don't have to pay any rent, I'll be the Captain and you can be the first mate. I'm telling you we'll split everything down the middle I'm telling you fifty, fifty and we'll have all the shrimp we can eat.
Forrest Gump: I ran and ran just like Jenny told me to. I ran so far and so fast pretty soon I was all by myself which was a bad thing: Bubba was my best good friend I had to make sure he was ok. On my way back to find Bubba there was this boy laying on the ground, I couldn't let him lay as scared as he was, so I grabbed him up and run him out of there. Every time I went back looking for Bubba someone else was saying "help me Forest," I started to get scared, I might never find Bubba.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: We all have a destiny: nothing just happens, it's all part of a plan. I should have died out there with my men, now I'm nothing but a God damn cripple, a leg less freak, do you know what it's like not being able to use your legs? I had a destiny, I was supposed to die out there in the field with honor and you cheated me out of it. This wasn't supposed to happen to me
Forrest Gump: Some years later that nice young man from England was on his way home to see his little boy and was signing some autographs, for no particular reason someone shot him.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: They gave you the Congressional Medal of Honor
Forrest Gump: now, that's Lt. Dan
Forrest Gump: Lt. Dan!
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: They gave you the Congressional Medal of Honor
Forrest Gump: yes sir, they surely did
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: they gave you, an imbecile, a moron who goes on television and makes a fool out of himself in front of the whole damn country, the Congressional Medal of Honor
Forrest Gump: yes sir
Carla: Is your friend stupid or something?
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Hey! Don't call him stupid! You shut up! Don't you ever call him stupid!
Pvt. Dallas from Phoenix: Gump, how can you watch that stupid shit? Turn it off.
School Bus Boy: Ya can't sit heah!
Forrest Gump: For some reason ping pong became very natural to me so I started playing all the time I played ping pong even when I didn't have anyone to play ping pong with, the hospital people said it made me look like a "duck in water" whatever that means, even Lieutenant Dan would come watch me play I played ping pong so much, I even played ping pong in my sleep.
Forrest Gump: Anyway I guess you can say me and momma was on our own, but we didn't mind our house was never empty: there was always folks coming and going sometimes we had so many people staying with us that every room was filled with travelers folks living out of their suit cases and hat cases and sample cases one time a handsome young man was staying with us he had himself a guitar case.
Forrest Gump: Remember how I told you that Jenny never seemed to wanted to go home? She lived in a house that was old as Alabama, her momma had gone up to heaven when she was five her daddy was some kind of farmer, he was a very loving man always kissing and touching her and her sisters then this one time Jenny wasn't on the bus to go to school
Forrest Gump: College ran by real fast because I played so much football they even put me on the All American team where you get to meet the President of the United States, some years later for no particular reason someone shot that nice young President when he was riding in his car and a few years after that somebody shot his brother too, only he was in the hotel kitchen, must be hard being brothers I wouldn't know
Forrest Gump: Night time in the army was a lonely time. We lay there in our bunks and I'd miss my momma and I'd miss Jenny. Turns out Jenny had gotten into some trouble over some photos of her in her college sweater and she was thrown out of school but that wasn't a bad thing because a man who owns a theater in Memphis Tennessee saw those photos and offered Jenny a job singing in a show, the first chance I got I took a bus to Memphis to see her show.
Forrest Gump: I sent Jenny a letter not every day but almost. I told her what I was doing and asked her what she was doing. I told her how I thought about her. I was looking forward to getting a letter from her when she had time. I always let her know I was ok and I signed each letter "love Forest Gump."
Forrest Gump: They told us Vietnam was going to be a lot different than United States of America. I got to see a lot of the country side. We would take these real long walks, the good thing about Vietnam, there was always some place to go and there was always something to do.
Black Panther: Our purpose here is to protect our black leaders from racial onslaught from the "pig" who is brutalizing our people. We are here to offer protection and help for all those who need our help because we, the Black Panthers, are against the war in Vietnam. Yes we are against any war where black soldiers are sent to the front line to die for a country that hates them. Yes we are against any war where black soldiers go to fight and come to be brutalized and killed in their own communities as they sleep at night.
Forrest Gump: We walked around all night: just Jenny and me. Just talking, she told me all the traveling she'd done, how she discovered ways to "expand her mind and live in harmony," which must be out west or somewhere because she made it out to California. It was a very special night for the two of us. I didn't want it to end.
Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: They gave you the Congressional Medal of Honor, they gave you, an imbecile, a moron who goes on television and makes a fool out of himself in front of the whole damn country, the Congressional Medal of Honor.
Richard M. Nixon: Therefore, I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow. Vice president Ford will be sworn into office at that hour in this office.
Forrest Gump: I thought I was going back to Vietnam but instead they decided the best way for me to fight the Communists was to play ping pong, so I was in the Special Services, traveling around the country cheering up all the wounded veterans, showing them how to play ping pong. I was so good that some years later the army decided I should be on the All American Ping Pong Team. We were the first Americans to visit the land of China in a million years or something like that. Somebody said world peace was in our hands.
Forrest Gump: and then she was there. She came back and stayed with me. Maybe it was because she had nowhere else to go, or maybe it was because she was so tired because she went to bed and slept and slept like she hadn't slept in years. It was wonderful having her home: every day we'd take a walk and I'd jabber on like a monkey in a tree, she'd listen about ping ponging and shrimping and Momma making a trip up to heaven. I did most of the talking, most of the time she was real quiet, I really never knew why she came back but I didn't care it was like old times we were like peas and carrots again everyday. I'd pick pretty flowers and put it in her room for her. She even showed me how to dance, we were like family, it was the happiest time in my life
Man in VW Bug: Hey! Anybody wanna go to San Francisco?
Jenny Curran: I'll go!
Man in VW Bug: Far out!
Pedestrian: Dang it! You mean I'm sitting next to a Goddamn Millionaire? Well I'll be.
    