
Mr. Garrison: ...I'm Sorry Wendy, but I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Saddam Hussein: Let's start by building a big statue of me, right over there where that fat kid is standing.
Cartman: Hey, don't call me fat buttfucker!
Stan: Do it Cartman! Do it!
Cartman: Damn! Shit! Respect my fuckin' authoritayyy!
Saddam Hussein: You need to watch your mouth, brat.
Cartman: Dog-shit taco!
Saddam Hussein: Quick Satan! Do something!
Cartman: Try this on for size... Blood drenched frozen tampon popsicle!
Saddam Hussein: Hey, buddy! I know I was mean before. But don't worry - I can change!
Cartman: OK... not! Fuck, shit, cock, ass, titties, boner, bitch, muff, pussy, cunt, butthole, Barbra Streisand!
Cartman: Kyle's Mom... She's a big, fat, fuckin' BIIIIIIIIITCH! Who's a fuckin' bitch? Kyle's Mooooooooom! Yeah!
Cartman: Oh fuck.
Cartman: Don't call me fat, you fucking Jew!
Mr. Garrison: Eric, did you just say the F-word?
Cartman: Jew?
Kyle: No, he's talking about "fuck". You can't say "fuck" in school, you fucking fat ass!
Mr. Garrison: Kyle!
Cartman: Why the fuck not?
Mr. Garrison: Eric!
Stan: Dude, you just said "fuck" again!
Mr. Garrison: Stanley!
Kenny: Fuck!
Mr. Garrison: Kenny!
Cartman: What's the big deal? It doesn't hurt anybody. Fuck-fuckety-fuck-fuck-fuck.
Mr. Garrison: How would you like to go see the school counselor?
Cartman: How would you like to suck my balls?
Mr. Garrison: What did you say?
Cartman: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Actually, what I said was...
Cartman: HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO SUCK MY BALLS, MR. GARRISON?
Stan: Holy shit, dude.
Kyle: Dude, it's a lady getting pooed on!
Stan: Whoa! Is it Cartman's mom?
Cartman: Oh, very funny!
Kyle: Hey! It IS Cartman's mom!
Mrs. Cartman: All righty then!
Cartman: SON OF A BI...
Cartman: AHHH!
Ike: Ba ba ba ba.
Kyle: Get out of here, Ike. You're too young for this stuff!
Ike: Bullshit.
Stan: What's she doing now?
German: Essen meine scheisse.
Mrs. Cartman: Okey-dokey!
Kyle, Stan, Cartman: AWWWWWW!
Stan: Click it off, dude, click it off!
Stan: Dude, what the fuck is wrong with German people?
Chef: Haven't you heard of the Emancipation Proclamation?
General: I don't listen to hip-hop.
Mr. Garrison: What is five times two?
Mr. Garrison: Now come on children, don't be shy, just give it your best shot.
Clive: Twelve.
Mr. Garrison: OK, now let's try to get an answer from someone who's not a complete retard.
Cartman: You guys, this is all Kyle's mom's fault.
Kyle: Shut up, Cartman.
Cartman: Kyle's mom is the one that started that damn club and all because she's a big fat stupid bit...
Kyle: Don't say it, Cartman.
Cartman: Well...
Kyle: Don't do it, Cartman.
Cartman: Well...
Kyle: I'm warning you!
Cartman: Okay, okay.
Kyle: I'm getting pretty sick of him calling my mom a...
Cartman: Well... Kyle's mom's a bitch, she's a big fat bitch, she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world, she's a stupid bitch if there ever was a bitch, she a bitch to all the boys and girls.
Kyle: Shut your fucking mouth, Cartman!
Cartman: On Monday she's a bitch, on Tuesday she's a bitch, on Wednesday through Saturday she's a bitch, then on Sunday just to be different she's a super king kamehameha bee-otch! Come on, you all know the words. Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom? She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world, she's a mean old bitch and she has stupid hair, she's a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch. Bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch, she's a stupid bitch! Kyle's mom's a bitch and she just a dirty bitch. Talk to kids around the world, it might go a little bit something like this.
Cartman: Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom? She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world, she's a mean old bitch and she has stupid hair, she's a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch!
Cartman: Bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch, she's a stupid bitch!
Stan: Uh, Cartman?
Cartman: Kyle's mom's a bitch and she just a dirty bitch. I really mean it, Kyle's mom... She's a big fat fucking biiitch! Big old fat fucking bitch, that mom... Yeah! Chaa!
Cartman: What?
Cartman: Oh... Fuck!
Sheila Broflovski: Remember what the MPAA says; Horrific, Deplorable violence is okay, as long as people don't say any naughty woids! That's what this war is all about!
Sheila Broflovski: What the heck is a rimjob?
Mrs. Cartman: Why, that's where you put your legs behind your head and let someone lick your ass.
Cartman: I bet him he couldn't do it. I bet him a hundred dollars.
Kyle: It's not your fault, Cartman.
Cartman: Dude, I know, I'm just fuckin' stoked I don't have to pay him.
Kyle: Oh, that's real nice! He was your friend, you fat fuck!
Cartman: Hey dudes!
Kyle: What's the matter Cartman?
Cartman: It's this V-Chip, I hate it! I can't say any dirty words
Kyle: Really? So you can't say Fuck?
Cartman: No!
Kyle: And you can't say Shit?
Cartman: No!
Kyle: So you can't say I'm Eric Cartman the Fattest fucking piece of Shit in the world?
Cartman: FUCK YOU!
Cartman: AHHH!
Kyle: Ewwww... Sweet!
Dr. Doctor: We accidentally replaced your heart with a baked potato. You have about three seconds to live.
Dr. Vosknocker: Now, I want you to say "doggy".
Cartman: Doggy.
Dr. Vosknocker: Notice, that nothing happens.
Dr. Vosknocker: Now, say "Montana".
Cartman: Montana.
Dr. Vosknocker: Good. Now, "pillow".
Cartman: Pillow.
Dr. Vosknocker: All right. Now I want you to say "horse fucker".
Mrs. Cartman: Go on, honey. It's all right.
Cartman: Horse fu...
Cartman: That hurts, goddamnit!
Dr. Vosknocker: Now I want you to say "big floppy donkey dick".
Cartman: No!
Dr. Vosknocker: Success! The child doesn't want to swear!
Cartman: This isn't fair, you sons of bi...
Kyle: Come on, Ike! Kick the baby!
Ike: Don't kick the baby.
Kyle: Kick the baby.
American Representative: Fuck Canada!
Canadian Representative: Hey fuck you buddy!
Terrence: Well, fuck my ass and call me a bitch.
Cartman: Mom? If you were in a German "scheisse" video, you... you'd tell me, right?
Mrs. Cartman: Sure, hon.
Stan: What would Brian Boitano do if he was here right now? / He'd make a plan and follow through, that's what Brian Boitano'd do!
Kyle: When Brian Boitano was in the Olympics skating for the Gold, / he did two salchows and a triple lutz while wearing a blindfold!
Cartman: When Brian Boitano was in the Alps fighting grizzly bears / he used his magical fire breath and saved the maidens fair!
Stan, Kyle: So what would Brian Boitano do if he were here today? / I'm sure he'd kick an ass or two, that's what Brian Boitano'd do!
Cartman: I want this V-chip out of me. / It has stunted my vocabulary.
Kyle: And I just want my mom to stop fighting everyone.
Stan: For Wendy I'll be an activist too, / 'cause that's what Brian Boitano'd do!
Stan, Kyle, Cartman: And what would Brian Boitano do? He'd call all the kids in town / and tell them to unite for truth, that's what Brian Boitano'd do!
Stan, Kyle, Cartman: When Brian Boitano traveled through time to the year 3010, / he fought the evil robot king and saved the human race again!
Cartman: And when Brian Boitano built the pyramids he beat up Kublai Khan!
Stan, Kyle, Cartman: 'Cause Brian Boitano doesn't take shit from anybody! / So let's call all the kids together / and unite to stop our moms. / And we'll save Terrance and Philip too, 'cause that's what Brian Boitano'd do! / And we'll save Terrance and Philip too, 'cause that's what Brian Boitano'd do! / 'Cause that's what Brian Boitano'd do!
Gregory: I must say, I don't believe I belong here with these rogues. I transferred from Yardale where I had a 4.0 grade point average.
Cartman: You're a fucking faggot, dude.
Cartman: Well, Kyle's mom is a big, fat bitch, she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world. She's a stupid bitch, if there ever was a bitch, she's a bitch to all the boys and girls. / On Monday she's a bitch, on Tuesday she's a bitch, on Wedensday and Saturday she's a bitch. Then on Sunday, just to be different, she's a super king kamehameha bee-utch. / Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom? She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world. She's a stupid bitch and she has stupid hair, she's a big big big big big big bitch. / Bitch bitch bitch bitch, she's a stupid bitch. Kyle's mom's a bitch, and she's such a stupid bitch./Talk to kids around the world, it might go a little bit something like this!
Kenny: Goodbye, you guys.
Chorus: Shut your fucking face, Uncle Fucker. You're a boner biting bastard, Uncle Fucker.
Terrence: You're an uncle fucker, I must say.
Phillip: Well you fucked your uncle yesterday.
Terrance, Phillip: Uncle Fucker. That's U-N-C-L-E FUCK YOU! UNCLE FUCKAAAAHH...
Phillip: Suck my balls.
Cartman: See, it doesn't hurt anyone! Fuck, fuckety, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Kyle: Hey, Mole, be careful.
The Mole: Careful? Was my mother careful when she stabbed me in the heart with a clothes hanger while I was still in the womb?
Stan: Man, that kid is fucked up!
Kenny's Mom: Well, fine. You go ahead and miss church and then when you die and go to hell, you can answer to Satan!
Kenny: Okay!
Ike: Dopey pappy sheet eater.
Terrence: Suck my balls
Satan: How come you always want to make love to me from behind? Is it because you want to pretend I'm somebody else?
Saddam Hussein: Satan, your ass is gigantic and red. Who am I going to pretend you are, Liza Minelli?
Brian Dennehy: Did someone say my name?
Stan: Who are you?
Brian Dennehy: I'm Brian Dennehy.
Kyle: What? No, not fuckin' Brian Dennehy!
Stan: Get the fuck out of here!
Brian Dennehy: Oh. Bye.
Kyle: Let me have some candy, Cartman.
Cartman: Let's see, hmm, nope, I don't have any Jewish candy.
Kyle: Fine! Like you really need all that chocolate, fat boy!
Stan: Wait, before we put a message out, do a search on the word clitoris.
Kyle: Hmm OK Found: 8,000,000 pages found with the word clitoris.
Army General: You told us that windows 98 would be faster, and more efficient with better access to the internet!
Bill Gates: It IS faster! Over five million...
Teacher: The word is "forensics".
Kid: Ah, fuck that. Why should we fucking have to spell forensics?
Kid: S-U-C-K-M-Y-A-S-S. Forensics.
Big Gay Al: Bombs are flying, people are dying, children are crying, politicians are lying too. Cancer is killing, Texaco's spilling, the whole world's gone to hell, but how are you?
Big Gay Al: I'm super! Thanks for asking!
Saddam Hussein: Ya like that, don't ya, bitch?
The Mole: Hold me.
The Mole: There is no hope now, you must get out of here.
Kyle: We can't leave without you!
The Mole: It's okay, I'm done for.
Kyle: No! We can't leave without you! We don't know where the hell we are!
The Mole: Were is your God when you need him, huh? Where is your beautiful, merciful faggot now?
The Mole: Here I come, God. Here I come, you fucking rat.
The Mole: Now the light, she fades... and darkness settles in... but I will find strength...
Kyle: No, Mole, hang on...
The Mole: I will find pride within...
Kyle: We'll get you home...
The Mole: Because although I die...
Kyle: I can't face my mother...
The Mole: Our freedom will be won...
Kyle: Not alone!
The Mole: Though I die... La Resistance lives... on... BLECHHHHH!
The Mole: Kyle: SHIT!
Eric Cartman: I hate you Kenny.
Brooke Shields: I once farted on the set of Blue Lagoon.
Newscaster: It's been six weeks since Saddam Hussein was killed by a pack of wild boars and the world is still glad to be rid of him.
Mr. Mackey: I guess I'll have to send a warning letter out to parents before more children see Terrence & Phillip.
Cartman: Everybody's fucking seen it.
Mrs. Cartman: Eric!
Cartman: I'm sorry I can't help myself. That movie has warped my fragile little mind.
Chef: Everything worked out what a happy end. Americans and Canadians are friends again. So let's all join hands and knock oppression down.
Cartman, Kyle, Stan: Don't you know our little lives are now complete?
Mrs. Cartman, Sheila Broflovski: 'Cause Terrance and phillip are sweet.
Sheila Broflovski: Super sweet.
everyone: Thank God we live in this quiet, little pissant, redneck, podunk, jerkwater, greenhorn, one-horse, mudhole, peckerwood, right-wing, whistle-stop, hobnail, truck-driving, old-fashioned, hayseed, inbred, unkempt, out-of-date, white trash...
Cartman, Kyle, Stan: Kick-ass!
everyone: Mountain... town!
Mr. Mackey: Step 4, don't say fuck anymore, 'cause fuck is the worst word that you can say.
Children: Fuck is the worst word that you can say. We shouldn't say fuck, no we shouldn't say fuck, fuck no!
Kyle: WUUUUaaahh! WUUUaaaaahhhhh!
Soldier: Hey, you hear that? Sounds like a giraffe's dying over there!
Satan: Is sex the only thing that matters to you?
Saddam Hussein: I love you.
Billy Baldwin: Baldwin residence. No, this is Billy Baldwin. If you want Daniel Baldwin call his extension, stupid!
Billy Baldwin: Hey Alec, you know what sucks about being a Baldwin?
Alec Baldwin: No, what?
Billy Baldwin: Nothing!
The Mole: You MUST shut of the alarms! I fucking hate guard dogs!
Cartman: Yeah, I heard you the first time you British piece of shit.
Cartman: Owww!
General: Now each battalion has a specific code-name and mission. Battalion 5, raise your hands!
General: You will be the all important first defense wave, which we will call "Operation Human Shield".
Chef: Hey, wait a minute...
General: Now keep in mind, 'Operation Human Shield' will suffer heavy losses. But don't lose your spirit men! Stay until the bitter end. Battalion 14?
General: Right, you are 'Operation Get Behind The Darkies'. You will follow Battalion 5 here and try not to get killed for God's Sake. Are there any questions men?
General: Yes Soldier?
Chef: Have you ever heard of the Emancipation Proclamation?
General: I don't listen to hip-hop!
Chef: Hey!
The Mole: Now, did you bring the mirror?
Stan: Check!
The Mole: Did you bring the rope?
Stan: Check!
The Mole: Did you bring the buttfor?
Stan: What's a buttfor?
The Mole: For pooping, silly.
Mr. Mackey: I want to know where you heard all this horrific obscenities, m'kay?
Kyle: Nowhere.
Stan: We heard them from Mr. Garrison a few times before.
Mr. Mackey: Boys, I seriously doubt that Mr Garrison ever said: "Eat penguin shit, you ass spelunker".
Satan: You have spilled the blood of the innocent. Now begins two million years of Darkness.
Chef: Oh, good job Mrs. Broslofski. Thanks a lot!
Eric Cartman: I had to ride my bike here. My behind is killing me.
Kyle: Your "behind"?
Eric Cartman: I have to say "behind" because I get shocked if I say "ass".
Eric Cartman: AGH!
Saddam Hussein: Some people say that I'm a bad guy, they may be right, they may be right. But it's not as if I don't try, I just fuck up, try as I might. But I can change, I can change! I can learn to keep my promises I swear it. I'll open up my heart and I will share it. Any minute now I will be born again! Yes, I can change, I can change, I know I've been a dirty little bastard. I like to kill, I like to maim, yes, I'm insane, but it's okay, cause I can change! It's not my fault that I'm so evil. It's society, society. You see my parents were sometimes abusive, and it made a prick of me! But I can change, I can change. I can learn to keep my promises I know it. I'll open up my heart and I will show it, any minute now I will be born again!
Satan: But what if you never change? What if you remain a sandy little butt-hole?
Saddam Hussein: Hey Satan, don't be such a twit. Mother Theresa won't have shit on me!
Kyle: Man, this movie gets better every time I see it!
Ticket Taker: Hey!
Cartman: Yeah, but you know what? That whole part about lighting farts is bullshit. You can't do that.
Kenny McCormick: Yeah, you can!
Cartman: No way.
Kenny McCormick: Yes you can. You can *too* light a fart on fire.
Cartman: Okay, Kenny. I'll bet you a hundred dollars you can't light a fart on fire.
Kenny McCormick: Yes you can. Check it out.
Stan: Holy shit, dude!
Cartman: Ah! Oh my God! Hey!
Cartman: Aw, shit! Aw, shit!
Stan: Help! Somebody do something!
Cartman: Aahh! This stick is on fire!
Kenny McCormick: Ooowww!
Stan: Oh my God, you killed Kenny!
Kyle: You bastard!
Cartman: Wow, I guess you *can* light a fart on fire, huh?
Satan: Saddam, could I talk to you over here for a second? I don't see why you have to belittle me in front of people like that.
Saddam Hussein: Relax guy.
Satan: Sometimes I think you don't have any respect for me.
Saddam Hussein: Come here, guy. Who's my cream puff?
Satan: I am.
Saddam Hussein: That's my baby!
Terrence: You're such a pig-fucker, Phillip!
Phillip: Terrance, why would you call me a pig-fucker?
Terrence: Well, let's see. First of all, you fuck pigs.
Phillip: Oh yeah!
Newscaster: But, Mr. Minister, it isn't like this film is the first troublesome thing to come out of Canada. Let us not forget Bryan Adams.
Canadian Representative: Now, now, the Canadian Government has apologized for Bryan Adams on several occasions!
Terrence: This is worse than the time when I fell asleep and you put your dick in my mouth and took a picture.
Cartman: It was the Terrence & Phillip movie.
Kyle: Dude!
Cartman: What? Fuck you guys. I wanna get out of here.
Cartman: Yes, that's right, I saw the Terrance and Phillip movie. Now who wants to touch me?
Cartman: I said, who wants to fuckin' touch me?
Canadian Ambassador: Can I finish? Please, can I finish?
Canadian Ambassador: OK I'm finished.
Jimbo Kearn: Oh boy, military action, Ned, we're gonna kill us some goddam Australians!
Ned Gerblanski: I think we're fighting Canadians.
Jimbo Kearn: Canadians, Australians, what's the difference?
The Mole: What do you think this is kid? T.V. kiddie hour where we all stand around and lick Barney the dinosaur fucking pussy?
Stan: Hey, Mole. You know where the "clitoris" is?
The Mole: Ze what?
Stan: The "clitoris." I have to have to find the clitoris so I can get this Wendy girl to like me again.
The Mole: Hey, you have to stop thinking with your dick! You have to be on your toes, because I am not going be grounded again. Not for you, not for anybody!
The Mole: If anything goes wrong, make a sound like a dying giraffe.
Stan: What's a dying giraffe sound like?
The Mole: WUUUUUaahhh! WUUUaaaaaaahhhhh!
Terrence: Looks like we may be out of luck.
Phillip: Tomorrow night, we're pretty fucked!
Ike: Guys out there is hurted.
Satan: You have spilt the blood of the innocence, now begins 2,000,000 years of darkness!
Chef: Oh, good job, Mrs. Broslofski! Thanks a lot!
Sheila Broslofski: I was just trying to make the world a better place for children!
Saddam Hussein: Yeah, and brought enough intolerence in the world to allow my coming. Now everyone bow down to me!
Saddam Hussein: Yeah!
The Mole: Ze alarms, they went off?
Cartman: Oh that was my bad, sorry.
Stan Marsh: Dude, dude, wake up!
Stan Marsh: Kenny, come on!
Kenny McCormick: Coming!
Stan Marsh: Kenny! The new Terrance and Phillip movie is out! You wanna come with me?
Kenny McCormick: Yeah, dude! Come on, let's go, quick...
Kenny's Mom: Where'd you think YOU'RE going?
Kenny McCormick: We're going to the Terrance and Phillip movie.
Kenny's Mom: You can't, you gotta go to church.
Kenny McCormick: But mom, I really wanna see this movie!
Kenny's Mom: Fine. You go ahead and miss church. And then, when you die and go to hell, you can answer to Satan!
Kenny McCormick: ...Okay!
Cartman, Kyle, Stan: Why did our mothers start this war? What the fuck are they fighting for? When did this song become a marathon?
Mr. Garrison: I can't wait to take leave so I can get me some fucking poontang.
Terrence: Now, Phillip, did you learn something in all this?
Phillip: I did, Terrence. I learned that you're a boner-biting, dick-fart, fuck-face!
Cartman: Hey Stan, tell them about the part where Terrence calls Phillip a testicle shitting rectal wart.
Mrs. Cartman: And my little boy eric, had my picture on his shelf / And now when he sees me he tells me to go fuck myself!
Stan: The sun is shining and the grass is green. / Under the three feet of snow, I mean.
Chef: So finally, what a happy end / Americans and Canadians are friends again.
Stan: Hey, guys. Do you know where I can find the clitoris?
Kyle: The what?
Cartman: What, is that like finding Jesus or something?
Sheila Broflovski: ...if it's war they want, it's war they'll have!
Cartman: This is fucking weak...
Soldier: And I don't know what I've been told / Canadian pussy is mighty cold.
Sheila Broflovski: We've got to blame Canada, we've got to make a fuss! Before someone thinks of blaming us!
Cartman: Mom I saw him, I saw Kenny!
Mrs. Cartman: Oh, you poor dear! You've been through so much.
Cartman: I bet him he couldn't light a fart on fire, and now he's all pissed off
Cartman: damn I can't say "pissed off" either!
Cartman: That movie has warped my fragile little mind.
Terrence: Well, Phillip, I hope you've learned something from this whole experience.
Phillip: I sure have, Terrance. I've learned that you are a boner-biting, dick-fart, fuck face.
Terrence: Wanna see the northern lights?
Phillip: Ha ha ha. You burned yourself to death by lighting your fart. Ha ha ha.
Terrence: I sure did, Philip!
Satan: Saddam, I need to talk to you
Saddam Hussein: Ah, you'd better get packing, bitch, we're running out of time.
Satan: sometimes you can love someone very much, but still know they aren't right for you.
Saddam Hussein: What the *fuck* are you talking about?
Satan: You treat me like shit, Saddam! I'm leaving you!
Saddam Hussein: What? No? No! You can't do that! I have to go to Earth!
Satan: You don't even have any respect for me.
Saddam Hussein: Sure I do, guy, please, just hear me out
Stan: But this is going to be the best movie ever! It's a foreign film from Canada.
Kenny: Mmf mm mpf mm mommmppf mmf momm mmom mf mff. Mff mffs mmmph mmf, mmph? Mmmpf mpph.
Stan: Thank you Clitoris!
Saddam Hussein: Yeah Yeah, men, this is getting me so hot. Rub my nipples while I torture this little piggy
Satan: Up there, there is so much room / Where baby's burp and flowers bloom / Everyone dreams I can dream too / Up there / Up where the skies are ocean blue / I could be safe and live without a care / Up there
Kyle: Dude, that movie was fucking sweet!
Cartman: You bet your fuckin' ass it was!
Stan: Fuck, dude, I wanna be just like Terrence and Phillip!
Satan: What if you remain a sandy little butthole?
Saddam Hussein: Hey, Satan, don't be such a twit / Mother Teresa won't have shit on me.
Ticket Taker: Hey wait a minute, where is your guardian?
Cartman: What?
Ticket Taker: I knew it! You paid a homeless guy to get you in. Didn't you?
Cartman: Fuck off, you donkey-raping shit eater.
Chef: Everything worked out/What a happy end/Canadians and Americans are friends again.
Satan: The day is mine!
Newscaster: Is Terrance and Philip affecting America's youth? Here with that report is a midget in a bikini.
Terrence: You don't eat or sleep or mow the lawn/ You just fuck your Uncle all day long!
George Burns: Hey, fuckface. Have you seen Gracie?
Stan: Can I have FIVE tickets to Terence Phillip: Asses on Fire, please?
Ticket Taker: No!
Stan: What do you mean no?
Ticket Taker: Terrance and Philip: Asses of Fire has been rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America, you have to be accompanied by a parent or guardian.
Stan: But why?
Ticket Taker: Because this movie has naughty language! Next please.
Cartman: Wow, I guess you can light a fart on fire, huh?
Phillip: Shut your fucking face, uncle fucker, you're a boner-biting-bastard, uncle fucker.
Cartman: Hey, you're holding up the god damn lunch line!
Cartman: Shut of ze power Cartman, zis is very important Cartman.
Stan: Chef, how do you make a woman like you more than any other guy?
Chef: Oh, that's easy. You just gotta find the clitoris.
Stan: Huh?
Chef: Whoops.
Dr. Doctor: Dammit! It never gets any easier!
Phillip: This little scrotum sucker deceived us.
everyone: Thank God we live in this quiet, little, pissant, redneck, podunk, jerkwater, greenhorn, one-horse, mudhole, peckerwood, right-wing, whistle-stop, hobnail, truck-driving, old-fashioned, hayeseed, inbred, unkempt, out-of-date, white trash, kick-ass! Mountain town!
Stan: Look.
Sheila Broslofski: Blame Canada! Blame Canada! It seems that everything's gone wrong since Canada came along. Blame Canada! Blame Canada!
Man in Chorus: They're not even a real country anyway.
The Mole: Here I come, God. Here I come, you fucking rat.
Cartman: Hey Stan! Tell them about the part where Terrance called Phillip a "testicle-shitting rectal wart!"
The Mole: You realize that by doing this we could be grounded for two, perhaps even three weeks.
Eric Cartman: More people will come if they think we have punch and pie.
Kyle: Punch and pie.
Mr. Mackey: Anyone wearing Terrance and Phillip shirts are to be sent home immediately!
Children: Hurray!
Wendy Testeberger: Fuck Gregory. Fuck him right in the ear!
Cartman: Why the hell am I still holding this thing for?
Mr. Garrison: Mr. Hat, no!
Stan: Hey you guys I found the clitoris. I think I can get Wendy to like me again.
Cartman: Yeah I guess all's well that end's well. We can go home now. You dipshit!
Cartman: Aw, screw it. It probably isn't all that good anyway.
Kyle: Cartman! What the hell are you talking about? You LOVE Terrance and Philiip!
Cartman: Yeah, but the animation is all crappy.
Voice on Radio: All Canadian-American citizens are to report to ne of these death camps right away. Did I say death camps? I meant happy camps, where you will eat the finest meals, have access to the fabulous doctors, and be able to exercise regularly.
Eric Cartman: Mom, there's someone at the door.
Eric Cartman: Mom, I said there's someone at the door!
Mrs. Cartman: Coming, hun.
Eric Cartman: Ay, I can't see the TV!
Mrs. Cartman: Oh, look Eric, It's your little friends!
Ike Broflovski: Fireman!
Eric Cartman: What are you guys doing here?
Eric Cartman: Aw, sweet dudes! Yes, YEEES!
Sheila Broflovski: Nooo!
Kyle: Holy shit, dude!
Sheila Broflovski: Young man, you watch your mouth.
Winona Ryder: I'm super-psyched to be here today. What you're doing for our country is sooo cool! I mean, war, man. Wow. War. Y'know? Wow.
Cartman: Off to the Movies we shall go! Where we learn everything that we know! Because the Movies tell us what our parents don't have time to say...
General: You can still see fart jokes on Nickelodeon.
Kyle: No! This is about more than fart jokes! This is about freedom of speech, about censorship and stuff.
Woman in Theatre: What garbage!
Man in Theatre: Well, what do you expect, they're Canadian!
Stan: Listen Mr. homeless man, if you don't wanna buy us the tickets and not get your ten bucks and not buy yourself a bottle of vodka, then be my guest.
Homeless man: Six tickets please!
Kyle: You are all just a bunch of ass-ramming uncle fuckers!
Sheila Broslofski: Gentlemen, do you have any last words?
Phillip: Last words? How's aboot: "Get me the fuck out of this chair!" How's that for last words?
Gregory: I'm here for "la resistance."
Kyle: What's the password?
Gregory: I don't know.
Kyle: Guess.
Gregory: Uhhh... bacon.
Kyle: ...okay.
Terrance: Well, Phillip, I hope you've learned something from this whole experience.
Phillip: I sure have, Terrance. I've learned that you are a boner-biting, dick-fart, fuck face.
Terrance: Wanna see the northern lights?
Phillip: Ha ha ha. You burned yourself to death by lighting your fart. Ha ha ha.
Terrance: I sure did Philip!
Saddam Hussein: Hey Satan, I got some new luggage for our trip up to Earth. Let's fuck to celebrate.
Stan: We're "La Resistance," we want to save Terrance and Phillip and stop the war and stuff.
The Mole: I can't help you. I'm grounded in my room for the next three days.
Kyle: So are we. Our parents think we're home right now.
Stan: Why are you grounded?
The Mole: Why? Because God hates me, that's why. He has made my life miserable. So I call him a cock-sucking asshole, and I get grounded.
Voice on Radio: And so, the draft will being tomorrow as more and more troops are needed to invade the Canadian border. The Canadian government pleads for a peaceful resolution, but naturally, we're not listening.
Sheila Broflovski: When Canada is dead and gone, there'll be no more Celine Dion!
Cartman: Son of a gun! Heck!
Stan: You see homeless people but you just don't care!
Cartman: Mr. Mackey, can I ask a question?
Mr. Mackey: What?
Cartman: What's the big fucking deal, bitch?
Stan: Yeah!
Phillip: Cheers, fuck-face.
Saddam Hussein: You're all really fucked now!
Mr. Garrison: All the Baldwins are dead!
Satan: The time of prophecy is upon us!
Saddam Hussein: I love when you get all biblical, Satan! You know exactly how to turn my crank.
Satan: No, I'm being serious!
Kyle: You don't think they're really going to kill Terrence and Phillip, do you?
Cartman: Kyle you need to stop being such a chicken shit and stand up to your mother!, you need to smack her in the face and say that's enough of your shit you fucking bitch!
Sheila Broflovski: Kyle you are grounded for two weeks.
Sharon Marsh: You too Stan.
Mrs. Cartman: And you're grounded for three weeks Eric.
Cartman: Hey! Why am I grounded more that's fuckin' bullshit!
Mrs. Cartman: What, what, what? What was that word young man?
Cartman: You should've seen Kyle when his mom showed up. He was scared out of his mind.
Kyle: Shut up, Cartman!
Cartman: No dude, I'd be scared too, your mom is a fucking bitch.
Kyle: Don't call my mom a bitch, you fat fuck!
Cartman: Don't call me fat you buttfucking son of a bitch!
Chef: Whoa, children! Where did you learn to talk like that?
Cartman: It's pretty fucking sweet, huh?
Terrence: Well, fuck my ass and call me a bitch!
Phillip: Oh, you shitfaced cockmaster!
Cartman: Wow! 'Shitfaced cockmaster'.
Sharon Marsh: Well good morning, Stan.
Stan Marsh: Hi mom, can I have eight dollars to see a movie?
Sharon Marsh: A movie? But I thought you were going ice-skating.
Stan Marsh: But this is gonna be the best movie ever! It's a foreign film from Canada!
Sharon Marsh: Oh alright, then. But be back for supper!
Stan Marsh: Thanks, mom!
American Soldier #1: Hey sounds like a Giraffe's Dying over there!
Big Gay Al: Well, that's all the acts we have for you tonight, so let's just get on with the execution.
Stan: Oh, no! We have to stall him.
Kyle: More! More!
American Soldiers: Yeah, more!
Big Gay Al: Oh, you big sillies. You want to see more of me?
Stan: Yeah! Big Gay Al! Big Gay Al!
American Soldiers: Big Gay Al! Big Gay Al!
Big Gay Al: Well, I do have a little song I wrote about the war, oh, but we haven't rehearsed.
Stan: Sing it!
American Soldiers: Yeah, sing it!
Big Gay Al: Oh, I can't.
Kyle: Sing the fucking song!
Big Gay Al: Well all right, if you insist. I'll sing my song. I believe it goes a little bit like this...
Sharon Marsh: Oh my God! What have we done?
Sheila Broflovski: But... this is what we wanted! We wanted to raise our children in a smut-free environment!
Sharon Marsh: We didn't ask for *this*!
Sheila Broflovski: But... where are you going?
Sharon Marsh: We're going to find our boys! For God sake, Sheila, they're going to get killed out there!
Cartman: Kyle, all those times I said you were a big dumb jew. I didn't mean it. You're not a Jew.
Kyle: Yes, I am. I am a Jew, Cartman.
Cartman: No, no, Kyle, don't be so hard on yourself.
Stan: There's a bunch of birds in the sky. And some deers just went running by.
Kyle: Ok. Let's try this one more time. Ready, Ike? Kick the baby!
Ike Broflovski: Don't kick the baby.
Kyle: Kick the baby!
Sheila Broflovski: Ike! You broke ANOTHER window! That's a bad baby! Baaaaaad baby!
Stan Marsh: Kyle, we're going to see the Terrance and Phillip movie!
Kyle: Oh my god, dude!
Sheila Broflovski: Kyle! Where are you going?
Kyle: Uuh, we're going ice-skating.
Sheila Broflovski: Well take your little brother with you.
Kyle: Aww, come on, ma! He's not even my real brother. He's adopted!
Sheila Broflovski: DO AS I SAY, KYLE!
Kyle: Ok, ok, I'm sorry!     