
Cooper: We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down, and worry about our place in the dirt.
Dr. Brand: Do not go gentle into that good night; Old age should burn and rave at close of day. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Cooper: Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.
Cooper: We've always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible. And we count these moments. These moments when we dare to aim higher, to break barriers, to reach for the stars, to make the unknown known. We count these moments as our proudest achievements. But we lost all that. Or perhaps we've just forgotten that we are still pioneers. And we've barely begun. And that our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, that our destiny lies above us.
Murph: Hey Dad. You sonabitch. Never made one of these while you were still responding because I was so mad at you for leaving. And when you went quiet, it seemed like I should live with that decision, and I have. But today's my birthday. And it's a special one, because you told me... you once told me that by the time you came back we might be the same age. And today I'm the same age you were when you left.
Murph: So it'd be a real good time for you to come back.
Cooper: You're ruling my son out for college now? The kid's fifteen.
Principal: Tom's score simply isn't high enough.
Cooper: What's your waistline? 32? With, what, a 33 inseam?
Principal: I'm not sure I see what you're getting at.
Cooper: You're telling me it takes two numbers to measure your own ass but only one to measure my son's future?
TARS: Settings. General settings. Security settings.
TARS: Honesty, new setting: ninety-five percent.
TARS: Confirmed. Additional settings.
Cooper: Humor, seventy-five percent.
TARS: Confirmed. Self destruct sequence in T minus 10, 9...
Cooper: Let's make that sixty percent.
TARS: Sixty percent, confirmed. Knock knock.
Cooper: You want fifty-five?
CASE: Endurance rotation is 67, 68 RPM.
Cooper: CASE, get ready to match our spin with the retro thrusters.
CASE: It's not possible.
Cooper: No. It's necessary.
Cooper: Hey TARS, what's your honesty parameter?
TARS: 90 percent.
Cooper: 90 percent?
TARS: Absolute honesty isn't always the most diplomatic nor the safest form of communication with emotional beings.
Cooper: Okay, 90 percent it is.
Cooper: Once you're a parent, you're the ghost of your children's future.
TARS: Everybody good? Plenty of slaves for my robot colony?
Cooper: Tell me something. Doctor Brand, and Edmonds...
TARS: Why are you whispering? They can't hear you.
Cooper: Doctor Brand and Edmonds, they close?
TARS: I wouldn't know.
Cooper: Is that a ninety percent wouldn't know, or ten percent wouldn't know?
TARS: I also have a discretion setting, Cooper.
Cooper: Ah. But not a poker face, huh?
Cooper: This world's a treasure, Don; but it's been telling us to leave for a while now.
TARS: I have a cue light I can use to show you when I'm joking, if you like.
Cooper: That might help.
TARS: Yeah, you can use it to find your way back to the ship after I blow you out the airlock.
Cooper: You're a scientist, Brand.
Brand: So listen to me when I say that love isn't something that we invented. It's... observable, powerful. It has to mean something.
Cooper: Love has meaning, yes. Social utility, social bonding, child rearing...
Brand: We love people who have died. Where's the social utility in that?
Cooper: None.
Brand: Maybe it means something more - something we can't yet understand. Maybe it's some evidence, some artefact of a higher dimension that we can't consciously perceive. I'm drawn across the universe to someone I haven't seen in a decade, who I know is probably dead. Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends dimensions of time and space. Maybe we should trust that, even if we can't understand it. All right Cooper. Yes. The tiniest possibility of seeing Wolf again excites me. That doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Cooper: Honestly, Amelia... it might.
Dr. Brand: I'm not afraid of death. I'm an old physicist - I'm afraid of time.
Cooper: You don't believe we went to the Moon?
Ms. Kelly: I believe it was a brilliant piece of propaganda, that the Soviets bankrupted themselves, pouring resources into rockets and other useless machines...
Cooper: Useless machines?
Ms. Kelly: And if we don't want to repeat of the excess and wastefulness of the 20th Century then we need to teach our kids about this planet, not tales of leaving it.
Cooper: You know, one of those useless machines they used to make was called an MRI, and if we had any of those left the doctors would have been able to find the cyst in my wife's brain, *before* she died instead of after, and then she would've been the one sitting here, listening to this instead of me, which would've been a good thing because she was always the... calmer one.
CASE: Ranger 2, prepare to detach.
Brand: What! NO, NO! Cooper! Cooper, what are you doing?
Cooper: Newton's third law. You've got to leave something behind.
Brand: You said there were enough resources for both of us!
Cooper: We agreed, Dr. Brand... ninety percent.
Cooper: Tell him Murph. Make him stay. Make... Make him stay Murph. Make him stay Murph! Don't let me leave, Murph! Don't, don't let me leave Murph! NO, NO, NO, NO!
Murph: It was you. You were my ghost.
TARS: Cooper... Cooper... Come in, Cooper.
Cooper: TARS?
TARS: Roger that.
Cooper: You survived!
TARS: Somewhere, in their fifth dimension, they... saved us.
Cooper: Who the hell is they? Why would they want to help us, huh?
TARS: I don't know, but they constructed this three-dimensional space inside of their five-dimensional reality to allow you to understand it.
Cooper: Well, it ain't working.
TARS: Yes it is! You've seen that time is represented here as a *physical* dimension! You've worked out that you *can* exert a force across space-time!
Cooper: Gravity. To send a message.
TARS: Affirmative.
Cooper: Gravity can cross the dimensions, including time.
Young Murph: Why did you and mom name me after something that's bad?
Cooper: Well, we didn't.
Young Murph: Murphy's law?
Cooper: Murphy's law doesn't mean that something bad will happen. It means that whatever *can* happen, will happen. And that sounded just fine to us.
Brand: Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends time and space.
Doyle: We have a mission.
Cooper: Yeah, and our mission is to find a planet that can habitate the people living on Earth right now. Okay? Plan A does not work if the people on Earth are dead by the time we pull it off.
Dr. Brand: Not sure of what I'm more afraid of: them never coming back, or coming back to find we've failed.
Murph: Then let's succeed.
Doyle: You can't just think about your family. You have to think bigger than that.
Cooper: I'm thinking about my family and millions of other families.
Cooper: Okay. Now you need to tell me what your plan is to save the world.
Dr. Brand: We're not meant to save the world. We're meant to leave it.
Cooper: Rangers.
Dr. Brand: The last components of our one versatile ship in orbit, the Endurance. Our final expedition.
Cooper: You sent people out there looking for a new home?
Dr. Brand: The Lazarus missions.
Cooper: That sounds cheerful.
Dr. Brand: Lazarus came back from the dead.
Cooper: Sure, but he had to die in the first place. There's not a planet in our solar system that can sustain life and the nearest star is over a thousand years away, I mean, that doesn't even qualify as futile. Where'd you send them?
Dr. Brand: Cooper, I can't tell you any more, unless you agree to pilot this craft. You're the best pilot we ever had.
Cooper: And I barely left the stratosphere.
Dr. Brand: This team never left the simulator. We need a pilot, and this is the mission that you were trained for.
Cooper: What, without even knowing it? An hour ago, you didn't even know I was alive and you were going anyway.
Dr. Brand: We had no choice. But something sent you here. They chose you.
Cooper: Well who's "they"?
Cooper: How long would I be gone?
Dr. Brand: Hard to know. Years.
Cooper: I've got kids, professor.
Dr. Brand: Get out there, and save them.
Brand: Cooper, you can't ask TARS to do this for us.
Cooper: He's a robot. So you don't have to *ask* him to do anything.
Brand: Cooper, you asshole!
Cooper: Sorry, you broke up a little bit there.
TARS: It's what we intended, Dr. Brand. It's our only chance to save the people on Earth. If I can find a way to transmit the quantum data I'll find in there, they might still make it.
Cooper: I'm here now, Murph. I'm here.
Murph: No. No parent should have to watch their own child die. I have my kids here for me now. You go.
Cooper: Where?
Murph: Brand. She's... out there. Setting up camp. Alone, in a strange galaxy. Maybe right now, she's settling in for the long nap. By the light of our new sun. In our new home.
Cooper: Everybody ready to say goodbye to our solar system?
Romilly: To our galaxy.
Brand: You might have to decide between seeing your children again and the future of the human race.
Cooper: It's hard leaving everything... my kids, your father...
Brand: We're gonna be spending a lot of time together...
Cooper: We should learn to talk.
Brand: And when not to. Just being honest.
Cooper: I don't think you need to be *that* honest.
Doyle: Where's the rest?
Brand: Towards the mountains!
Cooper: Those aren't mountains... they're waves.
Brand: Oh shit. Oh shit!
Cooper: That one's moving away from us...
Brand: We need the recorder!
Cooper: Brand, Doyle, back to the Ranger, now!
Cooper: Oh we are not prepared for this. We have the survival skills of a Boy Scout troop!
Brand: Well we got this far on our brains, further than any human in history.
Cooper: Well not far enough! And now we're stuck *here*, until there won't be anyone on Earth left to save!
Brand: I'm counting every minute, same as you, Cooper.
Cooper: I love you, forever. You hear me? I love you forever. And I'm coming back. I'm coming back.
Young Murph: What are you gonna do with it?
Cooper: I'm going to give it something socially responsible to do. Like drive a combine.
Young Murph: Can't we just let it go? It wasn't hurting anybody.
Cooper: This thing needs to learn how to adapt, Murph. Like the rest of us.
Brand: Time is relative, okay? It can stretch and it can squeeze, but... it can't run backwards. Just can't. The only thing that can move across dimensions, like time, is gravity.
TARS: I wouldn't leave you behind... Dr. Brand.
Cooper: You'd do this for us?
TARS: Before you get all teary, try to remember that as a robot, I have to do anything you say.
Cooper: Your cue light's broken.
TARS: I'm not joking. *Flashes cue light*
Cooper: After you kids came along, your mom, she said something to me I never quite understood. She said, "Now, we're just here to be memories for our kids." I think now I understand what she meant. Once you're a parent, you're the ghost of your children's future.
Donald: Popcorn at a ball game is unnatural. I want a hot dog.
Cooper: We're still pioneers, we barely begun. Our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, cause our destiny lies above us.
Dr. Mann: You're feeling it, aren't you? The survival instinct. That's what drove me. It's what drives all of us. And it's what's gonna save us. Cause I'm gonna save all of us. For you, Cooper.
Brand: Couldn't you've told her you were going to save the world?
Cooper: No. When you become a parent, one thing becomes really clear. And that's that you want to make sure your children feel safe. And that rules out telling a 10-year old that the world's ending.
TARS: Cooper, they didn't bring us here to change the past.
Cooper: Say that again.
TARS: They didn't bring us here to change the past.
Cooper: But they didn't bring us here at all. We brought ourselves. TARS, give me the coordinates for NASA, in binary.
TARS: In binary, roger, feeding data.
Murph: It's not a ghost... it's gravity.
Cooper: Don't you get it yet, TARS? I brought myself here! We're here to communicate with the three-dimensional world! We're the bridge! I thought they chose me. But they didn't choose me, they chose her!
TARS: For what, Cooper?
Cooper: To save the world! All of this, is one little girl's bedroom, every moment! It's infinitely complex! They have access, to infinite time and space, but they're not *bound* by anything! They can't find a specific place *in* time, they can't communicate. That's why I'm here. I'm gonna find a way to tell Murph, just like I found this moment.
TARS: How, Cooper?
Cooper: Love, TARS, love. It's just like Brand said. My connection with Murph, it is quantifiable. It's the key!
TARS: What are we here to do?
Cooper: Find how to tell her... The watch... The watch. That's it. We code the data into the movement of the second hand. TARS, translate the data into Morse and feed it to me.
TARS: Translating data to Morse. Cooper, what if she never came back for it?
Cooper: She will. She will.
Getty: Murph I can see his car! He's coming, Murph!
Murph: Okay. I'm coming down!
TARS: How do you know?
Cooper: Because I gave it to her.
Murph: He came back! It was him! All this time, I didn't, I didn't know it was him! Dad's gonna save us!
Brand: Maybe we've spent too long trying to figure all this out with theory.
Cooper: You're a scientist, Brand.
Brand: So listen to me, when I say that love is not something we invented. It's observable, powerful. It has to mean something.
Cooper: Love has meaning, yes. Social utility, social bonding, child rearing...
Brand: We love people who've died. Where's the "social utility" in that?
Cooper: None.
Cooper: Well, this little maneuver's gonna cost us 51 years!
Brand: You don't sound so bad for a man pushing 120!
Dr. Mann: Don't judge me, Cooper. You were never tested like I was. Few men have been.
Principal: We didn't run out of planes and television sets. We ran out of food.
Young Murph: Dad?
Cooper: Sorry, Murph. Go back to bed.
Young Murph: I thought you were the ghost.
Cooper: There are no such things as ghosts, babe.
Young Murph: Grandpa says you can get ghosts.
Cooper: Maybe that's because Grandpa is a little too close to being one himself. Go back to bed.
Cooper: We wanna get down fast, don't we?
Brand: Actually we want to get there in one piece.
Cooper: Hang on.
Brand: I'm not gonna make it!
Cooper: Yes you are, yes you are!
Cooper: I'm coming back...
Young Murph: When?
Cooper: Cooper.
Computer: Messages span twenty-three years.
Cooper: Play from the beginning.
Young Tom: Hey, Dad. Checkin' in, sayin' hi. Um... finished second in school, Miss Carlin's still giving me Cs though. Pulled me down, but second's not bad. Grandpa attended the ceremony. Um... oh, I met another girl, dad. I, uh... I really think this is the one. Her name is Lois. That's her right there.
Young Tom: Murphy stole grandpa's car. She crashed it, she's okay though.
Tom: Hey, Dad. Look at this!
Tom: You're a grandpa. His name's Jesse. I kind of wanted to call him Coop, but, Lois says maybe next time.
Lois: Say bye-bye Grandpa. Bye-bye Grandpa.
Tom: Sorry it's been a while. Just... what with Jesse and all. Uh... grandpa died last week. We buried him out in the back plot next to mom and... Jesse. Just where we would've buried you if you'd ever... come back. Murph was there at the funeral. We don't see her that much, but she came for that.
Tom: You're not listening to this, I know that. All these messages are just... drifting out there in the darkness. Lois says that, uh... I have to let you go. And, uh... so, I guess... I'm letting you go. I don't know where you are, Dad. But I hope that wherever you are you're at peace. Goodbye.
Donald: In my day we had real ball players. Who are these bums?
Murph: How'd it go?
Cooper: I got you suspended.
Cooper: Look, I'm glad you're excited about gravity, bud, but you're not getting anymore answers until I get assurances.
Williams: Assurances?
Cooper: Yeah. Like that we're getting out of here. And I don't mean in the trunk of some car.
Ms. Kelly: Murph got into a fistfight with several of her classmates over this Apollo nonsense. So we thought it would be best to bring you in and see what ideas you might have for dealing with her behavior on the home front.
Cooper: Alright, yeah, you know what? There's a game tomorrow night. She's going through a bit of a baseball phase. Her favorite team's playing, There's gonna be candy and soda...
Cooper: I think I'll take her to that.
Young Murph: How'd it go?
Cooper: I got you suspended.
Romilly: Of all these anomalies, the most significant is this: out near Saturn, a disturbance of space-time.
Cooper: It's a wormhole?
Romilly: Appeared 48 years ago.
Cooper: And, it leads where?
Dr. Brand: Another galaxy.
Cooper: A wormhole's not a naturally occurring phenomenon...
Brand: Someone placed it there.
Cooper: "They."
Brand: And whoever they are, they appear to be looking out for us. That wormhole, lets us travel to other stars. Came along right as we needed it.
Doyle: They've put potentially habitable worlds right within our reach. Twelve, in fact, from our initial probes.
Cooper: You send probes into that?
Doyle: Mm-hm.
Dr. Brand: We sent *people* into it. Ten years ago.
Cooper: The Lazarus missions.
Dr. Brand: Twelve possible worlds, twelve Ranger launches, carrying the bravest humans ever to live. Led by the remarkable Dr. Mann.
Doyle: Each person's landing pod had enough life support for two years, but they could use hibernation to stretch that, making observations on organics over a decade or more. Their mission was to assess their world, and if it showed potential, then they could send out a signal, bed down for the long nap, wait to be rescued.
Cooper: And what if the world didn't show promise?
Doyle: Hence the bravery.
CASE: Cooper, this is no time for caution.
Cooper: Detach!
Brand: Goodbye TARS.
TARS: Good-bye Dr. Brand. See you on the other side Coop.
Cooper: See you there slick!
Cooper: Get the patch kit.
Young Tom: How am I supposed to patch it?
Cooper: Figure it out. I'm not always gonna be here to help you.
Murph: Hey Dad.
Cooper: Hey, Murph.
Murph: You son of a bitch. I never made one of these when you were still responding because I was so mad at you for leaving. And then when you went quiet, it felt like I should live with that decision, and I have. But today is my birthday. And it's a special one, because you told me... you once told me that when you come back we might be the same age. And today I'm the same age you were when you left.
Murph: So it would be a real good time for you to come back.
Cooper: Murph. You have to talk to me, Murph. I have to fix this, before I go.
Young Murph: I'll keep it broken so you have to stay.
Cooper: What happens if he blows the airlock?
TARS: Nothing good...
Dr. Mann: Do you see your children? It's okay. They're right there with you.
Young Murph: I worked out the message. One word. Know what it is? Stay. It says stay, Dad.
Cooper: It was me, Murph... I was your ghost.
Murph: I know. They didn't believe me, they thought I was doing it all myself. But...
Murph: I knew who it was.
Cooper: If we find a home, then what?
Cooper: Did it work?
TARS: I think it might have.
Cooper: How do you know?
TARS: Because, the bulk beings are closing the tesseract.
Cooper: Don't you get it yet, TARS? They're not *beings*... they're us! What I've been doing for Murph, they're doing for me, for all of us.
TARS: Cooper, people couldn't build this.
Cooper: No. No, not yet. But one day. Not you and me, but a people, a civilization that's evolved beyond the four dimensions we know.
Cooper: What happens now?
Dr. Mann: This is not about my life, or Cooper's life; this is about all mankind!
Cooper: We'll find a way, Professor, we always have.
Dr. Brand: Driven by the unshakeable faith, the Earth is ours?
Cooper: Not just ours, no. But it is our home.
Donald: When I was a kid, it seemed like they made something new every day. Some, gadget or idea, like every day was Christmas. But six billion people, just imagine that. And every last one of them trying to have it all. This world isn't so bad. You're the one who doesn't belong. Born forty years too late, or forty years too early... My daughter knew it, God bless her. And your kids know it. Especially Murph.
Murph: Well, my dad was a farmer. Um, like everybody else back then. Of course, he didn't start that way.
Getty: You have an idea?
Murph: A feeling. I told you about my ghost. My dad thought I called it a ghost, because I was scared of it. But I was never scared of it. I called it a ghost, because it felt... it felt like a person; like it was trying to tell me something. If there's an answer here on earth it's back there, somehow in that room.
Cooper: CASE, what's the problem?
CASE: Too waterlogged. Let it drain.
Cooper: GODDAMN IT!
Brand: I told you to leave me.
Cooper: And I told you to get your ass back here!
Brand: Why didn't you leave me?
Cooper: The difference is one of us was thinking about the mission, Brand!
Brand: Cooper, you were thinking about getting home! I was trying to do the right thing!
Cooper: You tell that to Doyle!
Dr. Mann: Your father had to find another way to save the human race from extinction. Plan B. A colony.
Brand: But why not tell people? Why keep building those damn stations?
Dr. Mann: Because he knew how hard it would be to get people to work together to save the species instead of themselves.
Cooper: Bullshit.
Dr. Mann: You never would have come here unless you believed you were going to save them. Evolution has yet to transcend that simple barrier. We can care deeply - selflessly - about those we know, but that empathy rarely extends beyond our line of sight.
Brand: But the lie... that monstrous lie...
Dr. Mann: Unforgivable. And he knew that. He was prepared to destroy his own humanity in order to save the species. He made an incredible sacrifice...
Cooper: No. No, the incredible sacrifice is being made by the people on Earth who are gonna die! Because in his fucking arrogance he declared their case hopeless.
Dr. Mann: I'm sorry Cooper. Their case... is hopeless.
Cooper: No... no.
Dr. Mann: We are the future.
Murph: He came back! It was him! All this time... I... I didn't know it was him. Dad's gonna save us!
Cooper: We agreed Amelia. 90%.
Brand: Why didn't you sleep?
Romilly: Oh, I had a couple of stretches. I stopped believing you were coming back. Something seemed wrong about dreaming my life away.
Murph: Eureka!
Dr. Brand: Our atmosphere is 80 percent nitrogen. We don't even breathe nitrogen. Blight does, and as it thrives, our air gets less and less oxygen. The last people to starve, will be the first to suffocate. And your daughter's generation will be the last to survive on Earth.
Dr. Mann: I don't know how long I have been here...
Dr. Mann: I'm sorry. I can't watch you go through this. I'm sorry. I thought I could, but I can't. I'm here. I'm here for you. Just listen to my voice, Cooper. I'm right here. You're not alone.
Dr. Mann: Do you see your children? It's okay, they're right there with you.
Dr. Mann: Did Professor Brand tell you that poem before you left? Do you remember? "Do not go gentle... into that good night. Old age should burn and rave at close of day. Rage, rage against the dying of the light."
Cooper: MURPH! HELP! HELP!
Cooper: Cooper? CASE! Go! Go!
Cooper: No... No air... ammonia...
Brand: Cooper, we're coming! Hang in there, don't talk! Try to breathe as little as possible, we're almost there!
Brand: Very graceful.
Cooper: No. But very efficient.
Brand: Hello, Rom.
Romilly: I've waited years.
Cooper: How... How many years?
Romilly: By now it must be...
TARS: It's twenty-three years, four months, eight days.
Romilly: Doyle?
Brand: I thought I was prepared. I knew the theory, I... Reality's different.
Romilly: Miller?
Brand: There's nothing here for us.
Brand: Dr. Mann, do not open the inner hatch. I repeat, do not open the inner hatch! I repeat, do not open...
Dr. Mann: Brand? I don't know what he said to you, but I am taking command of the Endurance, and then we can talk about completing the mission.
Brand: Dr. Mann, listen to me...
Dr. Mann: This is not about my life, or Cooper's life; this is about all mankind!
Dr. Mann: There is a moment...
Romilly: What is that?
Brand: I think it's them.
Doyle: Don't, don't!
Romilly: What was that?
Brand: First handshake.
Dr. Mann: A machine doesn't improvise well because you cannot program a fear of death.
Dr. Mann: Our survival instinct is our greatest source of inspiration.
Doyle: Potentially habitable worlds right within our reach.
Brand: Could save us from extinction.
Dr. Mann: Pray you never learn just how good it can be to see another face...
Brand: Very graceful.
Cooper: No. But very efficient.
Cooper: What are you waiting for? Let's go. Go, go, go, go go! Seven years per hour here. Let's make it count.
TARS: Sir, I'm having trouble completing the bootup.
Romilly: I don't understand.
TARS: There is a security lockout, sir, it requires a person to access function. It's all yours, sir.
Romilly: This data makes no sense.
Cooper: I'm sorry.
Brand: What?
Cooper: Mann... was lying! Go, go! Romilly!
Brand: Romilly! Romilly, do you read me, Romilly? Romilly!
TARS: Step back professor! STEP BACK!
TARS: Cooper, There's no point using fuel to chase...
Cooper: Analyze the Endurance's spin
Dr. Brand: Cooper, what are you doing?
Cooper: Docking.
Cooper: Disengage Endurance Two
Cooper: CASE! How much time?
CASE: 45 to an hour.
Cooper: Agh!
Cooper: The stuff of life, huh? What's this gonna cost us, Brand?
Brand: A lot. Decades.
Cooper: God... What happened to Miller?
Brand: Judging by the... wreckage, she was broken up by a wave soon after impact.
Cooper: How does the wreckage stay together after all these years, huh?
Brand: Because of the time slippage. On this planet's time, she just landed hours ago, she... she probably just died minutes ago.
Romilly: This... data makes no sense.
Cooper: Who's they?
Brand: We love people who have died. Where's the social utility in that?
Cooper: None.
Brand: Maybe it means something more, something we can't... yet, understand. Maybe it's some evidence, some... artifact of a higher dimension that we can't consciously perceive. I'm drawn across the universe to someone I haven't seen in a decade... who I know is probably dead. Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving... that transcends dimensions of time and space. Maybe we should trust that, even if we can't understand it yet. All right, Cooper... yes... the tiniest possibility of seeing Wolf again excites me. That doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Cooper: Honestly, Amelia... it might. TARS, chart a course for Dr. Mann's.
CASE: We should ease.
Cooper: Hands where I can see 'em, CASE! The only time I ever went down was when a machine was easing at the wrong time.
CASE: A little caution...
Cooper: Will get you killed, just like reckless driving.
Doyle: Cooper, it's too damn fast!
Cooper: I got this.
CASE: Should I disable the feedback?
Cooper: No. I need to feel the air.
Cooper: I'm sorry.
Brand: What?
Cooper: Mann... was lying!
Cooper: Any trick to this, Doyle?
Doyle: No one knows.
Cooper: Well, the others made it, right?
Doyle: ...at least some of them.
Cooper: Come on, TARS!
Lois: Murph, are you done eating or would you like some more souffle?
Murph: I'm full, thanks. It was delicious.
Lois: Will you spend the night? Your room is exactly how you left it, it's ready, just...
Murph: No, I have to get back.
Lois: My sewing machine's in there but there's...
Murph: I, I have to... just... too many memories.
Young Murph: You wouldn't be here if it weren't for me.
Cooper: Mann was lying.
Murph: Nobody believed me, but I knew you'd come back.
Cooper: How?
Murph: ...Because my dad promised me.
Cooper: What's your trust setting, TARS?
TARS: Lower than yours, apparently
Cooper: Dr. Mann there's a 50/50 chance your gonna kill yourself.
Dr. Mann: Those are the best odds I've had in years.
Cooper: You fucking coward.
Dr. Mann: ...There is a moment...
    