
911 Operator: 911 emergency...
Ben Thomas: I need an ambulance.
911 Operator: I have you at 9212 West Third Street in Los Angeles.
Ben Thomas: Yes, room number 2.
911 Operator: What's the emergency?
Ben Thomas: There's been a suicide.
911 Operator: Who's the victim?
Ben Thomas: I am.
Ben Thomas: In seven days, God created the world. And in seven seconds, I shattered mine.
George Ristuccia: You know, Ben, I keep asking you this but why me?
Ben Thomas: Because you are a good man.
George Ristuccia: No, really.
Ben Thomas: Even when you don't know that people are watching you.
Ben Thomas: The first time I ever saw a box jellyfish, I was twelve. Our father took us to the Monterey Bay Aquarium. I never forgot what he said... That it was the most deadly creature on earth. To me it was just the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.
Larry: Hey, how much longer are you gonna stay in my hotel?
Ben Thomas: Motel.
Larry: How much longer?
Ben Thomas: Actually, I was planning on dying here.
Larry: Well, then you need to pay in advance.
Emily Posa: Do you wanna play a game?
Ben Thomas: What game?
Emily Posa: The "what if" game.
Ben Thomas: The "what if" game.
Emily Posa: What if... my pager goes off... and it's a heart... and... it works? And my body doesn't reject it? And... what if i have time?
Ben Thomas: What if? What if we have children? What if we got married?
Ben Thomas: I lied to you, I think about dying every day.
Ben Thomas: "Unremarkable" would be an upgrade for me, I assure you.
Ezra Turner: I don't think she sees me.
Ben Thomas: It is within my power to drastically change his cirumstances, but I don't want to give that man a gift he doesn't deserve.
Emily Posa: Why do I get the feeling you're doing me a really big favor?
Ben Thomas: Because I get the feeling that you really deserve it.
Ben Thomas: He seemed to be really enjoying it.
Emily Posa: He eats steamed broccoli and tofu.
Ben Thomas: Why?
Emily Posa: He's a vegetarian.
Ezra Turner: You must be Emily. It's so nice to meet you.
Ben Thomas: I did something really bad once and I'm never gonna be the same!
Ben Thomas: I haven't treated myself very well.
Emily Posa: Start now.
Emily Posa: Why do I get the feeling you're doing me a really big favor?
Ben Thomas: Becasue I get the feeling that you really deserve it.
Dan: Hello?
Ben Thomas: It's time.
Ben Thomas: I was planning on dying here.
Larry: Then you'll have to pay in advance!
Ben Thomas: I love you.     