
Chet Duncan: Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss; but every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent, and once you do, nothing will ever compare.
Juli Baker: Somehow the silence seemed to connect us in a way like words never could.
Juli Baker: I guess it's something about his eyes or maybe his smile.
Richard Baker: And what about him?
Juli Baker: What?
Richard Baker: You have to look at the whole landscape.
Juli Baker: What does that mean?
Richard Baker: A painting is more than the sum of it's parts. A cow by itself is just A cow. A meadow by itself is just grass, flowers. And the sun picking through the trees, is just a beam of light. But you put them all together and it can be magic.
Bryce Loski: Strange, here I was having lunch with the hottest girl in school, but I was miserable. Because less than twenty feet away from me was Juli, my Juli, with Eddie Trulock. She's laughing; what was she laughing about? How could she sit there and laugh, and look so beautiful?
Bryce Loski: When she walked out of the door, I felt back to the first time I saw her. How could anybody, ever, have wanted to run away from Juli Baker?
Juli Baker: He looked at me with those eyes, those once again dazzling eyes. And I knew that Bryce Loski is still walking around with my first kiss. But it wouldn't be long.
Chet Duncan: You know, Bryce... once's character is set at an early age. I'd hate to see you swim out so far you can't swim back.
Bryce Loski: Sir?
Chet Duncan: It's about honesty, son. Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning... can save a whole lot of pain down the road.
Bryce Loski: She's laughing. How could she sit there and laugh and look so beautiful?
Dana Tressler: The only bee you're attracting is B-R-Y-C-E. I'm telling you, that boy is lost in Loveland.
Juli Baker: As we stood there, I realized that all these years we'd never really talked. But that day we started.
Bryce Loski: And I knew we'd be talking for a long time.
Garrett: Hey! Have you flipped? Whats the matter with you?
Garrett: Are you freaking mental? Juli Baker? You hate her.
Bryce Loski: That's whats so weird, I don't think I do.
Bryce Loski: The way she ignore me was a constant reminder that I've been a jerk.
Bryce Loski: They are all chickens.
Chet Duncan: I'm proud of you Bryce, you overcame your fear, you talked to her
Bryce Loski: Oh yeah... it's no big deal.
Steven Loski: That's what she told you? They're all chickens?
Bryce Loski: Yeah.
Steven Loski: She's a genius. You're both geniuses. Of course they are all chickens, a rooster is a chicken. The question is, is one of them a rooster or are they all hens?
Bryce Loski: Hens? Who said anything about hens? Then it hit me... Garrett didn't know jack shit about chickens.
Bryce Loski: Flat, glossy, iridescent? What the hell does that mean? Juli Baker has always seem plain to me. Until now.
Juli Baker: His hair smelled just like watermelon.
Bryce Loski: Juli, I'm sorry.
Juli Baker: No. You're not.
Bryce Loski: There was a... bee in her hair.
Dana Tressler: There's no bee.
Chet Duncan: You know, Bryce... one's character is set at an early age. I'd hate to see you swim out so far you can't swim back.
Bryce Loski: Sir?
Chet Duncan: It's about honesty, son. Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning... can save a whole lot of pain down the road.
Juli Baker: Bryce, you should come up here. It's so beautiful.
Bryce Loski: All I ever wanted was for Juli Baker to leave me alone.
Chet Duncan: Some of us get dipped in flat, sone in satin, some in gloss.
Chet Duncan: Every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent; and when you do, nothing will ever compare.
Bryce Loski: Is that a rooster?
Garrett: Nah, that looks like a chicken.
Bryce Loski: How do you know?
Garrett: It just does.
Young Juli: Bryce! You're here!
    