
Duane Steinbrink: I don't know what to do. Yeah, well, you gotta ask yourself, "What can I live with, and what can I die without?"
Duane Steinbrink: If you're looking for sympathy, the only place you're going to find it is in the dictionary, somewhere between shit and syphilis.
Amanda Marsh: I've had to learn to live my life without needing you, and now you're pissed at me?
Amanda Marsh: You got something to say to me before you walk out that door?
Eric Marsh: Well, I guess I said some shit last night I shouldn't have.
Amanda Marsh: Yeah. You did. Why?
Eric Marsh: Because.
Amanda Marsh: Because what?
Eric Marsh: 'Cause... you're smarter than I am, especially when we squabble. And it pisses me off.
Amanda Marsh: Well, I can appreciate that.
Eric Marsh: I bet you can.
Duane Steinbrink: There are two things that will make the mayor move. Fear and greed.
Marvel Steinbrink: It's not easy sharing your man with a fire.
Duane Steinbrink: I know you boys are looking for sympathy. You'll find that in the dictionary somewhere between shit and syphilis.
Eric Marsh: The world's full of people taking chances.
Eric Marsh: Fire's making a run for our line, and by the time she gets here she's going to be too strong to hold. Gonna crown that ridge, spot over and run straight into town. If we back burn this side of the mountain, by the time that bitch comes over it won't have no fuel to feed into.
Evaluator Hayes: That's a godawful idea. All the conditions favor the fire, and when that blaze comes down that mountain it's gonna kick your ass and use your burn to get even stronger, we won't be able to stop it.
Eric Marsh: Well our line's not gonna hold unless we burn it off.
Evaluator Hayes: Well then slow it down until we get more resources up here.
Eric Marsh: What you don't understand sir...
Evaluator Hayes: What you don't understand is forty years, son. I was on the job when you were still shitin' yellow, so if you think you're gonna to make a big move and impress me, i'm tellin' you right now, don't!
Eric Marsh: Due respect sir, you are just an observer, so let us do our job...
Evaluator Hayes: No, you...
Eric Marsh: No no no! Step off, now! Step... off!
Jesse Steed: Pick that up, Mac.
Christopher MacKenzie: Just because you gotta crack in your ass don't make you a cripple, Jesse, you pick it up.
Eric Marsh: Wanna piece of my Carolina ass?     