
Steve Rogers: Thor, what's his play?
Thor: He has an army, called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth. In return, I suspect, for the Tesseract.
Steve Rogers: An army. From outer space.
Bruce Banner: So he's building another portal. That's what he needs Erik Selvig for.
Thor: Selvig?
Bruce Banner: He's an astrophysicist.
Thor: He's a friend.
Natasha Romanoff: Loki has them under some kind of spell. Along with one of ours.
Steve Rogers: I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He's not leading an army from here.
Bruce Banner: I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him.
Thor: Have a care how you speak! Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard and he is my brother!
Natasha Romanoff: He killed eighty people in two days.
Thor: He's adopted.
Loki: Enough! You are, all of you are beneath me! I am a god, you dull creature, and I will not be bullied by...
The Hulk: Puny god.
Loki: The Chitauri are coming. Nothing will change that. What have I to fear?
Tony Stark: The Avengers. That's what we call ourselves; we're sort of like a team. "Earth's Mightiest Heroes" type thing.
Loki: Yes, I've met them.
Tony Stark: Yeah, takes us a while to get any traction, I'll give you that one. But let's do a head count here: your brother the demi-god; a super soldier, a living legend who kind of lives up to the legend; a man with breath-taking anger management issues; a couple of master assassins, and YOU, big fella, you've managed to piss off every single one of them.
Loki: That was the plan.
Tony Stark: Not a great plan. When they come, and they WILL, they'll come for you.
Loki: I have an army.
Tony Stark: We have a Hulk.
Loki: I thought the beast had wandered off...
Tony Stark: You're missing the point! There's no throne, there is no version of this where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it's too much for us but it's all on you. Because if we can't protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we'll avenge it!
Tony Stark: What's the stat, Rogers?
Steve Rogers: It seems to be powered by some sort of electricity!
Tony Stark: ...well, you're not wrong.
Iron Man: Call it, Captain!
Captain America: Alright, listen up. Until we can close that portal, our priority's containment. Barton, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the perimeter. Anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or you turn it to ash.
Hawkeye: Want to give me a lift?
Iron Man: Right. Better clench up, Legolas.
Captain America: Thor, you gotta try and bottleneck that portal. Slow 'em down. You got the lightning. Light the bastards up.
Captain America: You and me, we stay here on the ground, keep the fighting here. And Hulk?
Captain America: Smash!
Security Guard: Are you an alien?
Bruce Banner: What?
Security Guard: From outer space, an alien.
Bruce Banner: No.
Security Guard: Well then son, you've got a condition.
Steve Rogers: What's the matter, scared of a little lightning?
Loki: I'm not overly fond of what follows...
Faceless Pilot: Target acquired.
Faceless Pilot: Target engaged.
Faceless Pilot: TARGET ANGRY! TARGET ANGRY!
Loki: Kneel before me. I said, KNEEL!
Loki: Is not this simpler? Is this not your natural state? It's the unspoken truth of humanity, that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity. You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel.
German Old Man: Not to men like you.
Loki: There are no men like me.
German Old Man: There are *always* men like you.
Loki: Look to your elder, people. Let him be an example.
Steve Rogers: You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing.
Loki: The soldier. A man out of time.
Steve Rogers: I'm not the one who's out of time.
Tony Stark: That man is playing Galaga! Thought we wouldn't notice. But we did.
Thor: Do not touch me again!
Tony Stark: Then don't take my stuff.
Thor: You have no idea what you are dealing with.
Tony Stark: Uh, Shakespeare in The Park? Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?
Thor: This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice.
Tony Stark: He gives up the Cube, he's all yours. Until then, stay out of the way, tourist.
Tony Stark: He made it personal.
Steve Rogers: That's not the point.
Tony Stark: That IS the point. That's Loki's point! He hit us all right where we live. Why?
Steve Rogers: To tear us apart.
Tony Stark: Yeah, divide and conquer is great, but he knows he has to take us out to win, right? THAT'S what he wants. He wants to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience.
Steve Rogers: Right. I caught his act at Stuttgart.
Tony Stark: Yeah, that was just previews. This is - this is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tilt diva, right? He wants flowers, he wants parades. He wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered...
Tony Stark: Sonofabitch!
Natasha Romanoff: This is just like Budapest all over again.
Clint Barton: You and I remember Budapest very differently.
Thor: Where is the Tesseract?
Loki: I missed you too.
Thor: Do I look to be in a gaming mood?
Loki: Oh, you should thank me. With the Bifrost gone, how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here, your precious Earth?
Thor: I thought you dead.
Loki: Did you mourn?
Thor: We all did. Our father...
Loki: YOUR father! He DID tell you my true parentage, did he not?
Thor: We were raised together, we played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that?
Loki: I remember a shadow, living in the shade of your greatness. I remember you tossing me into an abyss, I who was and should be king!
Thor: So you take the world I love as recompense for your imagined slights? No, the Earth is under MY protection, Loki!
Loki: And you're doing a marvelous job with that! The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you ideally threat. I mean to rule them. And why should I not?
Thor: You think yourself above them?
Loki: Well, yes.
Thor: Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. A throne would suit you ill.
Loki: I've seen worlds you've never known about! I have grown, Odin's Son, in my exile! I have seen the true power of the Tesseract, and when I wield it...
Thor: Who showed you this power? Who controls the would-be-king?
Loki: I AM a king!
Thor: Not here! You give up the Tesseract! You give up this pointless dream!... You come home.
Loki: ...I don't have it.
Loki: You need the cube to bring me home, but I've sent it off, I know not where.
Thor: You listen well, brother. I...
Loki: I'm listening.
Steve Rogers: Big man in a suit of armour. Take that off, what are you?
Tony Stark: Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
Steve Rogers: I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.
Tony Stark: I think I would just cut the wire.
Steve Rogers: Always a way out... You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.
Tony Stark: A hero? Like you? You're a lab rat, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle!
Steve Rogers: Put on the suit. Let's go a few rounds.
Steve Rogers: Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?
Bruce Banner: He'd have to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier.
Tony Stark: Unless Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunnelling effect.
Bruce Banner: Well, if he could do that, he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet.
Tony Stark: Finally, someone who speaks English.
Steve Rogers: Is that what just happened?
Tony Stark: It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner. Your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.
Bruce Banner: Thanks.
Nick Fury: Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube. I was hoping you might join him.
Steve Rogers: Let's start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon.
Nick Fury: I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube. And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.
Thor: Monkeys? I do not understand.
Steve Rogers: I do!
Steve Rogers: I understood that reference.
Steve Rogers: Stark, we need a plan of attack!
Tony Stark: I have a plan: attack!
Natasha Romanoff: I'd sit this one out, Cap.
Steve Rogers: I don't see how I can.
Natasha Romanoff: These guys come from legend. They're basically gods.
Steve Rogers: There's only one God, ma'am, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that.
Pepper Potts: Is this about the Avengers? Which I know nothing about.
Tony Stark: The Avengers initiative was scrapped, I thought. And I didn't even qualify.
Pepper Potts: I didn't know that either.
Tony Stark: Apparently I'm volatile, self-obsessed, and don't play well with others.
Pepper Potts: That I did know.
Nick Fury: You think you could make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is?
Thor: I do not know. Loki's mind is far afield. It's not just power he craves, it's vengeance, upon me. There's no pain would prise his need from him.
Nick Fury: A lot of guys think that. Until the pain starts.
Thor: What are you asking me to do?
Nick Fury: I'm asking, what are you prepared to do?
Thor: Loki is a prisoner.
Nick Fury: Then why do I feel like he's the only person on this boat that wants to be here?
Agent Phil Coulson: Mr Stark, we need to talk.
Tony Stark: You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message.
Agent Phil Coulson: This is urgent.
Tony Stark: Then leave it urgently.
Tony Stark: Security breach.
Tony Stark: That's on you.
Agent Phil Coulson: Mr Stark.
Pepper Potts: Phil! Come in.
Tony Stark: "Phil?" Uh, his first name is "Agent."
Waitress: Waiting on the big guy?
Steve Rogers: Ma'am?
Waitress: Iron Man. A lot of people eat here just to see him fly by.
Steve Rogers: Right. Maybe another time.
Waitress: The table's yours as long as you like. Nobody's waiting on it. Plus we've got free wireless.
Steve Rogers: Radio?
Stan Lee: Ask for her number, you moron.
Loki: Please tell me you're going to appeal to my humanity
Tony Stark: Uh, actually I'm planning to threaten you.
Loki: You should have left your armor on for that.
Tony Stark: Yeah. It's seen a bit of "mileage" and you got the "glow-stick of destiny". Would you like a drink?
Loki: Stalling me won't change anything
Tony Stark: No, no no, threatening! No drink? You sure? I'm having one.
Tony Stark: What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me.
Steve Rogers: We won.
Tony Stark: Alright. Hey. Alright. Good job, guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day. Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.
Loki: If it's all the same to you, I'll have that drink now.
Steve Rogers: Stark, are you seeing any of this?
Tony Stark: Seeing, still working on believing.
Tony Stark: How does Fury even see these?
Maria Hill: He turns.
Tony Stark: Sounds exhausting.
Jarvis: Power to four-hundred percent capacity.
Tony Stark: How about that?
Tony Stark: You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?
World Security Council: Director Fury, the council has made a decision.
Nick Fury: I recognise the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid-ass decision, I've elected to ignore it.
World Security Council: It's a nuclear missile to take out the portal!
Nick Fury: Situated at the island of MANHATTAN!
Thor: I thought humans were more evolved than this.
Nick Fury: Excuse me, did WE come to YOUR planet and blow stuff up?
Natasha Romanoff: Are you really that dense? S.H.I.E.L.D. monitors potential threats.
Bruce Banner: Captain America is on threat watch?
Natasha Romanoff: We ALL are!
Tony Stark: You're on that list? Are you above or below angry bees?
Steve Rogers: I swear, Stark, one more wisecrack out of you...
Tony Stark: Verbal threat! Threatening! I'm being threatened!
Tony Stark: You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart.
Tony Stark: This stops it. This little circle of light. It's part of me now, not just armor. It's a... terrible privilege.
Bruce Banner: But you can control it.
Tony Stark: Because I learned how.
Bruce Banner: It's different.
Tony Stark: Hey, I've read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you.
Bruce Banner: So you're saying that the Hulk... the other guy... saved my life? That's nice. It's a nice sentiment. Save it for what?
Tony Stark: I guess we'll find out.
Bruce Banner: You might not like that.
Tony Stark: You just might.
Natasha Romanoff: I want to know what you've done to Agent Barton.
Loki: I would say I've expanded his mind.
Natasha Romanoff: And once you've won, once you're king of the mountain, what happens to his mind?
Loki: Oh. Is this love, Agent Romanoff?
Natasha Romanoff: Love is for children. I owe him a debt.
Loki: Tell me.
Natasha Romanoff: Before I worked for SHIELD, I, uh... Well, I made a name for myself. I have a very specific skill set. I didn't care who I used it for, or on. I got on SHIELD's radar in a bad way. Agent Barton was sent to kill me. He made a different call.
Loki: And what will you do if I vow to spare him?
Natasha Romanoff: Not let you out.
Loki: No, but I like this. Your world in the balance, and you bargain for one man.
Natasha Romanoff: Regimes fall every day. I tend not to weep over that, I'm Russian... or was.
Loki: And what are you now?
Natasha Romanoff: It's really not that complicated. I've got red in my ledger, I'd like to wipe it out.
Loki: Can you? Can you wipe out that much red? Dreykov's daughter, Sao Paulo, the hospital fire?
Loki: Barton told me everything. Your ledger is dripping, it's GUSHING red, and you think saving a man no more virtuous than yourself will change anything? This is the basest sentimentality. This is a child at prayer... PATHETIC! You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers. You pretend to be separate, to have your own code. Something that makes up for the horrors. But they are a part of you, and they will never go away!... I won't touch Barton. Not until I make him kill you!
Loki: Slowly, intimately, in every way he knows you fear! And then he'll wake just long enough to see his good work, and when he screams, I'll split his skull! This is MY bargain, you mewling quim!
Natasha Romanoff: You're a monster!
Loki: Oh no, you brought the monster.
Natasha Romanoff: So, Banner... that's your play.
Loki: ...What?
Natasha Romanoff: Loki means to unleash the Hulk. Keep Banner in the lab, I'm on my way. Send Thor as well.
Natasha Romanoff: Thank you... for your cooperation.
Steve Rogers: Doctor Banner, now might be a good time for you to get angry.
Bruce Banner: That's my secret, Captain: I'm always angry.
Thor: I have unfinished business with Loki.
Clint Barton: Yeah? Get in line.
Stan Lee: Superheroes? In New York? Give me a break!
Loki: How will your friends have time for me, when they're so busy fighting you?
Loki: This usually works...
Tony Stark: Well, performance issues, it's not uncommon. One out of five...
Bruce Banner: So... this all seems horrible.
Black Widow: I've seen worse.
Bruce Banner: Sorry.
Black Widow: No, we could... use... a little worse.
Tony Stark: Make a move, Reindeer Games...
Tony Stark: Good move.
Steve Rogers: Mr. Stark.
Tony Stark: Captain.
Agent Phil Coulson: You're at 114 Solenski Plaza, 3rd floor. We have an F-22 exactly eight miles out. Put the woman on the phone or I will blow up the block before you can make the lobby.
Agent Phil Coulson: We need you to come in.
Natasha Romanoff: Are you kidding? I'm working.
Agent Phil Coulson: This takes precedence.
Natasha Romanoff: I'm in the middle of an interrogation. This moron is giving me everything.
Georgi Luchkov: I don't... give everything.
Natasha Romanoff: Look, you can't pull me out of this right now
Agent Phil Coulson: Natasha, Barton's been compromised.
Natasha Romanoff: Let me put you on hold.
Natasha Romanoff: Gentlemen, you might want to step inside in a minute. It's going to get a little hard to breathe.
Steve Rogers: Is this a submarine?
Bruce Banner: Really? They want me submerged in a pressurized metal container?
Bruce Banner: Oh, no, this is MUCH worse!
Natasha Romanoff: Doctor, we're facing a potential global catastrophe.
Bruce Banner: Well, THOSE I actively try to avoid.
Natasha Romanoff: This is the Tesseract.
Natasha Romanoff: It has the potential energy to wipe out the planet.
Bruce Banner: What does Fury want me to do? Swallow it?
Natasha Romanoff: Well, he wants you to find it. It's been taken. It omits a gamma signature that's too weak for us to trace. There's no one that knows gamma radiation like you do. If there was, that's where I'd be.
Bruce Banner: So Fury isn't after the monster?
Natasha Romanoff: Not that he's told me.
Bruce Banner: And he tells you everything?
Natasha Romanoff: Talk to Fury, he needs you on this.
Bruce Banner: He needs me in a cage?
Natasha Romanoff: No one's gonna put you in a...
Bruce Banner: STOP LYING TO ME!
Bruce Banner: I'm sorry, that was mean. I just wanted to see what you'd do. Why don't we do this the easy way, where you don't use that, and the other guy doesn't make a mess? Okay?
Bruce Banner: Natasha?
Natasha Romanoff: Stand down. We're good here.
Bruce Banner: Just you and me?
Thor: You people are so petty... and tiny.
Tony Stark: I thought we were having a moment.
Pepper Potts: I was having 12% of a moment.
Tony Stark: What else you got?
Clint Barton: Well, Thor's taking on a squadron down on Sixth.
Tony Stark: And he didn't invite me...
Tony Stark: JARVIS, have you heard the tale of Jonah?
Jarvis: I wouldn't consider him a role model.
Steve Rogers: Stark? We got him.
Tony Stark: Banner...?
Steve Rogers: Just like you said.
Tony Stark: Then tell him to suit up... I'm bringing the party to you.
Natasha Romanoff: I - I don't see how that's a party.
Steve Rogers: When I went under, the world was at war. I wake up, they say we won. They didn't say what we lost.
Nick Fury: We've made some mistakes along the way. Some, very recently.
Steve Rogers: Are you here with a mission, sir?
Nick Fury: I am.
Steve Rogers: Trying to get me back in the world?
Nick Fury: Trying to save it.
Steve Rogers: HYDRA's secret weapon.
Nick Fury: Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you. He thought what we think: the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That's something the world sorely needs.
Steve Rogers: Who took it from you?
Nick Fury: He's called Loki. He's not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know.
Steve Rogers: At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me.
Nick Fury: Ten bucks says you're wrong. There's a debriefing packet waiting for you at your apartment. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?
Steve Rogers: You should have left it in the ocean.
Steve Rogers: Hey! That's enough!
Steve Rogers: Now, I don't know what you plan on doing here.
Thor: I've come here to put and end to Loki's schemes!
Steve Rogers: Then prove it! Put the hammer down.
Tony Stark: Um, yeah, no! Bad call! He loves his hammer!
Thor: You want me to put the hammer down?
Steve Rogers: Are we done here?
Steve Rogers: Is everything a joke to you?
Tony Stark: Funny things are.
Natasha Romanoff: Clint, you're gonna be alright.
Clint Barton: You know that? Is that what you know? I got... I gotta go in though. I gotta flush him out.
Natasha Romanoff: You gotta level out, that's gonna take time.
Clint Barton: You don't understand. Have you ever had someone take your brain and play? Take you out and stuff something else in? You know what it's like to be unmade?
Natasha Romanoff: You know that I do.
Clint Barton: Why am I back? How'd you get him out?
Natasha Romanoff: Cognitive re-calibration. I hit you really hard in the head.
Clint Barton: Thanks.
Nick Fury: Having trouble sleeping?
Steve Rogers: I've been asleep for 70 years. I think I've had enough rest.
Captain America: You need men in these buildings. There are people inside and they're going to be running right into the line of fire. You take them to the basements, or through the subway. You keep them off the streets. I need a perimeter as far back as 39th.
Police Sergeant: Why the hell should I take orders from you?
Police Sergeant: I need men in those buildings. Lead the people down and away from the streets. We're going to set up a perimeter all the way down 39th Street.
Loki: Please don't. I still need that.
Nick Fury: This doesn't have to get any messier.
Loki: Of course it does. I've come too far anything else. I am Loki, of Asgard and I am burdened with glorious purpose.
Selvig: Loki, brother of Thor.
Nick Fury: We have no quarrel with your people.
Loki: An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
Nick Fury: Are you planning to step on us?
Loki: I come with glad tidings of a world made free.
Nick Fury: Free from what?
Loki: Freedom. Freedom is life's great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart...
Loki: ...you will know peace.
Nick Fury: Yeah, you say "peace," I kind of think you mean the other thing.
Clint Barton: Sir, Director Fury is stalling. This place is about to blow and drop a hundred feet of rock on us. He means to bury us.
Nick Fury: Like the pharaohs of old.
Selvig: He's right. The portal is collapsing in on itself. We've got maybe two minutes before this goes critical.
Loki: Well, then...
Thor: We on Asgard pretend that we are more advanced, but we, we come here battling like Bilgesnipe.
Agent Phil Coulson: Like what?
Thor: The Bilgesnipe, you know; huge, scaly, big antlers. You don't have those?
Agent Phil Coulson: Don't think so.
Thor: They are repulsive, and they trample everything in their path.
Tony Stark: I'm not afraid to hit an old man.
Tony Stark: Why did Fury call us in? Why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables.
Steve Rogers: You think Fury's hiding something?
Tony Stark: He's a spy. Captain. He's THE spy. His secrets have secrets.
Tony Stark: An intelligence agency that FEARS intelligence? Historically, not awesome.
Steve Rogers: We have orders, we should follow them.
Tony Stark: Following's not really my style.
Steve Rogers: And you're all about style, aren't you?
Tony Stark: Of the people in this room, which one is A - wearing a spangly outfit and B - not of use?
Tony Stark: Well, I got his attention. What the hell was step two?
Pepper Potts: Levels are holding steady... I think.
Tony Stark: Of course they are, I was directly involved. Which brings me to my next question: how does it feel to be a genius?
Pepper Potts: Well, ha, I really wouldn't know now, would I?
Tony Stark: What do you mean? All this came from you.
Pepper Potts: No. All this came from that.
Tony Stark: Give yourself some credit, please. Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself... 12% of the credit.
Pepper Potts: Twelve percent?
Tony Stark: An argument can be made for fifteen.
Pepper Potts: Twelve percent for my baby?
Tony Stark: Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things. And sorry, but the security snafu? That was on you.
Pepper Potts: Oooooh.
Tony Stark: My private elevator...
Pepper Potts: You mean OUR elevator?
Tony Stark: ...was teeming with sweaty workmen. I'm going to pay for that comment about percentages in some subtle way later, aren't I?
Pepper Potts: Not gonna be that subtle.
Tony Stark: I'll tell you what. Next building's gonna say 'Potts' on the tower.
Pepper Potts: On the lease.
Tony Stark: ...Call your mom, can you bunk over?
Steve Rogers: I don't like it.
Tony Stark: What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily?
Steve Rogers: I don't remember it being ever that easy. This guy packs a wallop.
Tony Stark: Still, you are pretty spry, for an older fellow. What's your thing, Pilates?
Steve Rogers: What?
Tony Stark: It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle.
Steve Rogers: Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in.
Tony Stark: Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you.
World Security Council: Where are the Avengers?
Nick Fury: I'm not currently tracking their whereabouts. I'd say they've earned a leave of absence.
World Security Council: And the Tesseract?
Nick Fury: The Tesseract is where it belongs: out of our reach.
World Security Council: That's not your call.
Nick Fury: I didn't make it. I just didn't argue with the god that did.
World Security Council: So you let him take it and the war criminal, Loki, who should be answering for his crimes?
Nick Fury: Oh, I think he will be.
World Security Council: I don't think you understand what you've started. Letting the Avengers loose on this world. They're dangerous.
Nick Fury: They surely are. And the whole world knows it. Every world knows it.
World Security Council: Was that the point of all this? A statement?
Nick Fury: A promise.
Nick Fury: What are you doing, Mr Stark?
Tony Stark: Uh, kind of been wondering the same thing about you.
Nick Fury: You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract!
Bruce Banner: We are! The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get the hit, we'll have a signature within half a mile.
Tony Stark: Yeah, you'll get your cube back, no mas, no fuss.
Tony Stark: What is Phase 2?
Steve Rogers: Phase 2 is SHIELD uses the Cube to make weapons! Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me.
Nick Fury: Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract, this does not mean that we...
Tony Stark: I'm sorry Nick, what were you lying?
Steve Rogers: I was wrong, Director. The world hasn't changed a bit.
Loki: Are you ever NOT going to fall for that?
Natasha Romanoff: Where is Barton now?
Agent Phil Coulson: We don't know.
Natasha Romanoff: But he's alive?
Agent Phil Coulson: We think so. I'll brief you on everything when you get back. But first, we need you to talk to the big guy.
Natasha Romanoff: Coulson, you know that Stark trusts me about as far as he can throw me.
Agent Phil Coulson: Oh, I've got Stark. You get the big guy.
Natasha Romanoff: Bozhe moi.
Steve Rogers: Word is you can find the cube.
Bruce Banner: Is that the only word on me?
Steve Rogers: Only word I care about.
Maintenance Guy: Uh... You are not authorized to be here!
Steve Rogers: Son... just don't.
Tony Stark: In a few hours I'll know every dirty secret S.H.I.E.L.D. has been trying to hide. Blueberry?
Tony Stark: You should come by Stark Tower sometime. Top 10 floors all R&D, you'd love it... it's candyland.
Bruce Banner: Thanks, but the last time I was in New York I kind of broke... Harlem.
Steve Rogers: Was he married?
Tony Stark: No. There was a, uh... cellist. I think.
Steve Rogers: I'm sorry. He seemed like a good man.
Tony Stark: He was an idiot.
Steve Rogers: Why? For believing?
Tony Stark: For taking on Loki alone.
Steve Rogers: He was doing his job.
Tony Stark: He was out of his league. He should have waited. He should have...
Steve Rogers: Sometimes there isn't a way out, Tony.
Tony Stark: Right, I've heard that before.
Steve Rogers: Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?
Tony Stark: WE ARE NOT SOLDIERS! I am not marching to Fury's fife!
Steve Rogers: Neither am I! He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does. But right now we've got to put that behind us and get this done.
Loki: Kneel!
Steve Rogers: Not today!
Maria Hill: When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?
Tony Stark: Last night. The packet. Selvig's notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?
Agent Phil Coulson: You're gonna lose.
Loki: Am I?
Agent Phil Coulson: It's in your nature.
Loki: Your heroes are scattered, your floating fortress falls from the sky... where is my disadvantage?
Agent Phil Coulson: You lack conviction.
Loki: I don't think I...
Agent Phil Coulson: So that's what it does.
Steve Rogers: You think you can hold them off?
Clint Barton: Captain, it would be my genuine pleasure.
The Other: Humans... They are not the cowering wretches we were promised. They stand. They are unruly, and therefore cannot be ruled. To challenge them is to court death.
Thor: You speak of control, yet you court chaos.
Bruce Banner: It's his M.O., isn't it? I mean, what are we, a team? No, no, no. We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos. We're... we're a time-bomb.
Nick Fury: You need to step away.
Tony Stark: Why shouldn't the guy let off a little steam?
Steve Rogers: You know damn well why! Back off!
Tony Stark: Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me.
Clint Barton: Tasha, how many agents did I-?
Natasha Romanoff: Don't. Don't do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for.
Clint Barton: Loki, he got away?
Natasha Romanoff: Yeah. Don't suppose you know where?
Clint Barton: Didn't need to know. Didn't ask. He's gonna make his play soon though. Today.
Natasha Romanoff: We gotta stop him.
Clint Barton: Yeah, who's "we"?
Natasha Romanoff: I don't know. Whoever's left.
Clint Barton: Well, I... if I put an arrow through Loki's eye socket, I'd sleep better, I s'pose.
Natasha Romanoff: Now you sound like you.
Clint Barton: But you don't. You're a spy, not a soldier. Now you want to wade into a war. Why? What did Loki do to you?
Natasha Romanoff: He didn't, I just...
Clint Barton: Natasha.
Natasha Romanoff: I've been compromised. I got red in my ledger. I'd like to wipe it out.
Tony Stark: No hard feelings, Point Break. You've got a mean swing.
Thor: Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it... and his allies. It is a signal to the Realm that Earth is ready for a higher form of war!
Nick Fury: Higher form? You forced our hand! We had to come up with some way that we could...
Tony Stark: A nuclear deterrent? Cause that always works well...
Nick Fury: Remind me how you made your fortune, Mr Stark.
Jarvis: Sir, I've shut down the Arc Reactor, but the device is already self-sustaining.
Iron Man: Shut it down, Dr. Selvig.
Selvig: It's too late! She can't stop now. She wants to show us something! A new universe.
Iron Man: OK.
Jarvis: The barrier is pure energy. It's unbreachable.
Iron Man: Yeah I got that - Plan B.
Jarvis: Sir, the Mark VII is not ready for deployment.
Iron Man: Then skip the spinning rims! We're on the clock!
Nick Fury: Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr. Banner back to his...
Bruce Banner: Back where? You rented my room.
Nick Fury: The cell was built...
Bruce Banner: In case you needed to kill me, but you can't! I know! I tried!... I got low. I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth... and the other guy spit it out! So I moved on. I focused on helping other people. I was good, until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk!
Bruce Banner: You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm?
Steve Rogers: Doctor Banner... put down the scepter.
Tony Stark: Got it.
Bruce Banner: Sorry, kids. You don't get to see my little party trick after all.
Natasha Romanoff: Doctor Banner... Bruce, you gotta fight it. This is just what Loki wants. We're gonna be okay. Listen to me. We're gonna be okay, right? I swear on my life I will get you out of this! You will walk away, and never...
Bruce Banner: YOUR LIFE...?
Natasha Romanoff: You want to think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?
Bruce Banner: I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed.
Natasha Romanoff: Loki is manipulating you.
Bruce Banner: And you been doing what, exactly?
Natasha Romanoff: You didn't come here because I batted my eyelashes at you.
Bruce Banner: Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy.
Black Widow: I can close it. Can anybody copy? I can shut the portal down.
Captain America: Do it!
Iron Man: No wait!
Captain America: Stark, these things are still coming!
Iron Man: I got a nuke coming in. It's going to blow in less than a minute, and I know just where to put it.
Captain America: Stark, you know that's a one way trip?
Iron Man: Save the rest for the turn, J.
Jarvis: Sir, shall I try Ms. Potts?
Iron Man: Might as well.
Maria Hill: Sir, how does it work now? They've gone their separate ways, some pretty extremely far. We get into a situation like this again, what happens then?
Nick Fury: They'll come back.
Maria Hill: You really sure about that?
Nick Fury: I am.
Maria Hill: Why?
Nick Fury: Because we'll need them to.
Steve Rogers: Are you nuts?
Tony Stark: Jury's out.
Black Widow: Captain, none of this is going to mean a damn thing if we don't close that portal.
Captain America: Our biggest guns couldn't touch it.
Black Widow: Well, maybe it's not about guns.
Captain America: If you want to get up there, you're gonna need a ride.
Black Widow: I got a ride. I could use a boost, though.
Captain America: Are you sure about this?
Black Widow: Yeah. It's gonna be fun.
Bruce Banner: Should have got paid up front, Banner.
Natasha Romanoff: You know, for a man who's supposed to be avoiding stress, you picked a hell of a place to settle.
Bruce Banner: Avoiding stress isn't the secret.
Natasha Romanoff: Then, what is it? Yoga?
Bruce Banner: You brought me to the edge of the city, smart. I uh... assume the whole place is surrounded?
Natasha Romanoff: Just you and me.
Bruce Banner: And your actress buddy, is she a spy too? Do they start that young?
Natasha Romanoff: I did.
Bruce Banner: Who are you?
Natasha Romanoff: Natasha Romanoff.
Bruce Banner: Are you here to kill me, Miss Romanoff? Because that's not gonna work out for everyone.
Natasha Romanoff: No. No. Of course not. I'm here on behalf of SHIELD.
Bruce Banner: SHIELD. How did they find me?
Natasha Romanoff: We never lost you, doctor. We've kept our distance, even helped keep some other interested parties off your scent.
Bruce Banner: Why?
Natasha Romanoff: Nick Fury seems to trust you. But now I need you to come in.
Bruce Banner: What if I said no?
Natasha Romanoff: I'll persuade you.
Bruce Banner: And what if the... other guy says no?
Natasha Romanoff: You've been more than a year without an incident. I don't think you wanna break that streak.
Bruce Banner: I don't get always what I want.
Bruce Banner: I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction.
Nick Fury: Because of him!
Thor: Me?
Nick Fury: Last year, Earth had a visit from another planet that had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously outgunned.
Thor: My people want nothing but peace with your planet!
Nick Fury: But you're not the only ones out there, are you? And you're not the only threat. The world is filling up with people that can't be matched, that can't be controlled!
Steve Rogers: Like you control the cube?
Tony Stark: Raise the mizzenmast! Jib the topsails!
Tony Stark: You're good on this end. The rest is up to you.
Pepper Potts: You disconnected the transition lines? Are we off the grid?
Tony Stark: Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy.
Pepper Potts: Wow. So maybe our reactor takes over and it actually works?
Tony Stark: I assume. Light her up.
Pepper Potts: How does it look?
Tony Stark: Like Christmas, but with more... *me.*
Steve Rogers: Have you got a suit?
Clint Barton: Yeah.
Steve Rogers: Then suit up.
Nick Fury: Until such time as the world ends, we will act as though it intends to spin on.
Pepper Potts: Come on in. We're celebrating.
Tony Stark: Which is why he can't stay.
Agent Phil Coulson: We need you to look this over as soon as possible.
Tony Stark: I don't like being handed things...
Pepper Potts: That's fine, because I love to be handed things.
Pepper Potts: So, let's trade.
Pepper Potts: Thank you.
Tony Stark: Official consulting hours are between 8 and 5 every other Thursday.
Steve Rogers: So this Doctor Banner was trying to replicate the serum that was used on me?
Agent Phil Coulson: A lot of people were. You were the world's first superhero. Banner thought gamma radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula.
Steve Rogers: Didn't really go his way, did it?
Agent Phil Coulson: Not so much. When he's not that thing though, guy's like a Stephen Hawking.
Agent Phil Coulson: He's like a smart person. I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially. I sort of met you, I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping. I mean, I was... I was present while you were unconscious from the ice. You know, it's really, it's just a... just a huge honor to have you on board.
Steve Rogers: Well, I hope I'm the man for the job.
Agent Phil Coulson: Oh, you are. Absolutely. Uh... we've made some modifications to the uniform. I had a little design input.
Steve Rogers: The uniform? Aren't the stars and stripes a little... old-fashioned?
Agent Phil Coulson: With everything that's happening, the things that are about to come to light, people might just need a little old-fashioned.
The Other: The Chitauri grow restless.
Loki: Let them gird themselves. I will lead them into glorious battle.
The Other: Battle? Against the meager might of Earth?
Loki: Glorious, not lengthy. If your force is as formidable as you claim.
The Other: You question us? You question HIM? He, who put the scepter in your hand, who gave you ancient knowledge and new purpose when you were cast out, defeated?
Loki: I was a king, the rightful king of Asgard! Betrayed!
The Other: Your ambition is little, born of childish need. We look beyond the Earth to greater worlds the Tesseract will unveil.
Loki: You don't have the Tesseract yet. I don't threaten, but until I open the doors, until your force is mine to command, you are but words.
The Other: You will have your war, Asgardian. If you fail, if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice where he can not find you. You think you know pain? He will make you long for something as sweet as pain.
Agent Phil Coulson: I'm sorry, boss. The god rabbited.
Nick Fury: Just stay awake. Eyes on me.
Agent Phil Coulson: No. I'm clocked out here.
Nick Fury: Not an option.
Agent Phil Coulson: It's okay, boss. This was never going to work... if they didn't have something... to...
Nick Fury: Agent Coulson is down.
Unknown SHIELD Agent: Paramedics are on their way.
Nick Fury: They're already here.
Nick Fury: They called it.
Tony Stark: Cap, pull the lever!
Steve Rogers: I need a minute here!
Tony Stark: Lever. Now!
Young Cop: It's gonna be an hour before they can scramble the national guard!
Police Sergeant: National Guard? Does the army know what's happening here?
Young Cop: Do we?
Pepper Potts: What is all of this?
Tony Stark: This is, uh...
Tony Stark: This.
Pepper Potts: I'm going to take the jet to D.C. tonight.
Tony Stark: Tomorrow.
Pepper Potts: You've got homework. You've got a lot of homework.
Nick Fury: Doctor, thank you for coming.
Bruce Banner: Thanks for asking nicely. So, uh... how long am I staying?
Nick Fury: Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you're in the clear.
Bruce Banner: Where are you with that?
Agent Phil Coulson: We're sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cell phones, laptops. If it's connected to a satellite, it's eyes and ears for us.
Natasha Romanoff: That's still not gonna find them in time.
Bruce Banner: You have to narrow the field. How many spectrometers do you have access to?
Nick Fury: How many are there?
Bruce Banner: Call every lab you know, tell them to put the spectrometers on the roof and calibrate them for gamma rays. I'll rough out a tracking algorithm based on cluster recognition. At least we could rule out a few places. Do you have somewhere for me to work?
Nick Fury: Agent Romanoff, would you show Dr. Banner to his laboratory, please.
Natasha Romanoff: You're gonna love it, Doc. We got all the toys.
Clint Barton: Stark? Got a lot of strays sniffing your tail.
Tony Stark: Just trying to keep them off the streets.
Clint Barton: Well, they can't bank worth a damn. Find a tight corner.
Tony Stark: I will roger that.
Maria Hill: Sir, those cards were in Phil Coulson's locker, not his pocket.
Nick Fury: They needed a push in the right direction.
Nick Fury: They got it.
Nick Fury: Where's Barton?
Selvig: The Hawk? Up in his nest, as usual.
Nick Fury: I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things.
Clint Barton: Well I see better from a distance.
Nick Fury: Are you seeing anything that might set this thing off?
Clint Barton: No one's come or gone. And Selvig's clean. No contacts, IMs. If there was any tampering, sir, it wasn't at this end.
Nick Fury: At this end?
Clint Barton: Yeah. The Cube is a doorway to the other end of space, right? Doors open up both sides.
Nick Fury: Sir, please put down the spear.
The Other: The Tesseract has awakened. It is on a little world. A human world. They would wield its power, but our ally knows its workings as they never will. He is ready to lead. And our force, our Chitauri, will follow. The world will be his. The universe yours. And the humans, what can they do but burn?
Thor: We are not your enemies, Banner! Try to think!
World Security Council: This is out of line, Director. You're dealing with forces you can't control.
Nick Fury: You ever been in a war, Councilman? In a firefight? Did you feel an over-abundance of control?
World Security Council: You're saying that this Asgard has declared war on our planet?
Nick Fury: Not Asgard, Loki!
World Security Council: He can't be working alone. What about the other one, his brother?
Nick Fury: Our intelligence says, Thor is not a hostile. But he's worlds away, we can't depend on him to help either. It's up to us.
World Security Council: Which is why you should be focusing on Phase 2, it was designed for exactly...
Nick Fury: Phase 2 isn't ready, our enemy is. We need a response team.
Selvig: The Tesseract is showing me so much. It's more than just knowledge, it's... truth.
Loki: I know. What did it show you, Agent Barton?
Clint Barton: My next target.
Loki: Tell me what you need.
Clint Barton: I'll need a distraction.
Clint Barton: And an eyeball.
Nick Fury: I still believe in heroes.
Thor: Loki, turn off the Tesseract or I will destroy it!
Loki: You can't! There's no stopping it. There is only the war!
Thor: So be it!
Maria Hill: You put those people together, you can't expect what's going to happen...
Agent Phil Coulson: What do we do?
Nick Fury: We get ready.
Agent Phil Coulson: I think we need to time-out.
Loki: You WILL kneel before me!
Nick Fury: Gentlemen, you're up!
Thor: You have no idea what you're dealing with.
Tony Stark: Ah... Shakespeare in the park?
Tony Stark: Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?
Natasha Romanoff: There was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice. I thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet?
Steve Rogers: Trading cards?
Natasha Romanoff: They're vintage, he's very proud.
Maria Hill: Thor, what's his play?
Thor: He has an army, called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the Earth. In return, I suspect, for the Tesseract.
Maria Hill: An army. From outer space.
Natasha Romanoff: So he's building another portal. That's what he needs Erik Selvig for.
Thor: Selvig?
Natasha Romanoff: He's an astrophysicist.
Thor: He's a friend.
Natasha Romanoff: Loki has them under some kind of spell. Along with one of ours.
Maria Hill: I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He's not leading an army from here.
Bruce Banner: I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him.
Thor: Take care how you speak. Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard. And he is my brother.
Natasha Romanoff: He killed eighty people in two days.
Thor: ...He's adopted.
Georgi Luchkov: This is not how I wanted this evening to go.
Natasha Romanoff: I know how you wanted this evening to go. Believe me, this is better.
Natasha Romanoff: Come on, Stark...
Loki: I come with glad tidings. Of a world made free.
Nick Fury: Free from what?
Loki: Freedom... Freedom is life's great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart... Loki puts the scepter to Selvig... Stellan Skarsgård... You will know peace.
Nick Fury: In case it's unclear, if you try to escape, you so much as scratch that glass...
Nick Fury: ...it's 30,000 feet straight down in a steel trap. You get how that works? Ant... boot.
Loki: It's an impressive cage. Not built, I think, for me.
Nick Fury: Built for something a lot stronger than you.
Loki: Oh, I've heard. The mindless beast, makes play he's still a man. How desperate are you, that you call on such lost creatures to defend you?
Nick Fury: How desperate am I? You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can't hope to control. You talk about peace and you kill 'cause it's fun. You have made me VERY desperate. You might not be glad that you did.
Loki: Ooh. It burns you to have come so close. To have the Tesseract, to have power, unlimited power. And for what? A warm light for all mankind to share. And then to be reminded what real power is.
Nick Fury: Well, let me know if "real power" wants a magazine or something.
Nick Fury: These were in Phil Coulson's jacket. I guess he never did get you to sign them.
Nick Fury: We're dead in the air up here. Our communications, the location of the Cube, Banner, Thor... I got nothing for you. I lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming.
Nick Fury: Yes. We were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number, though, because I was playing something even riskier.
Nick Fury: There was an idea, Stark knows this, called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of of remarkable people to see if they could become something more. To see if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could.
Nick Fury: Phil Coulson died, still believing in that idea. In heroes.
Nick Fury: Well, it's a good old-fashioned notion.     