
Sam: I feel I'm in a real family now. Not like yours, but similar to one.
Suzy: I always wished I was an orphan. Most of my favorite characters are. I think your lives are more special.
Sam: I love you, but you don't know what you're talking about.
Suzy: I love you, too.
Sam: Why do you always use binoculars?
Suzy: It helps me see things closer. Even if they're not very far away. I pretend it's my magic power.
Sam: That sounds like poetry. Poems don't always have to rhyme, you know. They're just supposed to be creative.
Scout Master Ward: Jiminy cricket, he flew the coop!
Sam: What kind of bird are you?
Sparrow: I'm a sparrow, she's a dove...
Sam: No. I said...
Sam: What kind of bird are YOU?
Suzy: I'm a raven.
Suzy: We're in love. We just want to be together. What's wrong with that?
Sam: Why do you consider me your enemy?
Redford: Because your girlfriend stabbed me in the back with lefty scissors.
Sam: She's my wife now.
Redford: Congratulations!
Sam: Thank you. But I'm saying before that, six weeks ago, from day one, why didn't you like me?
Redford: Why should I? Nobody else does.
Sam: I admit we knew we'd get in trouble. That part's true. We knew people would be worried, and we still ran away, anyway. But something also happened, which we didn't do on purpose. When we first met each other, something happened to us.
Captain Sharp: That's very eloquent. I can't argue against anything you're saying. But then again, I don't have to, 'cause you're 12 years old. Look, let's face it, you're probably a much more intelligent person than I am. In fact, I guarantee it. But even smart kids stick they're finger in electrical sockets sometimes. It takes time to figure things out. It's been proven by history. All mankind makes mistakes. It's our job to try to protect you from making the dangerous ones, if we can. We want a slug?
Sam: Captain Sharp: What's your rush? You've got your whole life in front of yourself. Ahead of you, I mean.
Sam: Maybe so. Anyway, you're a bachelor.
Captain Sharp: So are you.
Sam: That's true. Did you love someone ever?
Captain Sharp: Yes, I did.
Sam: What happened?
Captain Sharp: She didn't love me back.
Sam: Ah.
Captain Sharp: I'm sorry for your loss. Anyway, that's what you're supposed to say.
Captain Sharp: Uh-huh.
Social Services: Is that a yes?
Captain Sharp: Uh-huh.
Laura Bishop: Walt, where the hell are you?
Walt Bishop: Right here. Why are you cursing at me?
Laura Bishop: Does it concern you that your daughter's just run away from home?
Walt Bishop: That's a loaded question.
Laura Bishop: Come down and read this!
Sam: Those sons of bitches, they got him right through the neck.
Suzy: Was he a good dog?
Sam: Who's to say? But he didn't deserve to die.
Sam: What happened to your hand?
Suzy: I got hit in the mirror.
Sam: Really? How did that happen?
Suzy: I lost my temper at myself.
Captain Sharp: It's been proven by history: all mankind makes mistakes.
Suzy: These are my books. I like stories with magic powers in them. Either in kingdoms on Earth or on foreign planets. Usually I prefer a girl hero, but not always.
Walt Bishop: Be advised, the two of you will never see each other again. Those were your last words. Do you understand?
Suzy: I'd be careful if I were you. One of these days, somebody's gonna get pushed too far. And who knows what they're capable of?
Walt Bishop: Is that a threat?
Suzy: It's a warning.
Lionel: You're a traitor to our family.
Suzy: Good! I want to be.
Suzy: It feels hard.
Sam: Do you mind?
Suzy: I like it.
Cousin Ben: Is this him?
Sam: Field Mate Sam Shakusky, Troop 55, resigned.
Cousin Ben: He's hot. Almost too hot. What's in the can?
Redford: $76, but it's mostly in nickels.
Cousin Ben: Give it to me.
Cousin Ben: Your badge in seamanship?
Sam: Yes, sir.
Cousin Ben: Good. There's a cold water crabber moored off Broken Rock. The skipper owes me an IOU. We'll see if he can take you on as a claw cracker. It won't be an easy life, but it's better than shock therapy.
Sam: Thank you, sir. By the way, where's the chapel tent?
Cousin Ben: Back there, but the padre's home with the mumps. Why do you ask?
Sam: I want to bring my wife.
Cousin Ben: Suzy: But we're not married yet.
Cousin Ben: You his girl?
Suzy: Yeah.
Cousin Ben: Technically, I'm a civil law scrivener. I'm authorized to declare births, deaths, and marriages. You're kind of young. You got a license?
Sam, Suzy: No.
Cousin Ben: I can't offer you a legally binding union. It won't hold up in the state, the county, or frankly, any courtroom in the world, due to your age, lack of a license, and failure to get parental consent. But the ritual does carry a very important moral weight within yourselves. You can't enter into the contract lightly. Look into my eyes. Do you love each other?
Suzy: Yes, we do.
Cousin Ben: Think about what I'm saying. Are you sure you're ready for this?
Suzy: Yes, we are.
Cousin Ben: They're not listening to me. Let me rephrase it.
Suzy: We're in a hurry.
Cousin Ben: Are you chewing gum? Spit out the gum, sister. In fact, everybody.
Cousin Ben: I don't like the snappy attitude. This is the most important decision you've made in your lives. Now go over by the trampoline and talk it through before you give me another quick answer...
Sam: It's possible I may wet the bed by the way. Later, I mean.
Suzy: Okay.
Sam: I wish I didn't have to mention it but just in case. I don't want to make you be offended.
Suzy: Of course, I won't.
Walt Bishop: Our daughter's been abducted by one of these beige lunatics!
Suzy: I think you've still got lightning in you.
Sam: Dear Suzy, I accidentally built a fire while I was sleepwalking. I have no memory of this, but my foster parents think I am lying.
Mrs. Billingsley: Laura Bishop: We women are more emotional...
Suzy: I hate you.
Laura Bishop: Don't say "hate".
Suzy: Why not? I mean it.
Laura Bishop: You think you mean it, in this moment. You're trying to hurt me.
Suzy: Exactly.
Sam: See you tomorrow.
Sam: Listen to some reason. I don't like you. You don't like me. So, why don't you just let us disappear?
Redford: Well, it's tempting, but we can't allow it.
Sam: It's not an accomplishment badge; I inherited it from my mother. It's not meant for a male to wear, but I don't give a damn.
Laura Bishop: I'm sorry, Walt.
Walt Bishop: It's not your fault.
Walt Bishop: Which injuries are you apologizing for, specifically?
Laura Bishop: Specifically? Whichever ones still hurt.
Walt Bishop: Half of those were self-inflicted.
Walt Bishop: I hope the roof flies off, and I get sucked up into space. You'll be better off without me.
Laura Bishop: Stop feeling sorry for yourself.
Walt Bishop: Why?
Laura Bishop: We're all they've got, Walt.
Walt Bishop: That's not enough.
Sam: Sometimes I stick leaves on my hair. It helps cool your head down.
Suzy: Hmm. That's a good idea. It might also help if you didn't wear a fur hat.
Sam: Watch out for turtles. They'll bite you if you put your fingers in their mouths.
Walt Bishop: Holy Christ, what am I looking at here?
Laura Bishop: He does watercolors. Mostly landscapes but a few nudes.
Walt Bishop: Did she sit for this?
Social Services: You two are the most appallingly incompetent custodial guardians Social Services has ever had the misfortune to encounter in a TWENTY-SEVEN year career!
Lionel: Where's my record player?
Suzy: Molly's right. I do go berserk.
Sam: On this spot I'll fight no more forever.
Sam: Come and get me, you bastards!
Sam: I'm okay. Follow me!
Sam: Wait. Just in case this is a suicide or they capture us and we never see each other again anymore, I just want to say: Thank you for marrying me. I'm glad I got to know you, Suzy.
Walt Bishop: I hope the roof flies off and I get sucked up into space.
Suzy: It doesn't make me feel very good. I found this on top of our refrigerator.
Sam: Does that mean you?
Suzy: I think so, yeah.
Suzy: I know what you do with that sad, dumb policeman.
Laura Bishop: He's not dumb... But I guess he is kind of sad.
Scout Master Ward: Skotak, what's all this lumber for?
Skotak: We're building a treehouse.
Scout Master Ward: Where?
Skotak: Right here.
Scout Master Ward: That's not a safe altitude. Why is it up so high? If someone falls from there, that's a guaranteed death.
Skotak: Well, where would you have built it?
Scout Master Ward: Lower.
Walt Bishop: Why can't you control your scouts?
Scout Master Ward: I'm trying.
Walt Bishop: Sam: I made you some jewelry. Are your ears pierced?
Suzy: We might have to swim for it.
Sam: How deep is it? I didn't bring my life jacket.
Suzy: I don't know but if it's too shallow, we'll break our necks anyway.
Jed: Hang on, Social Services!
Scout Master Ward: He left me a letter of resignation. Over.
Sam: Get out of my chimney.
Skotak: Listen to me. We're here for friendship. We're going to get you off this island.
Sam: No, thanks.
Skotak: Yes, thanks. This is an emergency rescue.
Sam: It's worthless to me. There's no point, not without Suzy.
Laura Bishop: Are you a lawyer? Because we are.
Lazy-Eye: What's your real job, sir?
Scout Master Ward: I'm a math teacher.
Lazy-Eye: What grade?
Scout Master Ward: Eighth.
Lazy-Eye: Do you need a PhD for that?
Scout Master Ward: Lazy-Eye, no, but you know what? We're actually in the middle of something here, in case you didn't notice. One of our scouts is missing and that's a crisis. Anybody else? Redford.
Redford: What if he resists?
Scout Master Ward: Who?
Redford: Shakusky, are we allowed to use force on him?
Scout Master Ward: No, you're not. This is a non-violent rescue operation. Your mission is to find him, not to hurt him, under any circumstances. Am I making myself understood?
Scout Master Ward: I'm gonna change my answer, in fact. This is real my job. Scout master, Troop 55. I'm a math teacher on the side.
Laura Bishop: Poor Suzy. Why is everything so hard for you?
Suzy: We're in love. We just want to be together. What's wrong with that?
Walt Bishop: I'll be out back. I'm going to find a tree to chop down.
Sam: I got sand in my mouth.
Suzy: Oh!
Scout Master Ward: Roosevelt, how's that lanyard coming?
Roosevelt: Horrible.
Sam: You smell like perfume.
Suzy: Oh, it's my mother's!
Sam: Hm! Hm!
Sam: Are you de-pressed?
Sam: I'm sorry.
Suzy: Oh, it's okay!
Sam: I'm on your side.
Suzy: I know.
Suzy: You can touch my chest. I, uh... I think they're gonna grow more.
Walt Bishop: How can we help her? She's got so many problems. It's getting worse.     