
Jesse: I fucked up my whole life because of the way you sing.
Natalia: Like sunlight, sunset, we appear, we disappear. We are so important to some, but we are just passing through.
Jesse: If you want love, then this is it. This is real life. It's not perfect but it's real.
Jesse: I am giving you my whole life ok? I got nothing larger to give, I'm not giving it to anybody else. If you're looking for permission to disqualify me, I'm not gonna give it to you. Ok? I love you. And I'm not in conflict about it. Okay? But if what you want is like a laundry list of all the things that piss me off, I can give it to you.
Celine: Yeah, I want to hear.
Jesse: Okay well, number 1, you're fucking nuts! You are. Good luck! Find somebody else to put up with your shit for more than like 6 months okay? But I, accept the whole package, the crazy and the brilliant. I know you're not gonna change and I don't want you to. It's called accepting you for being you.
Jesse: You're just like the little girls and everybody else. You wanna live inside some fairy tale. I'm just trying to make things better. I tell you that I love you unconditionally, I tell you that you're beautiful, I tell you that your ass looks great when you're 80. I try to make you laugh.
Celine: Ok.
Jesse: All right, I put up with plenty of your shit. And if you think I'm just some dog who's gonna keep coming back, then you're wrong. But if you want true love, then this is it. This is real life. It's not perfect, but it's real. And if you can't see it, then you're blind, all right, and I give up.
Celine: Well, it must have been one hell of a night we're about to have.
Celine: I feel close to you.
Jesse: Yeah?
Celine: But sometimes, I don't know? I feel like you're breathing helium and I'm breathing oxygen.
Jesse: What makes you say that?
Celine: You know what? The only time I get to think now is when I take a shit at the office. I'm starting to associate thoughts with the smell of shit.
Jesse: Ha ha. That is a good line. I gonna use that in a book some day.
Celine: I'm sure you will. And that'll be the best line in the book.
Celine: Still there. Still there. Still there. Gone.
Jesse: You are the fucking mayor of Crazytown, do you know that? You are!
Celine: One of the perks of being over 35 is that you don't get raped as much.
Celine: You like to have sex, the exact same way, evvvvvvery time.
Jesse: When you got it, you got it.
Celine: Kissy kissy, titty titty, pussy
Jesse: I'm a man of simple pleasures.
Nina: Like sunlight, sunset, we appear, we disappear. We are so important to some, but we are just passing through.
Celine: ...we don't have to spend our lives comparing ourselves to Martin Luther King, Gandhi, Tolstoy...
Jesse: What about Joan of Arc, right, she was a teenager and she saved France, so...
Celine: Who wants to be Joan of Arc? Forget France, she was burnt at the stake and a virgin, okay. Nothing I aspired to. What a great achievement.
Jesse: Anyway, so I called my dad, right, after I got the text, just, you know to tell him I was sorry but I think I got screwed up at some point said... Hey dad you're an orphan now. I don't think it was funny. Not funny at all.
Celine: Now I know why Sylvia Plath put her head in a toaster!
Jesse: It was an oven.     