
Little Rock: Who's Bill Murray?
Tallahassee: I've never hit a kid before. I mean, that's like asking who Gandhi is.
Little Rock: Who's Gandhi?
Bill Murray: Is that how you say hello where you come from?
Columbus: Oh, my God. Oh, my God, I can't believe I shot Bill Murray.
Tallahassee: Mr. Murray?
Bill Murray: I'm just Bill, I think, now.
Tallahassee: Bill?
Bill Murray: Yeah?
Tallahassee: I don't think we're gonna be able to stitch this.
Bill Murray: Ah. That's still tender.
Tallahassee: You think you might pull through?
Bill Murray: No.
Columbus: If it means anything now, I am so sorry. It was just instinctive.
Bill Murray: It was my bad. I was never a very good practical joker.
Little Rock: So do you have any regrets?
Bill Murray: "Garfield," maybe.
Tallahassee: I'm not great at farewells, so, uh, that'll do, pig.
Columbus: That's the worst goodbye I've ever heard, and you stole it from a movie.
Columbus: So until next time, remember: Cardio, seat belts, and this really has nothing to do with anything, but a little sunscreen never hurt anybody. I'm Columbus, Ohio from Zombieland, saying good night.
Tallahassee: Goddamn it, Bill fucking Murray! I had to get that out. I don't mean to gush. This is so surreal. I mean, you probably get this all the time. Maybe not lately, but I'm such a huge fan of yours. You know, I swear, I've seen every one of your movies a million times. I even loved your dramatic roles and just everything. Six people left in the world and one of them is Bill fucking Murray. I know that's not your middle name. I've been watching you since I was like... Since I could masturbate. I mean, not that they're connected.
Tallahassee: Sno-Balls? Sno-Balls? Sno Balls? Where's the fucking Twinkies?
Columbus: I love Sno-Balls.
Tallahassee: I hate coconut. Not the taste, consistency.
Columbus: Fresh.
Tallahassee: Oh, this Twinkie thing, it ain't over yet.
Columbus: The first rule of Zombieland: Cardio. When the zombie outbreak first hit, the first to go, for obvious reasons... were the fatties.
Tallahassee: They're in the back, aren't they?
Little Rock: Just me.
Columbus: I'm really sorry. She was like a crouching tiger...
Tallahassee: You got taken hostage by a 12 year old?
Columbus: Well, girls mature faster than boys. She's way ahead of where I was at that age.
Little Rock: Twelve's the new twenty. Gun please.
Tallahassee: Like you would ever use that thing
Tallahassee: Don't kill me with my own gun.
Tallahassee: Time to nut up or shut up!
Columbus: 1997. Was that a good year?
Wichita: Yeah! 1997 was a great year! I saw my first R-rated movie... Anaconda. Got my first tattoo, a porpoise. Fake. Had my first kiss... Scotty Lynch.
Columbus: Did you guys...
Columbus: ...use tongue?
Wichita: Maybe. Why, are you jealous of Scotty Lynch?
Columbus: Yes. Actually, I think I'm jealous of your whole 1997. Let me see... I think... 1997 I had my first orthodontist appointment... bastard gave me headgear... I got my first B...
Columbus: ...almost as scary as Anaconda... went to my first dance. Sadie Hawkins, so it was ladies' choice...
Wichita: And nobody picked you?
Columbus: Well, it was ladies' choice.
Wichita: ... No! Those bitches! No, I will not stand for this.
Wichita: On behalf of all the eighth grade girls, I would like to dance with you.
Wichita: Don't worry. Scotty's old news.
Tallahassee: Are you fucking with me?
Columbus: Uh, no. You should actually limber up as well. Especially if we're going down that hill. It is very important.
Tallahassee: I don't believe in it. You ever see a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?
Columbus: Take away a man's son, you've truly given him nothing left to lose.
Tallahassee: I haven't cried like that since "Titanic."
Columbus: You are like a giant cock-blocking robot, like, developed in a secret fucking government lab.
Tallahassee: You're thinking about fucking Wichita!
Tallahassee: Hey, wish granted. She's spent the last twenty-four hours fucking us both.
Columbus: You see? You just can't trust anyone. The first girl I let into my life and she tries to eat me.
Columbus: When Tallahassee goes Hulk on a zombie, he sets the standard for "not to be fucked with".
Little Rock: Have you heard about Pacific Playland? There are no zombies there.
Columbus: The amusement park?
Little Rock: Yep!
Tallahassee: That place totally blows!
Tallahassee: ... my mind. Just fun for the whole family.
Columbus: Oh, America. I wish I could tell you that this was still America, but I've come to realize that you can't have a country without people. And there are no people here. No, my friends. This is now the United States of Zombieland.
Columbus: Oh, this is so exciting, you're about to learn who you're gonna call... it's Ghostbusters.
Columbus: You know there's a place untouched by all this crap?
Tallahassee: Back east, yeah?
Columbus: Yeah. Yeah. You heard the same thing?
Tallahassee: Out west, we hear it's back east. Back east, they hear it's out west. It's all just nonsense. You know, you're like a penguin on the North Pole who hears the South Pole is really nice this time of the year.
Columbus: There are no penguins on the North Pole.
Tallahassee: You wanna feel how hard I can punch?
Tallahassee: Where are you, you spongy, yellow, delicious bastards?
Columbus: It's amazing how quickly things can go from bad to total shit storm.
Columbus: Okay. Let me begin my three-part apology by saying that I think you're a wonderful human, with great potential.
Tallahassee: It's okay... But FYI, I have beat wholesale ass for a whole lot less than that.
Columbus: I'm sure.
Tallahassee: You get, uh...
Tallahassee: 45% power.
Columbus: Thank you.
Tallahassee: There you go.
Little Rock: No Twinkies.
Tallahassee: Shit! fuck!
Wichita: See, I told you we should have gone to Russell Crowe's! No one listens to me!
Tallahassee: Bill Murray, you're a zombie?
Bill Murray: Ow, I'm on fire! Ouch!
Tallahassee: You're not a zombie, you're talking and... You're okay?
Bill Murray: The hell I am.
Wichita: I'm sorry. I didn't know it was... It was "you" you.
Tallahassee: Are you...? What's with the get-up?
Bill Murray: Oh, I do it to blend in. You know. Zombies don't mess with other zombies. Buddy of mine, makeup guy, he showed me how to do this. Corn starch. You know, some berries, a little licorice for the ladies. Suits my lifestyle, you know. I like to get out and do stuff. Just played nine holes on the Riviera. Just walked on. Nobody there.
Columbus: That guy down there... is me. I'm in Garland, Texas. And it may look like zombies destroyed it, but that's actually just Garland.
Columbus: Are you one of these guys that tries to one-up everybody else's story?
Tallahassee: No. I knew a guy way worse at that than me.
Wichita: Let's play the quiet game.
Columbus: I've actually been meaning to ask you, have you been to Columbus, because I've been trying to...
Wichita: Have you never played the quiet game?
Tallahassee: Finally got to first base. Not bad for that scrawny little spit-fuck.
Columbus: Poor flat bastard.
Bill Murray: You are staring at me. It's a hairpiece! It's a piece.
Wichita: It's - I'm sorry. No, it's just that you look remarkably like Eddie Van Halen.
Bill Murray: I just saw Eddie Van Halen.
Wichita: Nuh-uh.
Tallahassee: Really?
Bill Murray: Yeah.
Wichita: Wow.
Tallahassee: Where?
Bill Murray: The Hollywood Bowl.
Tallahassee: And how was he?
Bill Murray: He's a zombie.
Wichita: Aw. Tough break.
Tallahassee: Here's the deal: I'm not easy to get along with, and I'm sensing you're a bit of a bitch.
Columbus: You see, He was in the ass-kicking business and...
Tallahassee: ... business is *good*!
Columbus: Hey, for fuck's sake, enough already! We are being chased by ravenous freaks. Like we don't have enough problems. Oh, they stole my hummer. Oh, we have trust issues. Well get over it! We can't just fucking drive down the road playing I Spy or some shit for two hours like four normal-ass Americans? Fuck me.
Tallahassee: Whoa.
Columbus: I know.
Tallahassee: My mama always told me someday I'd be good at something. Who'd a guessed that something'd be zombie-killing?
Columbus: Probably nobody.
Columbus: You almost knocked over your alcohol with your knife.
Tallahassee: What do you think? "Zombie Kill of the Week"?
Tallahassee: There's a box of Twinkies in that grocery store. Not just any box of Twinkies, the last box of Twinkies that anyone will enjoy in the whole universe. Believe it or not, Twinkies have an expiration date. Some day very soon, Life's little Twinkie gauge is gonna go... empty.
Tallahassee: You can do anything you want to a man, but do not fuck with his Cadillac!
Wichita: You know between you, me and "What About Bob?"... You're actually kinda cute.
Columbus: You think so?
Wichita: Yeah. I mean you got the guts of a guppy but I could hit that.
Columbus: Really?
Wichita: Or at least give you the intentional walk to first.
Wichita: Ooh! Free parking...
Little Rock: Yeah.
Wichita: -which coincidentally is the best thing about Zombieland.
Columbus: You want to know the best thing about Z-land? No- no Facebook status updates. You know, Rob Curtis is gearing up for Friday. Who cares?
Tallahassee: The best thing is no more flushing. Epic.
Columbus: Tallahassee firmly believes that you have to blow off steam in Zombieland... or else you'll lose what's left of your mind. Well, if it makes him happy and keeps him from using that crowbar on me, then I say "Hey, go ape shit".
Little Rock: Yes! But no she's not, she's not. She's only famous when she's Hannah Montana. When she's wearing the wig. So...
Tallahassee: Have you ever read that book "She's Just Not That Into You"?
Columbus: Yeah, I shave every morning but sometimes by like 4:30 I'll have a thing. I mean, I know it's called a five o'clock shadow but sometimes I'll get it prematurely.
Columbus: I could tell she knew what I was feeling, we all are orphans in Zombieland.
Tallahassee: Where are the fucking Twinkies?
Columbus: Don't swing, don't swing!
Columbus: Swing!
Tallahassee: Hey, a little help with movin' the couch. We're makin' a fort.
Tallahassee: ...The day he was born I just lost my mind.
Tallahassee: Come on! Anybody hungry? Tallahassee's nice this time of year!
Columbus: Hey, this may be a bad time, but I gotta take the Browns to the Super Bowl.
Wichita: You have just survived the zombie apocalypse and drove half way across the country... where are you gonna go?
Little Rock: I'm going to Pacific Playland! Woo!
Tallahassee: Thank God for rednecks!
Columbus: Fuck this clown.
Columbus: Poor fat bastard.
Columbus: In those moments where you're not quite sure if the undead are really dead, dead, don't get all stingy with your bullets. I mean, one more clean shot to the head, and this lady could have avoided becoming a human Happy Meal. Woulda... coulda... shoulda.
Tallahassee: Wow, these fellas really let themselves go.
Columbus: And they're so fat.
Bill Murray: In the immortal words of Jean-Paul Sartre, 'Au revoir, Gopher.'
Columbus: Fasten your seat belts. This is going to be a bumpy ride.
Columbus: The plague of the 21st Century, remember mad cow disease? Well mad cow became mad person became mad zombie. It's a fast acting virus that leaves you with a swollen brain, a raging fever, makes you hateful and violent and leaves you with a really bad case of the munchies.
Tallahassee: Hop in the car, Evel Knievel. Let's go ride the rollercoaster.
Columbus: Someone's ear is in danger of having hair brushed over it...
Tallahassee: You've got a pretty mouth.
Tallahassee: In Mexico, you know what they call Twinkies? "Los submarinos."
Wichita: I'm sorry, he just gets me. But, it's really sad.
Columbus: I'm living the dream.I had always, my whole life wanted to brush a girl's hair over her ear.
Tallahassee: You see, that why i don't let people close, you only get burned.
Columbus: A zombie isn't a dead person who's just come back to life. It's someone who's been infected with the plague of the 21st century... Zombiism's carried in bodily fluids, and these fluids are highly contagious and fast acting when they mix with your fluids. So, if you're thinking of going tongue-to-tonsil with your suddenly less cute neighbor...
Columbus: try something a little more innocent... Mom and Dad would have to wait...
Columbus: Oh my god;
Columbus: look at this fucking clown.
Columbus: Of course, it had to be a clown.
Tallahassee: Thank God for rednecks!
Tallahassee: Well, take a look. It's a goddamn Hostess truck.
Columbus: Rule Number 2: Ziploc Bags... You have enough problems. Moisture shouldn't be one of them...
Columbus: You tell yourself over and over, this did not just happen... It did not... It did not... it did not... It couldn't have... it... it couldn't have... But it did... In the name of every sane thing that came before it... and all that I have come to know, and expect about the world... it did...
Tallahassee: B-holes... Jokes on them. Look what I swiped from under the seat.
Tallahassee: Hey... This bag ain't gonna carry itself...
Wichita: The muscles, and the way he sucked in his stomach, I'm guessing 8th grade PE teacher. I could see him in power-blue dolphin shorts.
Little Rock: Or pool guy. Or concert security!
Wichita: Maybe we're underestimating him...
Little Rock: Nah...
Wichita: And the skinny one?
Little Rock: Get some sun!
Wichita: I know... He kinda screamed 'Kinko's'...
Little Rock: Or... Lady Foot Locker!
Columbus: Whoa whoa whoa... Get him...
Little Rock: You know what's amazing?
Wichita: What?
Little Rock: That they got this far. I mean, they should be so proud...
Wichita: I know! They can die happy.
Wichita: No.
Little Rock: Okay...
Wichita: NO!
Little Rock: OKAY!
Wichita: We are not going back! What did we say?
Little Rock: Trust no one. Just you and me.
Wichita: Yeah. You and me... Even if it means leaving behind the slow and the weak...
Little Rock: Or... One slow and one weak.
Wichita: Right...
Little Rock: Y'know... I saw this Discovery Channel show... On like wildebeest herds or something... They always wait for the slow and the weak... Y'know... That way, when the lions show up, they only eat the slow and the weak...
    