
Bryan Mills: I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
Marko: Good luck.
Bryan: A friend gave this to me. It's Albanian. You mind translating it?
Marko: "Good luck".
Bryan: You don't remember me? We spoke on the phone two days ago. I told you I would find you.
Bryan: I believe you. But that won't save you.
Bryan: You either give me what I need or this switch will stay on until they turn the power off for lack of payment on the bill.
Saint Clair: Please understand... it was all business. It wasn't personal.
Bryan Mills: It was all personal to me.
Kim: You don't have to worry.
Bryan Mills: That's like telling water not to be wet, sweetie.
Sam: The specialty of the groups coming out of this area is trafficking in women.
Bryan Mills: Keep going.
Sam: Okay. Their previous MO was to offer women from the emerging East-European countries like Yugoslavia, Romania, Bulgaria jobs in the west as maids and nannies. Once they smuggled them in, they'd addict them to drugs and turn them into prostitutes. Lately, however, they've decided that it's more economical just to kidnap traveling young women. Saves on transportation costs.
Lenore: Not my little baby.
Bryan Mills: What else?
Sam: Based on what they know about the way these groups operate, our analyst says you have a ninety-six hour window from the time she was grabbed.
Bryan Mills: To what?
Sam: To never finding her.
Bryan Mills: Now's not the time for dick measuring, Stuart!
Bryan: I push one button and 38 agents are here before you have time to scratch your worthless balls.
Bryan Mills: That is what happens when you sit behind a desk. You forget things, like the weight in the hand of a gun that's loaded and one that's not.
Jean Claude: Isabelle!
Jean Claude: You asshole!
Bryan Mills: It's a flesh wound. But if you don't get me what I need, the last thing you'll see before I make your children orphans is the bullet I put between her eyes!
Bryan: You come to this country, take advantage of the system and think because we are tolerant that we are weak and helpless. Your arrogance offends me. And for that the rate just went up 10%.
Kim: Mom said your job made you paranoid.
Bryan: Well, my job made me aware.
Bryan: You know, we used to outsource this kind of thing. But what we found was the countries we outsourced to had unreliable power grids. Very Third World. You'd turn on a switch - power wouldn't come on, and then tempers would get short. People would resort to pulling fingernails. Acid drips on bare skin. The whole exercise would become counterproductive. But here, the power's stable. Here, there's a nice even flow. Here, you can flip a switch and the power stays on all day. Where is she?
Jean Claude: Just like the old days.
Bryan: Would you have it any other way?
Jean Claude: Between you and me, no. But now that I sit behind a desk, the world looks different.
Bryan: You mean it looks boring.
Jean Claude: I mean different. Okay, a little boring. But is being retired any more interesting?
Bryan: It wasn't until my daughter disappeared in Paris yesterday. She and her friend were marked by a spotter at the airport. Albanians took her.
Jean Claude: How do you know this?
Bryan: I'm retired, not dead.
Jean Claude: And I assume you don't want to go to the police.
Bryan: I was told I have 96 hours. That was sixteen hours ago.
Jean Claude: Okay, first we should find the spotter.
Bryan: I found him. He's dead.
Jean Claude: You found him that way?
Jean Claude: Bryan, you cannot just run around, tearing down Paris.
Bryan: Jean Claude, I will tear down the Eiffel Tower if I have to.
Bryan: Wake up! I need you to be focused!
Bryan: Are you focused yet?
Bryan Mills: I have a daughter who wants to be a singer. I was wondering if you have any tips for her.
Sheerah: Yeah, I do. Tell her pick another career.
Lenore: I don't get you.
Bryan Mills: What?
Lenore: You sacrificed our marriage to the service of the country, you've made a mess of your life in the service of your country, can't you sacrifice a little one time for your own daughter?
Bryan Mills: I would sacrifice anything for her.
Kim: Where are we?
Bryan: I told you. It's a surprise.
Sheerah: Hi.
Bryan: Hi.
Bryan: When someone says 'hi,' it's usually polite to say 'hi' back.
Kim: H-Hi.
Bryan Mills: I'm not comfortable with this.
Kim: Dad.
Bryan Mills: I know the world, sweetie.
Kim: Dad, please...
Bryan Mills: I don't think a seventeen-year-old should be traveling alone.
Kim: I'm not gonna be alone.
Bryan Mills: Two seventeen-year-olds.
Kim: Amanda's nineteen!
Bryan Mills: How about this? How about if I go along? You won't even know I'm there. I'm very good at being invisible.
Lenore: As you so amply demonstrated for most of her life.
Bryan: Really? Who's Beyoncé?
Bryan: Just kidding.
Peter: These taxis are so damn expensive! Want to share?
Stuart: Is there something I should be doing?
Bryan Mills: You have a lease agreement with NetJet through one of your shell companies.
Stuart: I do.
Bryan Mills: Get me a plane to Paris.
Stuart: For when?
Bryan Mills: An hour ago.
Singh: Mr. Mills, how are you?
Bryan: I'm fine. How are you?
Singh: Very fine. I suppose you want to see it again?
Bryan: If you don't mind.
Singh: You know where it is.
Bryan: Oh yeah.
Sam: Am I on speaker or are you by yourself?
Bryan Mills: Lenore is here.
Sam: Hey, Lennie.
Lenore: Hello, Sam.
Bryan Mills: She needs to hear it, Sam.
Sam: The specialty of the groups coming out of this area is trafficking in women. Their previous m.o. was to offer women from emerging East European countries, like Yugoslavia, Romania, Bulgaria, jobs in the West as maids and nannies. Once smuggled in, they'd addict them to drugs and turn them into prostitutes. Lately, however, they've decided that it's more economical just to kidnap traveling young women, saves on transportation costs.
Lenore: Oh, my little baby.
Sam: Based on the way these groups operate, our analyst says you have a 96-hour window from the time she was grabbed.
Bryan Mills: To what?
Sam: To never finding her.
Lenore: No, no, no!
Jean Claude: Bryan, try not to make a mess!
Sheerah: So I heard you want to be a singer?
Kim: I do.
Bryan: She does.
Sheerah: Well, come on in. Let's see what you got.     