
Desmond Doss: Help me get one more.
Desmond Doss: With the world so set on tearing itself apart, it don't seem like such a bad thing to me to want to put a little bit of it back together.
Desmond Doss: I don't know how I'm going to live with myself if I don't stay true to what I believe.
Prosecutor: There is only one question that any military court need ask of the accused: do you deny disobeying Col. Sangston's direct orders?
Judge: Well, do you, Private?
Desmond Doss: No, sir, I don't.
Judge: Why are you contesting it, then? Why is it so important to you, given your refusal to even touch a weapon to serve in a combat unit?
Desmond Doss: Because when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, I took it personal. Everyone I knew was on fire to join up, including me. There were two men in my hometown declared 4-F unfit, they killed themselves cause they couldn't serve. Why, I had a job in a defense plant and I could've taken a deferment, but that ain't right. It isn't right that other men should fight and die, that I would just be sitting at home safe. I need to serve. I got the energy and the passion to serve as a medic, right in the middle with the other guys. No less danger, just... while everybody else is taking life, I'm going to be saving it. With the world so set on tearing itself apart, it doesn't seem like such a bad thing to me to wanna put a little bit of it back together.
Company B Soldier: In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
Captain Glover: Most of these men don't believe the same way you do, but they believe so much in how much you believe.
Captain Glover: All I saw was a skinny kid. I didn't know who you were. You've done more than any other man could've done in the service of his country. Now, I've never been more wrong about someone in my life, and I hope one day you can forgive me.
Desmond Doss: Have you not heard? The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the Earth. He will not grow tired or weary, and His understanding no one can fathom. He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. Even youths grow tired and weary, and young men stumble and fall. But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not be faint.
Sgt Howell: Have you ever roped a goat, Hollywood?
Hollywood Zane: No, Sarge.
Sgt Howell: Have you ever looked into a goat's eyes?
Hollywood Zane: No, Sarge.
Sgt Howell: Good. That would be unnatural.
Smitty Ryker: After what we've just been tough, any sane man would be screaming for a weapon.
Desmond Doss: I never claimed to be sane.
Sgt Howell: You are a very strange-looking individual if you don't mind me saying so, Private.
Sgt Howell: I have seen stalks of corn with better physiques. Makes me want to pull an ear off, Private! Can you carry your weight?
Desmond Doss: Yes, Sergeant!
Sgt Howell: It should be easy for you then. Corporal!
Corporal Jessop: Sergeant.
Sgt Howell: Make sure you keep this man away from strong winds.
Sgt Howell: I believe that any man who takes great pride in their natural naked state will surely enjoy the brisk of the outdoors. Now move your privates, private parts! Move it! You son of an exhibitionist!
Judge: Private Doss, you are free to run into the hellfire of battle without a single weapon to protect yourself.
Desmond Doss: It looks much worse than it is. Girls will still want to kiss you.
Tom Doss: Why stop 'em? Saves me whipping them both. This way, I just whip the one that wins.
Desmond Doss: You're tying a bowline boy, not building a bra.
Tom Doss: Artie got hit in the back. It blew most of his guts and intestines out his front, offal everywhere. Wrecked his uniform entirely. It was lucky he was dead, so he never knew how awful his uniform looked.
Sgt Howell: If you plan on getting wet this weekend, make sure you put on a hat. I don't want anyone coming back pissing cream.
Smitty Ryker: What, you don't want none for your coffee, Sarge?
Stretcher Bearer: Some nut's up there dragging wounded from the top. Even lowered a couple of Japs.
Dorothy Schutte: Grab a seat. You ever given blood before?
Desmond Doss: Yes, ma'am, I have.
Dorothy Schutte: You're the belt man.
Desmond Doss: Desmond, yes, ma'am.
Dorothy Schutte: Well, Desmond, we can't take your blood two days in a row.
Desmond Doss: That's good. I came to get mine back.
Dorothy Schutte: You what?
Desmond Doss: My blood, I need it back.
Dorothy Schutte: Well it don't work like that. We can't just give it back to you.
Desmond Doss: Well you got to. Ever since you stuck me with that needle, my heart's been beatin' real fast. Every time I think about you, beats faster still.
Dorothy Schutte: I never heard that one before. It's pretty corny.
Desmond Doss: It is? That's a shame. I done practiced that all night. No good?
Dorothy Schutte: I didn't say that.
Desmond Doss: You want some morphine?
Sgt Howell: Hell, yes. That or a bullet.
Desmond Doss: Please lord, help me get one more, help me get one more.
Young Desmond: Why does he hate us so much?
Bertha Doss: Oh, he-he don't hate us. He hates himself... sometimes.
Tom Doss: Is that truly the way it works, sir? You fight your country, you lose so much that was dear to you and then you're done with? The uniform is forgotten. You have no voice?
Sgt Howell: You are a very strange-looking individual if you don't mind me saying so, Private. Name?
Ghoul: Andy Walker.
Sgt Howell: How long have you been dead, son?
Ghoul: Sir?
Sgt Howell: I am not "Sir"! I am Sergeant Howell or Sarge. "Sir" you save for useless people. The name is "Ghoul," you say?
Ghoul: Walker, Sergeant!
Sgt Howell: Ghoul it is.
Ghoul: Yes, Sergeant!
Desmond Doss: I've done everything they asked me, except this one thing, and I'm being treated like a criminal just 'cause I won't kill.
Smitty Ryker: You ain't gonna to eat them?
Desmond Doss: I don't eat meat.
Tom Doss: It won't be hard, it'll be impossible. You know whatever beliefs you have in your crazy head now, they won't ever play out. It don't work that way. And if by some, I don't know, miracle chance you survive, you won't be giving no thanks to god.     