
Profesora de Yoga en TV: There's a place where you can take refuge. A place inside you, a place to which no one else has access, a place that no one can destroy.
Vera Cruz: writing on the wall: I breathe. I breathe. I breathe. I know I breathe.
Marilia: The things the love of a mad man can do.
Vicente: I don't think I actually raped her.
Robert Ledgard: You "don't think?" Have you lost your memory?
Vicente: I'd taken a lot of pills. I can hardly remember it.
Robert Ledgard: Well, I didn't take anything, and I'll never forget it!
Madre de Vicente: Why are you crying?
Vera Cruz: I'm Vicente.
Robert Ledgard: How are you so sure of what I feel if even I don't know?
Marilia: Because I know you as if I'd borne you.
Presidente del Instituto de Biotecnología: You know the application of transgenic therapy in humans is strictly forbidden!
Robert Ledgard: Yes, I do. And forgive me, but it seems the ultimate paradox.
Robert Ledgard: We intervene in everything around us. Meat, clothes, vegetables, fruit, everything! Why not use scientific advances to improve our species? You know how many diseases we could cure with transgenesis? Or the genetic malformations that could be avoided?
Presidente del Instituto de Biotecnología: Don't continue. I know the list by heart and I think of it every day.
Vicente: Why did you shave me?
Robert Ledgard: That's a good question.
Vicente: You are different. I am different as well.
Norma: Are you in therapy, too?
Robert Ledgard: What's going on?
Vera Cruz: I'm going to kill you.
Robert Ledgard: This is a joke, right?
Vera Cruz: Call it what you want.
Robert Ledgard: But you promised!
Vera Cruz: I lied.
Norma: Clothes make me feel claustrophobic. I wish I could stay naked all the time.
Madre de Vicente: He promised to be back for dinner.
Vera Cruz: writing on the wall: Art keeps you free.
Marilia: Their fathers were very different but they were both born insane. It's my fault.
Robert Ledgard: It's a pity you can't see your whole body.
Robert Ledgard: They don't seem pneumatic now, do they? They're like drops of water sliding along a glass surface.
Robert Ledgard: If you wanted to die you would have cut your jugular.
Marilia: Help me with the dumbwaiter.     